The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. A phone that doesn't quite know who it's aimed at. The Xperia X doesn't really fall into any camp as a smartphone. It's not the best-performer in any category, but it's not the cheapest of its kind either. It's lost some of the magic that Sony usually offers, and adds in some annoying bugs, but the base components of good audio and a capable camera will still win some hearts.. Sony Xperia X price and release date Released in May 2016 Currently costs £339 SIM-free in the UK, $275 in the US Starts at £25 (UK) on contract but not offered in Australia Design New rolled glass sides add an attractive look to the screen No water resistance where older Sony phones offered this Boxy design isn't as comfortable to hold as other similar handsets. The Sony Xperia X is a curious phone. It's a handset that's not being dubbed a flagship device, but seems to be packing many of the top-end features you'd expect from such a smartphone.. Sony is pushing the X as having a killer camera with fancy new abilities to track objects in space, with the new technology designed to inspire you to capture more spontaneous images without sacrificing sharpness.. Besides that Sony is still ramming in its other high-end technology, with Hi-Res Audio upscaling and powerful screen technology, all while keeping the price tag down compared to other flagship handsets.. However, the confusing thing here is that we're not sure if this is Sony's flagship phone. That technically doesn't matter – after all, it's what you're thinking of buying right now, and you just want to know how good it is – but if you're a Sony fan there could be something better down the line if the Xperia Z6 pops up any time soon.. So, taking all this into account, what has Sony actually launched here? Is it a phone that's filled with compromises to hit a lower price tag, or is it a triumph of convergence?. Is it the result of a brand that's spent years working out how to bring the very best features to its phones without breaking the bank, just tweaking the design to offer you a phone that lets you do what you need to do without stuffing in overly expensive components for the sake of it?. This phone started off with a SIM-free price tag of £450 in the UK and $549.99 in the US. It's since dropped to around £339 in the UK, but that's still a high price for a phone that doesn't have one of the best processors on the market.. It has also dropped to around $275 in the US, which is a huge drop and may make the phone worthwhile picking up.. It's starting at around £25 per month on contract for basic amounts of data, which seems to fit the bill for a phone that doesn't have a high-end CPU and lacks features like waterproofing that you can find on the current 'flagship' Sony phone, the Xperia Z5.. The Sony Xperia X launched in May 2016 - alongside the Xperia XA - in the UK, and is now being rolled out worldwide.. Sony's also going big on design on the Xperia X, curving the glass into the sides of the phone to bring a more smooth and refined appearance to things.. The X still brings the boxy design that's a feature of the Xperia range – that's not to say it's ugly, but it doesn't make the phone stand out as a striking device when you pick it up for the first time.. The 'matte glass' feel to the back is nice, and there's no doubt when you first fondle this handset that it's not a cheap phone. However, the placement of the volume keys below the fingerprint scanner is far from ideal. It means you constantly have to shift the handset around just to change the level of sound you're listening to, and that seems like a weird thing to do.. The power button doubles as a fingerprint scanner, and it's pretty accurate – rarely were we frustrated by it mis-reading our thumb. It's also the natural resting place for a thumb or index finger (depending on whether you're right- or left-handed, resulting in fewer instances where you'll be angrily tapping the button just to get into your own phone.. If you like the way Sony puts its phones together, then you'll like the way the front glass helps the phone fit into the hand, with the lime gold colouring particularly impressive.. However, it's far from the sleekest phone on the market, and Sony highlighting the new design as a big feature shows there's not a lot else to talk about with this latest device.. If you compare this phone to some of the other larger handsets on the market (including the Sony Xperia Z5, which many will want to look at as well given the slight increase in power it offers) it's definitely more palm friendly, with the 5-inch screen fitting nicely within the frame.. In fact it's actually quite irritating that Sony hasn't given the Xperia X a wider screen, as the cheaper and less powerful Xperia XA has an edge to edge display that's really something to look at - it's worth a look if you're into the aesthetics of a phone.. The Xperia XA (pictured here) has a much nicer display. Oddly for Sony this isn't a waterproof phone, again hinting that it's tipped towards the more budget-conscious (and will therefore hopefully keep plummeting in price). However, the SIM and MicroSD slots are still together and can be removed with a pull of the fingernail (rather than having to hunt for a SIM tool like on the iPhone).. The design of the Sony Xperia X is, well, only fine. It looks like a Sony phone, and is fairly bezel heavy. I like that the glass is curved in a little at the edges, and in some colors (such as Lime Gold) it looks nifty - but it's far from the best-looking around.. Next Page What's it like to use?. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Get up to a $13.55 Gift Card.. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. 1-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $49 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty). This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Sold by Mobiles International LLC and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. Sony Exmor RS 23 MP main camera with Quick Launch <0.6s capture. 13 MP front-facing camera with a Sony 22mm wide-angle lens. 5” Curved edge 2.5D glass display and seamless metal back has a soft feel yet is durable. 32GB onboard memory and up to 200GB expandable with MicroSD card.. SIM unlocked and compatible with GSM/LTE carriers utilizing GSM network such as AT&T, T-Mobile, Straight Talk, MetroPCS, Simple Mobile, Bright spot, Net10, h20 Wireless, Cricket Wireless. Model F5121; compatible with Nano SIM Cards. One of these items ships sooner than the other. This item: Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty) $226.99. Sold by Mobiles International LLC and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. Sony Xperia X Case, EasyAcc Sony Xperia X Soft TPU Cover Crystal Transparent Slim Anti Slip Back… $7.99. Sold by EasyAcc.A Store and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. Sony Xperia X Screen Protector, IQ Shield LiQuidSkin Full Coverage Screen Protector for Sony Xperia… $9.95. Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by IQ Shield and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Mist Blue (US Warranty). Sony Xperia X Performance unlocked smartphone,32GB White (US Warranty). Sony Xperia X F5122 64GB Black, 5.0", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Sony Xperia X Performance unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XA1 - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Sony Xperia X Case, EasyAcc Sony Xperia X Soft TPU Cover Crystal Transparent Slim Anti Slip Back Protector Shockproof Case. Sony Xperia X Screen Protector, IQ Shield LiQuidSkin Full Coverage Screen Protector for Sony Xperia X HD Clear Anti-Bubble Film - with. Sony Xperia X Case, TUDIA Slim-Fit MERGE Dual Layer Protective Case for Sony Xperia X (Matte Black). Sony Xperia X Case, TUDIA Slim-Fit MERGE Dual Layer Protective Case for Sony Xperia X (Metallic Slate). [2-PACK]-Mr Shield For Sony Xperia X [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. [8-Pack] For Sony Xperia X - SuperGuardZ Screen Protector, Ultra Clear, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Bubble,. Your cost could be $176.99 instead of $226.99 ! Get a $50 Amazon.com Gift Card instantly upon approval for the Amazon Rewards Visa Card. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Android Central MWC 2016 Award Winner.. The Sony Smartphone That Sets the Standard for Fast and Intelligent Performance. The intelligent Sony 23MP main camera and 13MP front-facing camera capture stunning pictures. The 5 inch curved edge display has a soft feel yet is durable. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 processor enables PS4 Remote Play gaming from any room and a large 2620mAh battery to keep going.. Main Camera: 1/2” 23MP, Sony Exmor RS Sensor , Predictive Hybrid AF. ISO 12800, 24mm Wide Sony G Lens. Front Camera: 1/3” 13MP – Sony Exmor R Sensor, 22mm Wide, ISO 6400. Display: 5“ Full HD 1080p (1920x1080), Dynamic Contrast Enhancer, sRGB 140%, 600cd. CPU/GPU: Qualcomm Snapdragon 650, 2x 1.8GHz 4x 1.2GHz, Qualcomm Adreno 510. Memory: 3GB RAM, 32GB Flash memory, Up to 200GB Expandable Memory. Battery: 2620mAh, QNOVO Adaptive Quick Charge Technology. Sound: Hi-Res Audio, Stereo Speakers, Digital Noise Canceling, DSEE HX, LDAC, AHC. Size: 5.6 x 2.73 x 0.31 in / 5.4 oz. Networks: UMTS HSPA+ 800 (Band VI), 800 (Band XIX), 850 (Band V), 900 (Band VIII), 1700 (Band IV), 1900 (Band II), 2100 (Band I) MHz GSM GPRS/EDGE 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz LTE (Bands 1,2,3,4,5,7,8,12,17,19,20,26,28,38,39,40,41). Compatible Networks: with GSM/LTE Networks and cellular network providers utilizing GSM network such as AT&T, T-Mobile, Straight Talk, MetroPCS, Simple Mobile, Brightspot, Net10, h20 Wireless, and Cricket Wireless. Manufacturer Warranty: 1 year US manufacturer warranty on parts and labor. Predictive Hybrid Autofocus with Smart Capture for Blur Free Shots. With Sony’s intelligent Exmor RS sensor and BIONZ processing camera technologies you can choose a moving person or object and automatically track it. Your subject stays in focus, even when moving, enabling you to capture blur free shots.. Sony’s Fast 23MP Quick Launch Camera to Go from Standby to Capture in Less Than 0.6s. Leveraging Sony’s experience in image sensor technology, the camera is faster and smarter. A dedicated camera button that allows you to go from standby to capture in less than 0.6s.. Sony Steady Shot For Smooth Videos. Using Sony’s BIONZ image processor, SteadyShot video stabilization shoots smoother video and minimizes 'shaky cam' effects.. 13MP Selfie Camera Fits Everyone in the Picture. With a Sony 22 millimeter wide-angle lens and renowned Exmor RS 6400 ISO low-light sensor, the front camera is ready for round-the-clock sharpness.. The curved 2.5D glass edge display has a soft feel yet is durable. The unique seamless metal back design is easy to hold, feels solid and wears well.. Game On, Anywhere In the House. PS4 Remote Play lets you access your PS4 console through your smartphone and keep playing from any room.. Long Lasting Battery, Quick Charger Accessory Included. Running low on power? Quick Charge technology enables up to 5.5 hours of battery life on 10 minutes of charge with the included Quick Charger accessory.. Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 processor and 3GB RAM means Xperia X delivers fast performance for activities such as PS4 Remote Play gaming and quick multitasking.. 5 Inch Display with Brighter Colors. Sony’s Triluminos display technology combined with Dynamic Image Enhancer enables super brilliant colors on this Full HD display, simulating Sony’s BRAVIA TV viewing experience in the palm of your hand.. Listen in Hi-Res with Clear Audio+. Sony’s Hi-Res Audio and Clear Audio+ technologies, allow you to hear audio from your music, videos, and games the way it was meant to be heard.. Switch between compatible carriers without the hassle of contracts. Without carrier bloatware you have additional storage space on your phone and since your phone isn’t carrier restricted you can maintain your resell value.. 5“ Curved Edge Glass HD (1280x720), Super Vivid Mode, sRGB 100%, Brightness 450 cd/m2. 6” Curved Edge Glass Full HD (1920x1080), Super Vivid Mode, sRGB 100%, Brightness 500 cd/m2. 5“ Curved Edge Glass Full HD (1920x1080), Dynamic Contrast Enhancer, sRGB 140%, Brightness 600cd. 5“ Curved Edge Glass Full HD (1920x1080), Dynamic Contrast Enhancer, sRGB 140%, Brightness 600cd. 1/3” 13MP, Sony Exmor RS Sensor, Hybrid AF <0.15 seconds, ISO 6400. 1/2.4” 21.5MP, Sony Exmor RS Sensor, Hybrid AF <0.15 seconds, ISO 6400. 1/2” 23MP, Sony Exmor RS Sensor, Predictive Hybrid AF, ISO 12800, 24mm Wide Sony G Lens. 1/2” 23MP, Sony Exmor RS Sensor, Predictive Hybrid AF, ISO 12800, 24mm Wide Sony G Lens. 1/4” 8MP, Sony Exmor R Sensor, 88 degree Wide Angle, ISO 3200. 1/2.6” 16MP, Sony Exmor R Sensor, Optical Image Stabilization, Smart Selfie Flash, 88 degree wide Angle, ISO 3200. 1/3” 13MP, Sony Exmor R Sensor, 22mm Wide, ISO 6400. 1/3” 13MP, Sony Exmor R Sensor, 22mm Wide, ISO 6400. Mediatek HelioTM P10, Octa-core (8x A53,@ 2.0GHz) / Mali-T860. Mediatek HelioTM P10, Octa-core (8x A53,@ 2.0GHz) / Mali-T860. Qualcomm Snapdragon 650, 2x 1.8GHz, 4x 1.2GHz / Qualcomm Adreno 510. Qualcomm Snapdragon 820, 2x 2.2GHz, 2x 1.6GHz / Cat9 Support / Qualcomm Adreno 530. 2GB RAM, 16GB Flash memory, Up to 200GB Expandable Memory. 3GB RAM, 16GB Flash memory, Up to 200GB Expandable Memory. 3GB RAM, 32GB Flash memory, Up to 200GB Expandable Memory. 3GB RAM, 32GB Flash memory, Up to 200GB Expandable Memory. 2300mAh, QNOVO Adaptive Charging & Quick Charge Compatible. 2700mAh, QNOVO Adaptive Charging & Quick Charge Compatible. 2620mAh, QNOVO Adaptive Charging, Quick Charger Included. 2700mAh, QNOVO Adaptive Charging, Quick Charger Included. Hi-Res Audio, Stereo Speakers, Digital Noise Canceling, DSEE HX, LDAC, AHC, Remote Play capable. Hi-Res Audio, Stereo Speakers, Digital Noise Canceling, DSEE HX, LDAC, AHC, Remote Play Capable. 5.65 x 2.62 x 0.31 in / 4.9 oz. 6.45 x 3.11 x 0.33 in / 7.1 oz. 5.6 x 2.73 x 0.31 in / 5.4 oz. 5.6 x 2.77 x 0.33 in / 5.8 oz. 0.34 x 2.7 x 5.6 in. 0.37 x 2.55 x 5.07 in. 0.33 x 3.1 x 6.5 in. 2.6 x 5.7 x 0.3 in. 0.33 x 3.1 x 6.5 in. 0.29 x 5.2 x 2.8 in. Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia X Performance unlocked smartphone,32GB White (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XA1 - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XA Ultra unlocked smartphone,16GB Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia Z5 32GB GSM/LTE - Unlocked phone - (US Warranty)- Retail Packaging (Black). The Sony Xperia X is the smartphone that sets the standard for fast and intelligent performance. The intelligent Sony 23MP main camera and 13MP front-facing camera capture stunning pictures. The 5” curved edge display has a soft feel yet is durable. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 processor enables PS4 Remote Play gaming from any room. A 2620mAh battery gives you up to 2-days battery life to keep going.. 2.7 x 0.3 x 5.6 inches. 12.8 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #23,495 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #92 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Carrier Cell Phones. #497 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 54% 4 star 16% 3 star 11% 2 star 5% 1 star 14%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Was waiting for a few months before review. Color: Black | Offer Type: Phone Only | Verified Purchase. I will never buy a flagship $600 phone again. Especially if they keep making "midrange" phones like this one. I'm coming from a iPhone 5s and was a little worried. Not about the OS which has been updated to N by the way. The performance is great and the battery lasts more than a day. I have about 40% left the next morning after a full day/eve of use. The size of the phone is perfect and feels very natural. I get people asking me what kind of phone is that? I am liking not being part of the Apple/Samsung crowds. People should start doing some research before just getting what everyone else has.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Great deal for a great developer phone but get something newer if you're not a developer. Color: Black | Offer Type: Phone Only | Verified Purchase. For what I paid (under $230) it's well-worth it for a 2016 midrange phone. It gets decent battery life (I get through a day, sometimes slightly more depending on usage), the screen is great, has great sound (dual front-facing speakers) though a bit quiet, expandable storage, and is still getting updates from Sony. The camera is not at all as good as I thought it should be and my 4-year-old Samsung Note 4 takes far better pictures. It's a little slippery (similar to an iPhone 6s) and in the stock OS the UI animations stutter once and a while. I don't care for the slim side-mount finger print scanner but once it's set up it's VERY fast. It's impossible to change the volume one-handed without nearly dropping the phone. No idea what they were thinking on that one. I bought this specifically to try Sailfish X and while it was neat I quickly went back to an Android ROM. One thing I was surprised to see was while this device is covered by Sony's Open Device program, once you unlock the bootloader you can never go back to stock. Still, the people running Sony's Open Device program are responsive and have been putting out amazing updates so it all depends what you're looking for. It's also worth noting that while the stock OS is 32-bit, the Qualcomm 650 CPU supports 64-bit and I'm running a 64-bit ROM without issue, which is important for near-future proofing as 32-bit gets phased out.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Buggy system. Color: White | Offer Type: Phone Only | Verified Purchase. Good camera (not Galaxy or iPhone level but better than most Androids). Battery is AMAZINGand charges super quick. I personally like that it is not too big. All that being said I don't think I'll be getting another Sony phone. It has crashed on me three times and froze while running basic apps and I'm not even a multi app running type of user. It's not bad enough that I'll be running to get a new phone anytime soon but I probably won't be keeping this one long either (my ancient LG was more reliable). Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Best in the under $300 category. Color: Black | Offer Type: Phone Only | Verified Purchase. Nice upgrade from a Moto X 2014 Pure. This phone is fast and fluid and takes very good pictures both in daylight and low light conditions. There is some bloatware, but that can be disabled no problem. The battery life isn't as bad as I thought according to other reviews, it's perfectly acceptable and has no trouble lasting an entire work day. LTE is plenty fast on the T-Mobile network. In the sub $300 category, it's very hard to beat because it includes features other phones in this category lack, namely NFC, amount of RAM, and a good camera. While it is a little over a year old at the time of purchase, I'd imagine the custom ROM community will keep it going once Sony declares it EOL.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars My second Sony Xperia and it is a fantastic phone, fast. Color: Black | Offer Type: Phone Only | Verified Purchase. My second Sony Xperia and it is a fantastic phone, fast, sleek and amazingly doesn't heat up at all while charging when removed from its case. The battery life is formidable as is the speed at which it charges, a little over an hour and its to 90%+-. The main camera is hard to beat as well, beautiful image quality.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone. Color: Black | Offer Type: Phone Only | Verified Purchase. I did my research on the Sony x even watch YouTube videos this phone lighting fast and camera great bright screen big upgrade from the Sony z3v been needing a upgrade I haven't record any videos yet so cant say much about shaking but one thing is when I open the box I was so happy big sonny fan I personally think sony did a great job great all around phone. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars I love the phone. Color: Black | Offer Type: Phone Only | Verified Purchase. I love the phone, it had a very good camera and it is fast and smooth, but it has blocked the finger print reader, this takes off a good functionality.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Nice thing - worth the money - Lime Gold theme is awesome!. Color: Lime Gold | Offer Type: Phone Only | Verified Purchase. I like everything about Sony Xperia X so far - design, performance, and ergonomics Recommended accessory: Xperia X Case, Ringke [FUSION] Crystal Clear PC Back TPU Bumper [Drop Protection/Shock Absorption Technology] Raised Bezels Protective Cover For Sony Xperia X 2016 - Clear Sold by: Ringke Official Store $10.99. Was this review helpful to you?. Excellent cellphone, finger reader is really fast. Product came in sealed bag with all accessories.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Excellent cellphone, finger reader is really fast. It's great for taking pictures and videos, but if you're a fan of group messaging and receiving pictures from friends: don't bother. 3.0 out of 5 stars Out of the Loop. I like the way it feels and the camera is really good... 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. The worst battery ever , do not waste your money......... 2.0 out of 5 stars Terrible battery life..... Nice phone but keeps on shutting off whenever im charging it.. 3.0 out of 5 stars Three Stars. the cell phone is very good, only that it came without accessories.. 4.0 out of 5 stars the cell phone is very good, only that it came without accessories. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Bought one as gift for my BF and he loves it. Aside that the has always liked Sony products, he found the phone to have a lot of capacity to carry his digital music library (with... 5.0 out of 5 stars Good performance for common social apps. Amazon Giveaway allows you to run promotional giveaways in order to create buzz, reward your audience, and attract new followers and customers. This item: Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Sony Xperia XA1 - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia L1 - Unlocked Smartphone - 16GB - Black (US Warranty). Huawei P Smart (32GB) 5.6" Fullview Display & Dual Camera's, 4G LTE Dual-SIM Factory Unlocked w/ Fingerprint Scanner FIG-L23 International Model, No Warranty (Black). Motorola Moto X (2nd generation) XT1097 GSM Unlocked Cellphone, 16GB, Black Soft Touch. Sony Xperia XZ - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Forest Blue (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XA unlocked smartphone,16GB Black (US Warranty). See and discover other items: cricket compatible phones , cricket wireless smartphone , smart phone 2016 , sony cell , sony xz phone , sony xperia cell phone. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. What is the Sony Xperia X?. In a year of impressive phones, notably the Samsung Galaxy S7 and HTC 10 , the Sony Xperia X is a disappointment. Despite the new name, the Sony Xperia X is more of the same from the Japanese brand.. It’s a mid-range phone with a price tag that matches the high-end LG G5 – a baffling misstep.. Growing up, I was surrounded by tech products bearing the company’s logo. Think the PlayStation 2, the VAIO line of laptops and, more recently, the RX100 range of cameras. Yet, in that time Sony hasn’t quite managed to transfer the flair of the aforementioned products to its lineup of phones.. Watch: Sony Xperia X video review. Related: Best phones to buy this year. The Sony Xperia X looks just like the Xperia Z3+. And pretty much every phone the company has released in the past five years.. It isn’t an ugly phone by any means; it just lacks imagination. Both the front and back are flat, while the sides are slightly rounded with pronounced corners. It isn’t particularly thin, but its fairly compact nature makes it easy to grip in one hand.. One improvement over the previous Xperia Z handset is the rear, which isn’t glass, but brushed aluminium. It has a slight texture, and is no longer a magnet for sticky fingerprints and oily residue.. Along the side of the phone sit an elongated lock button with an embedded fingerprint sensor, volume rocker and a dedicated camera button. I have a problem with each of these.. First, the fingerprint scanner is mushy, has barely any give and seems unreliable. There’s no doubt that it’s quick, but it often pops up with the message “Fingerprint hardware not available”, and out of 20 attempts it failed seven times. Bizarrely, the volume switch is positioned towards the bottom, making it a pain to reach.. I do like that Sony has stuck with its dedicated camera button, but like the others, it’s mushy and requires a lot of pressure to push. Another little annoyance in a phone where there are so many.. On the other side is a SIM-tray – no annoying SIM tool required – that holds both a nano-SIM and microSD card, but every time you open it, it automatically restarts the phone. I’d understand this if the phone supported Marshmallow’s adaptable storage feature, since you’re not supposed to take out the SD card when the phone is on – but it doesn’t.. Sony’s phones have a history of being water-resistant, but the Xperia X isn’t. The isn’t a major omission, but the feature would have at least given the Xperia X something to make it stand out from the crowd.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Related: Best cheap phones to buy. Sony made headlines last year when it unveiled the Sony Z5 Premium , the first phone with a 4K screen. People gushed and were in awe – just think of all those pixels. Then the realisation set in that the 4K was limited and that 99% of the time it was a plain-old 1080p panel. While the same trick isn’t played here, a whole host of buzzwords and tech jargon has been used to describe the 1080p, 5-inch LCD panel in the Xperia X. It’s a “Triluminos Display for Mobile”, with an “X-Reality engine” and “Dynamic Contrast Enhancement”.. All you really need to know is that’s it’s a decent display. One of the better ones out there and definitely one of the brightest. It might not be quad-HD, but the 1,920 x 1,080 resolution is still fantastic when spread over a 5-inch display. The smaller screen means it isn’t great for media, but pixels on photos and games are virtually impossible to spot.. Blacks are deep, colours are accurate and viewing angles are fantastic. There’s no discolouration when you tilt the phone to the side, something I found very obvious on the HTC 10.. Since it’s an LCD panel, colours aren’t quite as vibrant as those on the OLED panels favoured by Samsung. But, realistically, unless you’re holding both phones next to each other, you’re unlikely to notice the difference.. Sony’s screen isn’t entirely free of issues, though. Since the maximum brightness is so high, it becomes even more obvious when the auto-brightness doesn’t work. I’ve unlocked the phone in the pitch-black at night to find that it’s lit up the whole room; similarly, I’ve tried to use it in the bright sunshine and it’s unreadable.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The Sony Xperia X is a winning compact phone for its high-quality camera and ergonomic in-hand fit. The dedicated camera button gives you a convenient quick-shoot option.. The Bad Battery life is constrained, and the fingerprint reader won't work on the US version of the phone.. The Bottom Line A reliable and likable midrange phone, the Xperia X stands out for its palm-friendly build and strong camera, but we can't recommend it for US customers.. Well, well, well, Sony Xperia X. I admit that I like you more now than I did when we first met at your February debut , and that's largely thanks to your sneaky-awesome trait of being really easy to operate one-handed. There aren't a lot of phones out there these days that are compact enough and proportioned well enough to pull this off, especially for people on the smaller end of the hand-size spectrum.. But you do, and that's extremely useful for all the times when I've got my arms full with my giant purse, work badge, groceries, a cup of tea, a handhold on the bus, whatever. With your square sides that are easy to grip and the fast-acting fingerprint reader built right into the power button on your right spine, you make it incredibly easy to whip you out of a back pocket to read the news or act on notifications without having to uncomfortably stretch my hands to reach your 5-inch screen. Since my thumb is larger than the fingerprint reader/power button, I don't have to worry about precise positioning to unlock the screen, and your accuracy is spot on.. Sony's Xperia X phone in all its angles. But that fingerprint reader is also what gives me pause, Xperia X, because while it works flawlessly for your global variant, it won't work in the US market at all. Sony is disabling it intentionally, just like it did on some of your brethren, like the Z5 and Z5 Compact. ("Sony Mobile has decided not to include fingerprint sensors in the US models at this time.") This strikes me as a silly omission that will keep one large market from unlocking you this way and from quickly, conveniently authorizing payments through Android Pay, the Amazon app, their banking app and so on.. Because of your stingy ways stateside, I can't recommend you for the US. You'll get 4G LTE speeds on T-Mobile and AT&T if customers buy you directly from Sony's website or from retailers like Amazon, Best Buy and B&H. But without that fingerprint reader, I just can't recommend you over the Google Nexus 6P , which has a fast fingerprint reader as well, costs $50 less and will be first in line for Android software updates like Android N this fall .. But for the rest of the globe, I do like you as a less expensive Android 6.0 Marshmallow option. You probably won't be as fast as the same-size Xperia X Performance that's coming out July 17, and you certainly won't have its water-resistant body, but you do cost much less.. Sony Xperia X camera takes on Tokyo (pictures). Still, you're pricier than the HTC One A9 (but you take better photos) and customers who prefer a larger screen should absolutely get the 5.7-inch Nexus 6P over you. ZTE's newly-announced Axon 7 also looks promising, with a larger base-model storage capacity (64GB versus 32GB) and comparable camera specs (which doesn't always equal better performance) -- and it costs less than you do. (Read a full specs comparison breakdown with these phones below.). So while I can easily hold you with one hand while giving your dimensions and camera a thumbs up with the other, you do face intense competition from less expensive phones.. Well, that felt good to get off my chest, but I still want to walk about the Xperia X camera, battery life and hardware specs. Also, you should know that this review and specs apply to the 32GB version of the Xperia X. Sony will also offer the phone in a 64GB, dual-SIM model, but hasn't shared pricing yet.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Sony Xperia X. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Please help us improve our website. Take our customer survey to evaluate your visit.. It should only take a few minutes to answer five quick questions. Just click the Launch survey button at the end of your visit to begin.. Explore the world of Sony Apps and Services.. Your ticket to the biggest hits and hottest shows. Personalise your Xperia, keep it safe and more. Xperia™ X Always one step ahead. The smartphone camera that predicts the next move. Xperia X Camera For unexpectedly beautiful moments. The most shareable moments tend to be the hardest to capture. To help you get the shots you want, we made our flagship camera faster and smarter than ever – with quicker response times and even more intelligent focus.. Future-focused Our smartest camera predicts movement for sharper pictures. Xperia X’s Smart Capture technology helps you getting clear pictures. Enabled by Sony’s new Predictive Hybrid Autofocus, Smart Capture lets you choose a person or object and automatically track it. Now your subject stays in focus, even when moving, and the most unpredictable scenes come out in the sharpest detail.. See shots taken with Xperia X. World’s Best Autofocus on a Moving Object* Technical Test. *Sony Xperia X outperformed all leading global competitors and delivered the most accurate autofocus performance in this assessment.. Blink and you’ll get it The 23 MP camera for the fastest moments. Our fastest camera yet goes from standby to capture in less than 0.6 seconds. With the quick start up, lightning speed Hybrid Autofocus and faster image processing, you can capture the most spontaneous moments.. The selfie cam that outshines the rest. Low-light selfies aren’t easy, but Xperia X was built for the challenge. With 13 megapixels and Sony’s renowned low-light sensors, this is the front camera for round-the-clock sharpness.. Up your selfie game Personalise your selfies with AR Effects. Stay one step ahead in the selfie game with our AR Effects app, which gives you the power to snap yourself in incredible virtual scenes, add in new characters, and make the impossible a reality!. The fantastic predictive hybrid autofocus tech keeps your subject sharp even when they’re jumping around like a loon.. See what Recombu has to say. The autofocus on Xperia X anticipated the dogs' movement and meant the images always came out without any blur.. Xperia X Design No wonder you want to spend time with it. Crafted with a seamless metal back, the Xperia X is an undeniable stunner. And with the curved glass edges of its display and perfect 5” size, it’s as much a pleasure to hold as behold.. Fits life like a glove Design that blurs the lines between you and your phone. We’ve designed Xperia X to comfortably fit your hand, your routines and your taste. We’ve refined the user interface to make it more intuitive than ever, and continued with a form that makes a statement with its simplicity. Choose from four colours – Graphite black, White, Lime Gold or Rose Gold. Each one has been chosen to complement your personal style without taking over.. The fingerprint sensor on Xperia X is placed on the side of the phone, so you can pick up and unlock in one movement.. Xperia X has a tone-on-tone approach, with continuous colour on front and back and a lock screen in the same hue.. Xperia X Battery A better battery IQ. Xperia X boasts Sony’s Smart Battery Management that brings you up to two days battery life and longer battery lifespan.. Battery life that keeps you charged for days. There’s never a good time for your phone to quit. Whether you’re mid-run, or deep in a group chat. Xperia X’s marathon battery brings you up to two days 1 of power from every charge, so you can do what you love for longer. Explore more, connect more, and skip the charger in your overnight bag.. Not only is battery life longer than other smartphones, they also incorporate new technology to prolong the battery health over its lifetime.. Read the full article on Mashable. Keep your battery strong for longer Every charge is a vitamin kick for your phone. While most smartphone batteries quickly decline in strength, Xperia X delivers our longest battery lifespan. Ground-breaking Qnovo Adaptive Charging maintains battery health while charging.. With Hi-Res Audio and DNC support, you can hear music as it was meant to be heard and block out everything else.. Everything you see is more vivid on this Full HD display with Sony’s BRAVIA® TV technologies built in.. PS4™ Remote Play lets you access your PS4 console through your smartphone and keep playing in any room.. 23 MP camera with Predictive Hybrid Autofocus. 13 MP front camera for low-light selfies. 5” Full HD curved display More about display. Up to 2 days battery life 1. Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 650, 64-bit Hexa-core processor. SIM capability Single SIM, Dual SIM, Nano SIM Memory and storage Up to 200 GB microSD™ card Weight 152g Dimensions 143 x 69 x 7.7mm Display 5" Full HD 1080p, TRILUMINOS Display for mobile, X-Reality for mobile, Dynamic Contrast Enhancement Camera 23MP, 1/2.3'' Exmor™ RS for mobile sensor, Quick launch , Predictive Hybrid AF, 5x Clear Image Zoom, 24mm G Lens F2.0, Low-light photography: ISO 12800 , Full HD 1080p Video Recording On the inside Google Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), Qualcomm® Snapdragon 650 Processor, 64-bit capable. Style Cover Touch SCR50 for Xperia X Use your phone through the cover. Style Cover Flip SCR52 for Xperia X Your phone’s perfect match. Style Cover SBC22 for Xperia X Stylish protection for your phone. Style Cover SBC20 for Xperia X The cover that doesn’t cover up. Micro USB Charging Dock DK52 Easy connect Effective charging. Xperia Ear Your personal assistant. Quick Charger UCH12 Power up in no time. There’s so much to discover with Xperia: from smartphones, tablets and Smart Products to exclusive offers and content. We want to help you do more.. Switching to Xperia? Xperia Transfer Mobile makes it easy to move over all your content.. With exclusive access to the latest movies, music and games, it’s your ticket to a world of entertainment.. Everything you need to work smarter – discover the benefits of Xperia for business.. Your product will stay like new if you install the latest software. To get an email when it is time, simply register at My support.. Xperia™ Care has answers to almost anything you want to know about your product. Get help where you are, both in the device and online.. 1 Battery life has been measured against Sony Mobile Communications AB’s smartphone usage profile, defined in September 2014 to represent the typical smartphone user’s active condition, including, but not limited to a range of usage scenarios (calling, texting, web browsing, social networking, game playing, music listening, picture taking, picture browsing, online video watching, video recording and playback).. Products Phones Tablets Smart Products Accessories Support Product Support Contact Support Support Forum Xperia About Xperia Smartphone photography Xperia in Business Xperia & Android About Smart Products Sony Mobile About us News & blog Smart Solutions Incubation and Acceleration Sustainability Sony & other sites About Sony Developer World. Global site - English - Change. Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Local channels. Copyright © 2011-2018 Sony Mobile Communications Inc. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (58). Click to read the full review. Based on 4 User reviews. "Always one step ahead" - this is the tagline the Sony Xperia X is promoted with. It hints at the phone's ability to "predict" the direction of moving objects, thus ensuring accurate focus when taking photos. Speaking of photography, the phone's main camera is a key selling feature, with 23MP of resolution, super-wide viewing angles, and extremely fast autofocus. We're also promised great battery life with Sony's optimizations, added on top of Android 6.0. As for the handset itself, it is designed in typical, stylish Sony fashion, with straight lines and flat sides. For convenience's sake, you get a fingerprint scanner embedded in the power button (not available in the US), as well as front stereo speakers. However, water resistance - a feature found on many other Xperia models - has been skipped.. Sony Xperia X vs Apple iPhone 6s Sony Xperia X vs Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia X vs Samsung Galaxy S7 Sony Xperia X Review Sony Xperia X manual Sony Xperia X benchmarks. Dimensions: 5.63 x 2.72 x 0.30 inches (143 x 69 x 7.7 mm). Weight: 5.36 oz (152 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Display Physical size: 5.0 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Oleophobic coating, Scratch-resistant glass, Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Object tracking, Digital image stabilization, Touch to focus, Smile detection, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Scenes, Effects. Features: Time-lapse video, Object tracking, Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Hexa-core, 1800 MHz, ARM Cortex-A72 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 10.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 24.2 days (580 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 14.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 25.0 days (600 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Stand-by time (4G): 22.5 days (540 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: DLNA, Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback, Preset equalizer. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 800, 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 19, 20, 26, 28. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. Data: LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s, UMTS. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Barometer, Step detector, Step counter. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 22 Feb 2016. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Sony F5121 , Sony F5122. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Sony Xperia X Dual (F5122). Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Sony Xperia X specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $210 Buy. $480 Buy. Sony Xperia X and X compact Android 8.0 update available!. Sailfish X for Sony Xperia X goes on sale, download links are now live. Sailfish X for Sony Xperia X now available for purchase for Jolla Tablet backers. Sailfish OS for Sony Xperia X officially launched, but you'll have to pay for it. Deal: Get the unlocked Sony Xperia X for just $215 ($185 off) at B&H. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Sony Xperia X. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Sony Xperia X smartphone was launched in February 2016. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. Qualcomm Snapdragon 650It comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 2000GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Sony Xperia X packs a 23-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 13-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Sony Xperia X runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 2620mAh non removable battery. It measures 142.70 x 69.40 x 7.90 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 153.00 grams. The Sony Xperia X is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Sony Xperia X, Xperia X Compact Start Receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update. Sony to Discontinue &lsquo;Premium Standard&rsquo; Range, Xperia X Series No More: Report. Sony Xperia X, Xperia X Compact Now Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update. Sony Xperia X Dual, Xperia Z5 Premium Dual Price Slashed in India. More Sony mobiles Sony mobiles price in India. Release date February 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 142.70 x 69.40 x 7.90 Weight (g) 153.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2620 Removable battery No Colours White, Graphite Black, Lime Gold, Rose Gold. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 2000. Rear camera 23-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 13-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Sony Xperia X. 5 Out of 5. 5 Star 1 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 1 of 1 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Caleb Dann | 12 Jul 2016. This phone is just AMAZING! No problems with it what so ever!. I've had it for about a month now). Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. Sony Xperia X, Xperia X Compact Start Receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update. Sony to Discontinue ‘Premium Standard’ Range, Xperia X Series No More: Report. Sony Xperia X, Xperia X Compact Now Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update. Sony Xperia X Dual, Xperia Z5 Premium Dual Price Slashed in India. Sony Xperia X, Xperia XA Go Up for Pre-Registrations in India. Samsung Galaxy S7, Sony Xperia X Phones Don't Support Qualcomm's Quick Charge 3.0. Sony Xperia X, Xperia XA, Xperia X Performance First Look. Sony Xperia X, Xperia XA Price Revealed. Sony Xperia X, Xperia XA, Xperia X Performance Launched at MWC 2016. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact Sony Xperia XZ2 Sony Xperia L2 Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia R1 Plus Sony Xperia R1 Sony Xperia XA1 Plus Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact Sony Xperia XZ1 Sony Xperia L1 Sony Xperia XA1 Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Sony Xperia XZs Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia X Compact Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia E5 Dual Sony Xperia E5 Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia X Dual Sony Xperia X Performance Dual Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia XA Dual Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia Z5 Dual Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual Sony Xperia M5 Dual. Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia X vs. Sony Xperia X Performance vs. Sony Xperia Xa Sony Xperia Xz1 vs. Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Compact vs. Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Sony Xperia X Xiaomi Mi 4s vs. Xiaomi Mi 4c Huawei Mate 10 Lite vs. Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Compact vs. Sony Xperia Xa Sony Xperia X vs. Sony Xperia X Performance vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Xiaomi Mi 4s vs. Apple iPhone 5S Sony Xperia X vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia MWC 2018 Press Conference: How to Watch Live Stream. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Sony Xperia X in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. sony xperia z sony xperia s sony xperia ion samsung galaxy s3 sony xperia tl android phone sony xperia j samsung note 3 sony xperia x10 unlocked iphone 4s. All Listings - Current page. results for sony xperia x. Save sony xperia x to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow sony xperia x to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Sony Xperia X Android F5121 32GB - Black (Unlocked) 7/10 Dent in the back. Sony XPERIA X Dual F5122 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB , 23MP - White / Black / Gold. New Original Sony Xperia X F5121 32GB GSM Unlocked 4G LTE 23MP Smartphone. For Sony Xperia X XZ1 XA1 XA2 Ultra Plus Luxury Slim Matte Shockproof Case Cover. Sony Xperia X F5122 Black 3GB RAM 5" DUAL SIM 64GB 23MP Phone By FedEx. 3 new & refurbished from $303.00. 16x Zoom Telephoto Telescope+60x- 220x Microscope Camera Lens Kits for SmartPhone. 3D Full Cover Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Sony Xperia XZ / XA /XA1 Ultra. 360° Shockproof Ultra Thin Matte Hard PC Back Case Cover Skin For Sony XA XA1 Z5. For Sony Xperia L1 XA1 Ultra XZ XZ1 Compact Clear Shockproof Slim TPU Cover Case. 1 X Black PC Back Door Battery Glass Cover Case Panel For Sony Xperia Z Z1 Z2 Z3. For Sony Xperia X XA XZ XC XP Ultra Matte Rubber Hard Plastic Back PC Case Cover. For Sony Xperia X XA XZ E5 Soft Transparent TPU Cute Gel Rubber Case Cover Back. Shockproof Thin Matte Hard PC Back Case Cover For Sony Xperia XA XZ X Compact. Genuine Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover For Sony Xperia Series Models. For Sony Xperia X XA XZ E5 Soft Patterned TPU Silicone Rubber Back Case Cover. X-Level Ultra-thin Stand Luxury PU Leather Flip Cover Case Skin For Sony Xperia. Genuine Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover For Sony Xperia X XA Z1 Z3 Z4 Z5 Compact. For Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra L1 Rugged Armor Hybrid Protective Kickstand Case Cover. NEW Luxury Mirror Back Cover + Metal Aluminum Frame Case For Sony Xperia Phones. Ultra-Thin TPU silicone Soft Case Cover For Sony Xperia Series. Durable Silicone Gel Case Rubber TPU Soft Protective Back Skin Cover For Sony. Ultra Thin Transparent Clear TPU Silicone Soft Case Skin Cover For Sony Xperia. Luxury Genuine Real Leather Flip Case Wallet Stand Cover For Sony Xperia Experia. Soft TPU Rubber Matte Gel Silicone Case Cover Skin For Sony Xperia Mobile Phones. XZS Z5 Luxury Slim Leather Flip Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. X-Level Luxury Vintage Slim Leather Shockproof Case Cover Skin For Sony Xperia. Pattern TPU Silicone Soft Ultra Thin Clear Gel Back Case Cover For Sony Xperia. Silicone Clear Painted Rubber Soft TPU Back Cover Case For Sony Xperia X/XA/E5. For Sony Xperia X XA1 Z5 Premium Hybrid Armor Rugged Shockproof Tough Case Cover. For Sony Xperia X XA Z5 Premium XZ E5 Hybrid Armor Rugged Shockproof Case Cover. For Sony Xperia X XP XA XA1 XZ XZ1 Slim Leather Flip Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. Clear Slim Soft TPU Rubber Pattern Cover Case For Sony Xperia E5/XA/XZ/X Compact. For Sony Xperia X Compact XA XA1 Ultra Plus Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film. Hard Case For Sony Xperia Z3 Z5 Cover for Sony XA1 Ultra Back for SONY E5 L1 M5. X-Level Vintage PU Leather Case For Sony Xperia XZ1 XZS XA Z3 Z5 Slim Back Cover. Luxury Sackcloth Grain Leather Case Cover For Sony Xperia X Performance XA Ultra. Lovely Cartoon Patterned Silicone Rubber TPU Back Protect Case Cover For Sony. Clear Soft TPU Phone Case Cover for Sony Xperia Z1 Z2 Z3 Z4 Z5 Compact X XA XP. Flip Magnetic Wallet Patterned PU Leather Case Cover for Sony Xperia XA E5 XZ M4. For Sony Xperia X XA XA1 XZ XZS Z3 Z5 Magnetic PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. NEW Luxury Mirror Back Cover + Metal Aluminum Frame Case For Sony Xperia Phones. 3D Full Cover Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Sony Xperia X / XZ / XA Ultra. 360° Protective Shockproof Soft Leather TPU Back Case Cover For Sony Xperia Z5. Universal Luminous Glow in Dark Silicone TPU Phone Cover Bumper Frame Case Skins. Rugged Hybrid Armor Shockproof Hard Case Stand Cover For Sony Xperia X XA1 XZ XA. REAR BACK DOOR HOUSING BATTERY COVER CASE FOR SONY XPERIA X / XA / XA1 ULTRA. For Sony Xperia X XP XZ XZ1 XA XA1 L2 Clear Shockproof 360° Slim TPU Cover Case. Magnetic Flip Leather Wallet Stand Case Cover For Sony Xperia XZ1 XZ/XZS Premium. Front & Back Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Sony Xperia Z1 Z2 Z3 Z4 Z5 M5. Official Flip Leather Ultra Thin Stand Case Cover For Sony Xperia Z2 Z3 compact. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. ** Hot Sell 12000 Sold ** For Sony Xperia Series Models. ▶400+ SOLD ▶FREE SHIPPING▶Sony Xperia Z5 Premium. ▶Xperia XA Xperia Z1 Z2 Z3 Z5 Premium ▲▲FREE SHIPPING◀. FREE POSTAGE+SCREEN GUARD +1ST CLASS POST+HIGH QUALITY. 3D Full Cover√ Easy to install√ For Sony Xperia XZ/XA. New arrived Sony X Performance XA XA Ultra XZ Compact. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 4 Call quality, Battery life and Conclusion. posted by Chris P.. Android - Android + Sony - Sony +. 1 Introduction, Design and Display. 4 Call quality, Battery life and Conclusion. Introduction Thanks to the diversified nature of its various businesses, Sony may not be in as precarious a position as the likes of HTC or BlackBerry. All the same, it's plainly obvious that the maker has been having trouble in mobile for a while now. Ditching the Z-series of old, Sony is transitioning to an Xperia X branding, and the eponymous mid-ranger is the first of the new line we get to review. This move, it's supposed to be a showcase of Sony's willingness to get back to the drawing board and re-imagine at least some parts of its mobile offering. And with an asking price of $549.99, Sony is setting the bar for itself and the Xperia X pretty high. Let's see if they pass our test. Design A mix of old and new, the Xperia X offers numerous small improvements, along with some big ones If you've ever held Sony's still reigning flagship, the Xperia Z5, then you'll know just how uncomfortable it is. The frame towards the back cuts into your hand unpleasantly, and the frosted glass is very slippery. With the Xperia X, Sony fixes the former issue, but not the latter. In any case , if we're to continue the parallel with the Z5, the Xperia X is different in many small ways. For starters, the glass up front seamlessly flows towards the sides, creating a beautiful effect. The modular corners of old are also gone as the frame is now a singular piece, the Xperia insignia etched onto the left side is no more, and the lanyard cutout has been retired. The only branding on the back left standing says simply “Xperia”—no Sony, and no G Lens cheat sheet next to the camera. Speaking of the shooter, it's bigger than before and protrudes just a tiny bit. In short, all of the above combines to give us a clean, distinctive, and very attractive exterior. Sure, the aforementioned issue with the slippery back stands, but seeing as how many will go for a protective case, it's probably not too big of a deal. Display Very bright, with impressive gamma response, but ultimately color-incorrect If you're after trendy technologies such as Quad HD AMOLED screens, the Xperia X will disappoint—but not entirely. Sporting a 5-inch panel, it's an IPS LCD make with “just” 1080 x 1920 pixels. But if you're after the typical “AMOLED” effect, meaning obviously overstated colors, then you're in luck. The Xperia X's screen is, indeed, not at all color correct. All your primaries and secondary are off target, with Red and Green being the worst offenders. Blue, on the other hand, dominates over them in turn, resulting in a very high color temperature of over 8,200K. In practice, white and the many shades of gray are decidedly bluish, which is annoying. Onto a more positive note, both maximum and minimum brightness are just excellent, ensuring great experience whether it's midday or dead of the night. Gamma is also on target, and it's actually rare that we get as accurate response. Makes the above-mentioned shortcomings even harder to stomach, unfortunately.. 5.63 x 2.72 x 0.3 inches. 143 x 69 x 7.7 mm. 5.79 x 2.86 x 0.31 inches. 147 x 72.6 x 7.9 mm. 5.71 x 2.79 x 0.27 inches. 145 x 70.9 x 6.95 mm. 5.88 x 2.91 x 0.29 inches. 149.4 x 73.9 x 7.3 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The numbers below represent the amount of deviation in the respective property, observed when a display is viewed from a 45-degree angle as opposed to direct viewing.. Minimum brightness Lower is better. Contrast Lower is better. Color temperature Lower is better. Gamma Lower is better. Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. Sony Xperia X Compare. More content with Xperia X. Sony Xperia X vs Apple iPhone 6s. Sony Xperia X vs Sony Xperia Z5. Sony Xperia X vs Samsung Galaxy S7. 1 2 3 4 Next ». (Posts: 112; Member since: 18 Jan 2013). posted on 02 Jun 2016, 09:44. Bwhahaha! I knew this was going to get a score no more than 6. (Posts: 928; Member since: 27 Jul 2015). posted on 02 Jun 2016, 10:06. You want to score it 9 ??. (Posts: 195; Member since: 18 Jul 2014). posted on 03 Jun 2016, 07:48. Reviewing a phone in a single day. I don't think the X deserves a 9, but the 6 makes it seem like the rating has been decided even before starting to review the phone. IMO all sony phones over here are getting a rating based on prejudice rather than an actual thorough review. (Posts: 5029; Member since: 30 Mar 2015). posted on 03 Jun 2016, 15:28. The camera is clearly defective the test unit we had when the sony rep came by did not end up in ugly picture like this in fact the picture where amazing. including 32 gb as base storage on a mid range phone is also something VERY positive. (Posts: 6747; Member since: 30 Sep 2014). posted on 02 Jun 2016, 11:12. (Posts: 327; Member since: 26 Aug 2015). posted on 03 Jun 2016, 04:22. - Looks like every other Sony phone for the last 5 years!. (Posts: 5029; Member since: 30 Mar 2015). posted on 03 Jun 2016, 15:28. Not an iphone or a samsung you mean.. (Posts: 686; Member since: 25 Jan 2009). posted on 02 Jun 2016, 11:16. Such price with middle range spec give scores of 6 is given face already.. (Posts: 5787; Member since: 16 Mar 2013). posted on 02 Jun 2016, 18:02. If any of the people at phonearena had a technical background, then they would have know that the Xperia X's CPU is the new SD 650 with 2 cortex-A72 cores, and 4 cortex-A53 cores. An A72 core is faster and more power efficient than a A57 core that is found on both the SD 808 and SD 810 SoCs. Plus the 650's A72 cores can sustain the high speeds without throttling down, unlike the 808 and 810 which do heat up and need to throttle down when they get to hot. I wish they would have put the new 650 in the Nexus 5X. BTW all the benchmarks show that the 650 is faster than a 808, plus it's GPU is faster than the SD 810. But it's the ignorant public like you Anfrewtst that think if a number is lower, than it has to be worse. But this is clearly not the case. Even Qualcomm claim that their SD 650 is faster than a SD 808.. (Posts: 1543; Member since: 16 Feb 2012). posted on 03 Jun 2016, 01:01. in response to #51 Hide. Even you are right that the 650 is better than the 808... nowadays the compertitors are Kirin 950 and up, not the failure SD 808 and 810 were. The issue is that SD 820 is FAR better than 650, among other things because it is built on 16nm instead of 28nm. Asking for the price of a flagship and putting the SoC of a midrange is a failure IMHO.. (Posts: 5787; Member since: 16 Mar 2013). posted on 03 Jun 2016, 01:32. in response to #60 Hide. You think the SD 650 is mid range. But when you compare it to others. It holds its own quite well to other high end processors. The SD 810 is a fast Processor with its 8 cores and 530 GPU. All the reviews of smartphones using it, show this to be true. Look at the G4, Nexus 5x, and many others that use it. It's just that the 650 is better. Even though the 650 is using 28nm. The nm is really for the power consumption, and indirectly it can affect speed. The smaller the nm, then the lower the consumption of energy. It's still faster than A57 cores because of the A72 cores. You find older Intel i5 processors made with 32nm, and they are faster, but also consume a lot more energy.. (Posts: 1543; Member since: 16 Feb 2012). posted on 03 Jun 2016, 06:15. in response to #62 Hide. Yes, but again, SD 810 and 808 are LAST YEAR SoCs, and nowadays only worth of medium/high phones, not flagships. So if you put a price for a phone as if it is a flagship, you should put a SoC that can compete with that. And the SD 650 just can not compete with CURRENT high end SoCs. IMHO that's not in the range of "It holds its own quite well". (Posts: 5787; Member since: 16 Mar 2013). posted on 03 Jun 2016, 15:13. in response to #71 Hide. So I guess the iPhone 6/6s is midrange too, because it came out last year as well right. So why doesn't it have a mid range price?. Then you try to bring up the worst metric of a single core geekbench 3 test. There is no app or OS that uses a single core. Plus the 650 scores higher than the 808. (Posts: 1867; Member since: 16 Jan 2011). posted on 03 Jun 2016, 22:54. in response to #78 Hide. The iPhone 6/6S isn't even worthy of mid range specs. More like a Samsung J series $99 phone..... (Posts: 1543; Member since: 16 Feb 2012). posted on 04 Jun 2016, 03:51. in response to #78 Hide. If you ignore that the single thread performance is one of the most important metrics in CPU benchmarking, I think we can end the conversation here because I prefer not to patronize you. Now let us check that metric for the iphone 6s:. Geekbench A9 in the 6S: 2500. And that is just an example, you can do that wit multithread, with GPU results, etc... the SD 650 fails short in every metric compared with the 2016 SoCs (Exynos 8890, SD 820, Kirin 950) or even last years A9. The SD 808-810 failed last year, and the SD 650 does not compete with those failures, but with the new processors.. (Posts: 168; Member since: 14 Aug 2012). posted on 05 Jun 2016, 01:38. in response to #78 Hide. @sgodsell , you forget one important fact while comparing the pricing of Xperia X and iPhone 6s. Apple develop their own OS , their own CPU and assist in the development of GPU. All these ,on their own ,add to the cost of the device. Sony on the other hand , gets a ready-made CPU from Qualcomm and ready-made FREE software from Google. They just as some fine touches on the s/w side and a little optimization (if any) on the hardware side. So there is absolutely no reason to price their mid range device so very high.. (Posts: 5029; Member since: 30 Mar 2015). posted on 03 Jun 2016, 15:51. in response to #71 Hide. SD820 phone usualy cost more than this. i would say this phone clasiffy as high mid ranger. Phone price come from more than just hardware because otherwise iphone would be mid ranger thats are super overpriced. Also ppl need to start testing the phone and using them before speaking. So many liar say the SD615 in moto x play is slow. Well why i can play game like Real racing 3 and world of tank whitout stutter and slow down?. RR3 run at 60 fps steady world of tank between 41 and 60 fps. Its also butter smooth for internet navigation and UI usage. Only place i saw it to be slower is opening app its take 1 second more than current gen flagship. So if its waterproof and made with quality material the price is not so bad. Sure could be better if 50-100$ less but its not thats high compared to what some OEM do.. (Posts: 1543; Member since: 16 Feb 2012). posted on 04 Jun 2016, 04:01. in response to #81 Hide. I am no saying it is slow, a SD 615 is very well in range of the SD 801 of my Nexus 5 and I am quite OK with it. But I am already searching for a replacement, and SD 6XX are not in my list, because they are slower than the latest SoCs and I tend to use my phones a lot and for a long time so I prefer to by them "as future proof as possible" if such thing exists. I know most of SD820 cost more than $550, but there are also several options for less, and that is where this phone has a problem. I am of the opinion that there is not really such a thing as a bad phone, there are just bad prices for a phone. And IMHO this one should be at least $100 cheaper.. posted on 05 Jun 2016, 03:33. in response to #62 Hide. You can get a 128gb nexus 6p new for $50 cheaper. This phone has no legs to stand on. (Posts: 1280; Member since: 27 Feb 2014). posted on 03 Jun 2016, 01:35. in response to #51 Hide. Classic scoring when it comes to Sony phones.. The only cons of this phone is the price. Everything else is in between a mid range and a flagship device in terms of performance, camera, audio and baterry life.. (Posts: 236; Member since: 16 Feb 2013). posted on 02 Jun 2016, 11:51. I knew the sh*tstorm was gonna happen with the new Xperia... Sony should just give up at this point. At least it tried something new and apparently this was the ultimate effort with the new X series which turned out to be worse than the Z series.. (Posts: 1524; Member since: 02 Jun 2014). posted on 02 Jun 2016, 17:06. Screen is belong to lower end phone Inaccurate color and low contrast. I might consider this phone if it had Amoled.. (Posts: 465; Member since: 15 Jul 2014). posted on 03 Jun 2016, 02:37. Sony includes a RGB control panel in display settings. Just move the R and G sliders to around 125 each and you get great 6800K color temp and if you want precision you can move it up to 155 150 respectively. (Posts: 5029; Member since: 30 Mar 2015). posted on 03 Jun 2016, 15:53. in response to #64 Hide. Yeah its even better than Samsung way of doing it because you can really change them to your liking and not just preset like on S7 ect. But SamsungArena did not want to give the full capacity of the phone so they just take what come out of the box but in Samsung review they talk about the feature to change color accuracy... (Posts: 1524; Member since: 02 Jun 2014). posted on 03 Jun 2016, 22:39. in response to #64 Hide. And that slider can hurt contrast even more. I'm fine with slight inaccurate color but contrast is my first priority, which mean I would never go back to lcd... (Posts: 3780; Member since: 03 Oct 2015). posted on 03 Jun 2016, 06:27. It's not the flagship so who cares.. (Posts: 3780; Member since: 03 Oct 2015). posted on 03 Jun 2016, 06:28. Even the guy's at anandtech don't like the X so far http://www.anandtech.com/show/ 10381/the-sony-xperia-x-preview. (Posts: 9; Member since: 12 May 2016). posted on 05 Jun 2016, 23:22. I mean, what would you score it?. posted on 02 Jun 2016, 09:45. The price single handedly kills this phone.. posted on 02 Jun 2016, 09:48. Oops! Somebody did not get invited to japan last month. * Some comments have been hidden, because they don't meet the discussions rules.. 1 2 3 4 Next ». Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 5.0 inches, 1080 x 1920 pixels (441 ppi) IPS LCD. Size 5.63 x 2.72 x 0.30 inches (143 x 69 x 7.7 mm). Battery 2620 mAh, 10 hours talk time. Qualcomm Snapdragon 650, Hexa-core, 1800 MHz, ARM Cortex-A72 and ARM Cortex-A53 processor 3 GB RAM. $210 Buy. $480 Buy. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The Sony Xperia X was announced at MWC 2016. It features a curved 5" Full HD IPS LCD display, hexacore 1.8GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 processor, and 3GB of RAM. it comes with either 32GB or 64GB internal storage, with a further 200GB available using microSD. The Xperia X 23mm shooter has a 23MP sensor with f/2.0 aperture, 1080p video and phase detection autofocus. The front shooter has a 22mm 13MP sensor with f/2.0 aperture. other notable features include a fingerprint reader, 2620mAh non-removable battery, and an optional dual-SIM model.. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Sony Xperia X Real Life Review. Sony Xperia X Questions & Answers. Sony Xperia X Guides, News, & Discussion. Sony Xperia X ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Sony Xperia X Themes, Apps, and Mods. Sony Xperia X Real Life Review Sony Xperia X Questions & Answers Sony Xperia X Guides, News, & Discussion Sony Xperia X ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Sony Xperia X Themes, Apps, and Mods Sony Xperia X Accessories. Most Active Sony Xperia X Topics. Android 8.0 will be available for Xperia X. Sony Xperia X Real Life Review. More Sony Xperia X Real Life Review Threads. Sony Xperia X Questions & Answers. Upgrade via OTA to OREO terrible draining battery!!!. new oreo firm (34.4.A.0.364) can't installed with flashtool. Google Camera Mod for Xperia X?. More Sony Xperia X Questions & Answers Threads. Sony Xperia X Guides, News, & Discussion. Root Xperia X (F5121,F5122) {OREO} 34.4.A.0.364 - 5feb18. Android 8.0.0 Oreo released for XPERIA X (review and FTF). Android 8.0 will be available for Xperia X. Why Sony Xperia X have very large Android system?. Sony Xperia X Oreo 8.0 Update Official Check out Speed Test Android Oreo vs Nougat. More Sony Xperia X Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. Sony Xperia X ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Sony™X F5121 Downgrade Or Update 8.0.0/7.1.1/7.0.0/6.0.1 Firmware Collection (2018). {ROM}{UB}Xperia POISON STABLE v2.4 for XX f5121/5122 Aroma Installer. [Recovery] TWRP 3.1.1 for Xperia X. More Sony Xperia X ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. Sony Xperia X Themes, Apps, and Mods. Xperia™ X [ROOT] MOD Flashable Zip - CameraUI Slow Motion Eye™ Camera. OREO/Nougat Sound Boost Like Nougat 7.0. [THEME] White X Theme For Free. More Sony Xperia X Themes, Apps, and Mods Threads. Xperia X and XP Screen Size. Red Fixed case for Sony XPERIA X. More Sony Xperia X Accessories Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Sony's Xperia X won't exceed expectations, but it's still a fine phone. Sony’s Xperia X is a great phone, but it’s just too expensive to recommend.. Sony’s Xperia X is a great phone, but it’s just too expensive to recommend.. Sony’s Xperia X is a great phone, but it’s just too expensive to recommend.. Expensive compared to other phones ($550). Quality software, we’re hopeful on updates. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. The Xperia X might be the most comfortable Sony phone I’ve ever held. It retains many of the best design elements we’ve come to like in Sony’s Xperia Z phones, but sheds a lot of the baggage, too. Unfortunately, as much as I like it, the $550 price is just too high. You can get better (or equal) phones for hundreds of dollars cheaper.. So far, we’ve tested the standard Xperia X: Sony’s middle of the road model, and the first one to hit the United States. Two more models — the weaker XA and the more powerful X Performance. – will hit shelves later this summer. They look mostly identical on the outside, but have some differences on the inside.. Sony has really stepped up its design with the Xperia X. At first glance, it may look like older Xperia Z phones, but there are some nice upgrades that make it a lot more comfortable to hold. The first change is screen size. By shrinking it from 5.2 to 5.0 inches, the phone feels a lot more comfortable in your hand (this, of course, depends on your hands). In our experience, the size better matches the iPhone 6S, which makes it a good alternative to many of the giant phones on the market.. The breakable, slippery, fingerprint-prone glass on the back of the phone is also gone now, replaced with a metal backplate. The sides are curved polycarbonate, but so closely resemble metal, we couldn’t tell. Those plastic sides eliminate nearly all seams and make it softer to hold. And despite having a 23-megapixel camera, the module sits almost flush on the upper left corner of the phone.. On the front, the glass now curves over the edges. This makes it look nicer, like the iPhone, but will also make it a little less durable. We recommend investing in an Xperia X case , if you buy the phone.. Sony’s button placement, like the Z5, is odd, but works. All buttons are on the right side, starting with a large power button in the middle, then under it a volume rocker, and under that a camera shutter button. Yes, Sony is one of the only companies that puts a shutter button up there, but we like it! Holding the shutter button will automatically open the app.. On the left side, a pull-out drawer hides both MicroSD and Nano SIM cards. Unlike the iPhone and other devices, you do not need a paperclip to open this tray — another subtle perk. The extra color choices – white, lime gold, rose gold, and graphite — are also nice.. There are a few features you may want that are missing or in odd places on the Xperia X.. If you live anywhere outside the United States, your power button will double as a fingerprint sensor. Sadly, and for what we only assume are legal or security reasons, Sony has disabled this feature on the Xperia Z5. and now the X Series phones. Representatives told us this feature is something Sony wants to include in future devices but just didn’t have “enough time.” Sad.. Now that most phones sport fast fingerprint sensors, we’ve been very annoyed having to go back to unlock a phone with a PIN code. You really need security on your lock screen, so if a PIN doesn’t work for you, we suggest buying another phone.. If you’re expecting the Xperia X to be IP68 waterproof like the entire Z series, have a seat. I have some bad news for you. Sony is only waterproofing the more expensive, $700 Xperia X Performance, from what we understand. So this is yet another phone that should stay in a dry place at all times. We have no idea how water resistant it is, but it hasn’t passed any tests to prove so.. For some reason, Sony still places the audio jack on the top of the Xperia X instead of the bottom, where most other phones now sport it. A jack at the bottom makes it easy to naturally pocket your phone with headphones still connected.. Finally, the speaker quality on the X is also weak. It doesn’t match the volume of an iPhone or high-end Android and sounds tinny. No phone has good sound, but we’d rate the X lower than others, especially quality handsets like the HTC 10 .. In a change of pace, Sony has scaled back its software. The X comes with an almost pure Google version of Android 6.0 Marshmallow. This is fantastic because the standard Googley version of Android looks pretty damn good these days. Sony has made a few improvements in simple ways, which we like. For example, you can swipe down on the home screen to search through your apps. Or, if you go into the apps menu, you can see recent apps and even hold down to make it possible to delete any app with one tap. Both of these features are very iPhone-like, but helpful.. Sony should also get a medal for flexibility: You can delete almost any non-essential app, including many Sony and Google apps. This doesn’t quite make it easy to deal with the nearly 12GB of storage space taken up by basic services, but it’s a good start.. Sony’s themes and wallpaper choices also aren’t too bad. We didn’t mess around much, but it’s always good to have a few choices.. In an effort to combat the lack of a fingerprint sensor, I turned on a hidden feature in Sony’s settings menu to turn on the screen with a double tap. This feature is nice, but the phone started opening up randomly in my pocket. I had similar problems with Sony’s trusted device/place software, which couldn’t reliably tell if I was home or at work, forcing me to unlock with a PIN code all the time.. Sony Xperia X Compared To. Sony has made an effort to update many of its phones in the last two years to Android 6.0 Marshmallow, and we hope it will keep that promise going to Xperia X owners, and also deliver regular security updates. As it stands, we’re not sure.. The cameras on the Xperia X sound amazing on paper. On the back is a 23-megapixel f/2.0 shooter and on the front a 13-megapixel selfie cam. Like most mid-range phones these days, both cameras get the job done and are comparable to offerings from other manufacturers. But if you’re looking for a really good camera, don’t let the megapixels fool you. Sony’s cameras still don’t match the Galaxy S7 or iPhone 6S in our tests.. The selfie cam tends to have slow autofocusing at times, and doesn’t quite match up to the 5-megapixel shooter on the Galaxy S7. Meanwhile, in low light, the Xperia X tends to really take some screwy shots. Most of our low-light shots either turned out way too blue (if natural window light was involved) or too blurry and blotchy. That’s not to say the iPhone turned out shots much better, but Apple’s shots do tend to match reality more than usual.. Oddly, Sony sets the rear camera to 8-megapixels by default, likely due to the lack of storage space in the X, but you can adjust it in settings. We like the optional filters and manual mode, but the default Intelligent Auto+ mode does make some mistakes from time to time.. Again, in normal light and most conditions, this camera holds up. It’s certainly up to par with a Motorola device, but we’re hoping a better processor helps the Xperia X Performance work its photos with more clarity.. Fingerprint issues aside, weak specs are ultimately the reason you should consider another phone. It runs perfectly and I’ve had no slow down, but under that glossy exterior is an aging processor.. The Xperia X runs on a Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 chip with 3GB of RAM. In our 3D Mark benchmark tests, the X got about an 18,200 on the Ice Storm Unlimited test and 850 on the newer Slingshot test, putting it in line with many high-end 2014 phones, including the HTC One M7/M8 and LG G3. In Geekbench, it had scores that put it about on level with last year’s Galaxy S6. It means the shelf-life of your Xperia X, despite its high $550 price, may be less than other comparable phones.. The Xperia X is good looking, runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS, and is comfortable to hold.. Some positives: The MicroSD card slot means storage isn’t as big a problem as it is on other phones, and we’re big fans of the 5-inch 1,920 x 1,080 pixel IPS LCD screen. There’s just no real need to have more pixels because they harm battery life. And on that note, battery life for the non-removable 2,620mAh battery is pretty good! After several days of stress testing, the battery still ended the day at 13 percent at its lowest. On a normal day, you should end with 20-40 percent battery life, and Sony’s battery-boosting modes do seem to really help in a pinch.. Call quality is normal, though we’ve had a couple out of the ordinary unclear calls in our first couple days. It’s not a consistent enough problem to knock the phone yet, since our service provider, T-Mobile, is affordable but not always the clearest. Since you have to buy it unlocked from Sony, Best Buy, Amazon, or other online retailers, you can only use the Xperia X on T-Mobile and AT&T.. Sony offers a normal one-year limited warranty that covers manufacturer defects, but not issues caused by dropping damaging the phone yourself.. Sony’s Xperia X is a good looking phone that runs an up-to-date and easy-to-use Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS, and it’s comfortable to hold. The camera isn’t perfect, but is also very good and the shutter button is a nice touch.. But at $550, and more in euros, you can do a lot better with your money. The Snapdragon 650 processor in the X is weak compared to other phones in the price range, like the Nexus 6P , which also has a fingerprint sensor – something the X lacks in the United States. Google also offers immediate updates, but Sony’s update record is spotty. The Moto X is also down to $300, but has a better processor, larger screen, and some nice customization options.. The Xperia X Performance may be a better pick, but we haven’t been able to review that yet. It will start at $700 and have the new high-end Snapdragon 820 chip in it and a few other upgrades, though it will look just like this phone.. Looking to save even more? You can read up on some of our other favorite cheap phones here .. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 396 results for "Sony Xperia X". See all results for Sony Xperia X .. Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Product Features 13 MP front-facing camera with a Sony 22mm wide-angle lens. Sony Xperia X F5122 64GB Black, 5.0", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Snapdragon 650, CPU: Hexa-core (4 x 1.4 GHz Cortex-A53 & 2x1.8 GHz .... Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB White (US Warranty). Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. $134.99 (9 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Product Features 13 MP front-facing camera with a Sony 22mm wide-angle lens. Sony Xperia X Performance unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty). Only 13 left in stock - order soon.. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Sony Exmor RS 23 MP camera with Quick Launch <0.6s capture. Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Mist Blue (US Warranty). $227.34 (9 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Whether you're using your Xperia smartphone with Wi-Fi or out and about .... Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Only 12 left in stock - order soon.. $219.00 (8 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Whether you're using your Xperia smartphone with Wi-Fi or out and about .... Sony Xperia X Performance unlocked smartphone,32GB Lime Gold (US Warranty). $203.99 (7 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Sony Exmor RS 23 MP camera with Quick Launch <0.6s capture. Sony Xperia X F5121 32GB 5 Inch 13MP/23MP 4G LTE Factory Unlocked - International Stock (BLACK). Only 18 left in stock - order soon.. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. LCD Capacitive Touchscreen, 1080 x 1920 pixel resolution (~441ppi .... Sony Xperia XA1 - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). $162.88 (35 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Sony Xperia X F5121 32GB GSM 23MP Camera Phone - Graphite Black (Certified Refurbished). Only 10 left in stock - order soon.. The Sony smartphone that sets the standard for fast and intelligent .... Sony Xperia XA unlocked smartphone,16GB Black (US Warranty). Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. $95.57 (31 used &amp new offers). Sony Exmor R 8MP front-facing camera with a wide angle lens that fits .... Original Sony Style Cover Touch SCR56 for Xperia X Performance (Graphite Black). Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Product Description XPERIA XP BLACK. Sony Xperia X Performance unlocked smartphone,32GB White (US Warranty). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Sony Exmor RS 23 MP camera with Quick Launch <0.6s capture. Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 32GB 4.6 Inch 23MP 4G LTE FACTORY UNLOCKED - International Stock No Warranty (UNIVERSE BLACK). Sony Xperia X Performance unlocked smartphone,32GB Rose Gold (US Warranty). Only 13 left in stock - order soon.. $239.77 (10 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Sony Exmor RS 23 MP camera with Quick Launch <0.6s capture. Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Rose Gold (US Warranty). $269.99 (5 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Product Features 13 MP front-facing camera with a Sony 22mm wide-angle lens. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. Be part of the largest Android community. Already registered? Log in here. Sony Xperia X review: high price for mid-range. US price and release date announced. The new Sony Xperia X arrives alongside the XA and,. the X Performance, a trio that slays the. The Xperia X is the middle child of the three new models, and its market positioning is complicated: it's more expensive than its predecessor, the Z5, but technically less lavish. Here we take a close look at the Xperia X’s strengths and weaknesses.. ✓ Slightly above average battery life. ✕ Camera mode uses a lot of power. Sony Xperia X release date and price. The Sony Xperia X release date in the US is June 26 and it will come with 32 GB of internal memory and in four color variants: rose gold, lime gold, black and white. Whichever color you choose, the Xperia X price is. The device will soon be available to pre-order. from Amazon , Best Buy , B&H Photo Video and Reagan Wireless , and will arrive with a free 128 GB MicroSD. If you are willing to purchase without a contract, you should keep the Xperia Z5 in mind as an alternative. as it costs roughly the same amount , has better gaming performance and is water-resistant.. Sony Xperia X design and build quality. The Xperia X is not as slippery as the Xperia Z5. The Xperia X: unmistakably Sony / © ANDROIDPIT. The MicroSD card slot is not waterproof this time around. The design of the Xperia X marks an improvement over its predecessors. It feels less angular than the Xperia Z5 and its glass back sees the addition of a layer of non-slip coating. Thus Sony addresses important weaknesses while maintaining the brand's signature design aesthetic, ensuring that the device is easily recognizable. Unfortunately, Sony ditches water resistance, reserving this benefit for the beefier Xperia X Performance model.. The Xperia X maintains Sony’s well known design language, Omni-Balance. The Xperia X thus has a smooth rear with a round-edged aluminum frame.. The buttons are mounted exactly where they are on the Sony Xperia Z5. and physical camera button are found on the right side. While on the left side of the frame, you will find the SIM and microSD card slots. the latter, the 32 GB of internal memory can be expanded to up to 200 GB.. Although little has changed, appearance-wise, on this 5-inch smartphone, the Sony Xperia X still makes a good impression.. The Xperia X's display is superb, as you'd expect from Sony. Sony relies on a Full HD Triluminos display. Its maximum brightness is an above-average 700 candelas per square meter, so it remains readable even in bright sunlight. Automatic adjustments and optimizations provide good contrast and saturated colors.. The Xperia X runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow out of the box. The Xperia X leaves the factory running Android 6.0.1 marshmallow. This will please many Xperia users who do not yet have the latest Android update. It also comes with Sony’s in-house UI, Xperia UI, slathered over the top. The software is loaded with several apps, many of which you probably won’t use, and none of which you can uninstall.. The Xperia X is expected to see monthly security updates into 2018. Also, it is expected that the smartphone will be an early adopter of Android N. After all, Sony is one of the first OEMs to participate in the Developer Preview of the new version of Android with the Xperia Z3.. Sony’s Xperia UI provides a special phone and contacts app, a different email client, and Stamina mode, which is designed to save power. Furthermore, in the Settings menu, you will find special memory optimizations that automatically clear the app cache for you and free up space. Most of these extensions are useful; however, being able to uninstall all the pre-installed apps would be a very welcome option.. The gaming performance of the Xperia X is lacking. Sony has done a good job of optimizing the performance on the Xperia X. The operating speed in everyday life is extremely fast. Benchmarks show, however, that the gaming performance is only about half as good as on the Xperia Z5.. The Sony Xperia X is powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 650, which is technically very similar to the Snapdragon 808, with two sets of high-speed cores. It has powerful Cortex-A72 architecture, however, which is not to be found in the Snapdragon 808. Therefore, the CPU performance in some applications is an improvement over the Snapdragon 808; graphics performance is, however, significantly lower. 3 GB of RAM and 32 GB of internal memory set this device more in the mid-range, and do not offer. enough for an asking price of 599 EUR.. The Xperia X has loud, forward-facing stereo speakers. The sound quality is good and YouTube videos and video conferences both sound clear. The included headset sounds very good, being well shielded from outside noise. Thanks to several microphones and noise suppression, calls are clear and intelligible.. 23 MP, Exmor RS, f/2.0 / © ANDROIDPIT. The details in daylights shots give Xperia X photos a painterly appearance. 13 MP, Exmor R, f/2.0 / © ANDROIDPIT. The camera app is a glorified app market. The main camera of the Xperia X takes true-color, high-contrast images that look great at first glance. It also shoots above average videos thanks to reliable stabilization. conditions, the images may come out blurred. The selfie cam makes exceptionally detailed images, but fails in backlit surroundings.. In daylight, the 23 MP main camera takes stunning images with painterly qualities. Details can become washed out, but the results, for a smartphone camera, are very strong. Videos are a highlight, as they come out very steady thanks to digital stabilization. So you can record yourself walking and the video looks like you’re travelling on rails.. The selfie camera leaves a mixed impression unfortunately. stabilization, like that found in the HTC 10, is missing. Secondly, the 13 MP camera takes the most detailed and most saturated selfies I have seen for some time. But then it fails in backlit conditions. In Sony’s defense, I have only taken successful. backlit selfies using the iPhone SE; even the highly acclaimed Galaxy S7 Edge falls short in this area.. Browse our test images in full resolution:. The camera app, as always with Sony, is more of a marketplace. You can add to it, with free and paid apps, things such as more camera effects. However, since the camera saps a lot of battery, we advise against the constant use of the device as a camera phone, unless you have a power bank to hand.. the Sony Xperia X, under heavy use, is around one-and-a-half days. time is approximately seven hours, which is not bad, but still well below Sony’s two-day battery life claim, which. is only theoretically achievable with moderate use of a weakly illuminated display.. The Sony Xperia X is equipped with a 2,620-mAh battery, which has a quick charge function. You can continue to use any Sony accessories you might have: the Xperia X is charged through a Micro-A port. In under two hours, the battery is fully charged. Using the camera app with a bright display will see the battery discharge at about the same rate.. 143 x 69 x 7.7 mm. 1920 x 1080 pixels (441 ppi). The Sony Xperia X out of place. Its formidable predecessor, the Xperia Z5 may be disappearing from store shelves, but it remains in our memory, and it. is clearly a better purchase than the Xperia X, thanks to a lower price, better performance and water-resistance. The battery is also larger on the older device,. better, placing a decisive cherry atop the icing on the cake.. This is not Sony Xperia phone! I own Z5 Premium and I can tell that X Performance is downgrade, my next smart phone will be the upcoming Samsung Note 7. Gaming performance can't be better, the battery lasts more than the galaxy S7, for instance, which is 200$ more expensive. And has the best camera ever.. Your comment sucks, this review is right. And no the camera is good at best, definitely not great. I've got a z5 and it's very good never had any problems with Sony experia range and the z series were as good a phone as you could get,but i definitely won't be buying a x series not even if i could get hold of the xperformance just not worth it,one question to Sony where the hell are you going?. Sony shoots self in foot again... they could be so great if a) they weren't so greedy and b) just got some basics right. Why did the z5 not sell, it was one year to late.. I think the X series , best suits my needs. A great camera and perfect size!!! *I should start saving* lol. That sounds interesting Omar!Great Article thanks for Posting :). £549..!!! mid range that's gotta be a joke right.. couple of months ago I paid towards my daughter's Z5 premium, which was just under £450 for a UK spec device with full warranty.. MWC 2018 live updates: Sony's Xperia gets a makeover. * Please enter a valid email address. Almost done! Check your email to confirm your subscription.. Magazine – Current Android news. Deals – Save money on the best Android gear, accessories and software. Reviews – Android hardware reviews, tips and news. Community – Join in with the world's largest Android community. This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. xperia z htc one xperia z1 xperia x10a xperia u sony xperia x xperia s sony xperia z xperia l xperia z case sony experia z xperia z ultra. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. Save xperia x to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow xperia x to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Sony Xperia X Android F5121 32GB - Black (Unlocked) 7/10 Dent in the back. Sony XPERIA X Dual F5122 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB , 23MP - White / Black / Gold. OTB TPU Case Mobile Cover Protective for Phone Sony Xperia X Compact Black NEW. For Sony Xperia X Compact Case Hard Slim Kickstand Protective Phone Cover. SONY XPERIA X F5121 SS BLACK/WHITE 32GB SINGLE SIM FACTORY UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE. Sony Xperia X F5121 32GB Unlocked GSM LTE Hexa-Core Android Phone - Lime Gold. 2 new & refurbished from $189.95. Sony XPERIA X Performance Dual F8132 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB - White/Black/ Gold. New Original Sony Xperia X F5121 32GB GSM Unlocked 4G LTE 23MP Smartphone. Sony XPERIA X F5121 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 32GB , 23MP - White / Black / Gold. OPEN BOX - Sony XPERIA X Performance Dual F8132 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB - Black. 5.0" Original Sony Xperia X F5121 Unlocked 3GB+32GB GSM 3G/4G LTE 23MP Fingerpri. New Sony Xperia X Performance F8132 64GB 3GB Ram 23MP Dual+Gift. Ultra Slim Heavy-Duty Armor Dual Layer Stand Case For Sony Xperia X, F5121 F5122. Black Slim Matte Hard Case Cover Skin Back For Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 4.6". Sony Xperia X F5121 - 32GB - Lime Gold GSM Unlocked NO CDMA Smartphone OPENBOX. 2 new & refurbished from $189.95. USED Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 32GB LTE Factory Unlocked Smartphone Black. SONY SOV33 XPERIA X PERFORMANCE ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED JPN ROSE GOLD. Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 - 32GB - Black (Factory Unlocked) Smartphone. SONY SOV33 XPERIA X PERFORMANCE ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED JAPAN BLACK. Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 - 32GB - Graphite Black (Rogers) See Pics (7883). SONY SOV33 XPERIA X PERFORMANCE ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED JAPAN WHITE. Xperia Z1 Compact Shock Proof Heavy Duty Tough Case Cover + Screen Protector. Leather Vertical Case Pouch Holster+Belt Clip for Sony Xperia Z3 Z5 X Compact. Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 Original factory unlocked smartphone Quad core. Sony Xperia X F5121 - 32GB - Lime Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $189.95. SONY Xperia X Android Smartphone 32GB NFC LTE 23MP White 3GB Best Gitf Genuine. Sony Xperia X F5122 Black 3GB RAM 5" DUAL SIM 64GB 23MP Phone By FedEx. 3 new & refurbished from $303.00. Sony Xperia X Performance F8132 White 64GB 5'' DUAL SIM Android Phone By FedEx. Sony Xperia X Performance F8132 Black 64GB 5'' DUAL SIM Android Phone By FedEx. Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 - 32GB - Mist Blue (Unlocked) Smartphone. 23MP 5.0" Sony Xperia X F5121 Single SIM Hexa-Core 3GB RAM Smartphone. UNLOCKED Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Smartphone Black. Sony Xperia X Compact - 32GB - Universe Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Sony XPERIA X Performance F8131 Unlocked GSM 4G Smartphone Black - Refurbished. For Sony Xperia XA / L1 / X Phone Wallet Genuine Stand Leather Full Cover Case. Sony Xperia Xz Premium (5.5Inch) Waterproof Case, Love Mei Armor Tank Heavy Duty. UNLOCKED Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Smartphone White. Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32G B Rose Gold. Sony Xperia X F5121 Single SIM 23MP 5.0" Original Phone Hexa-Core 3GB RAM WIFI. Mobile phone Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32G B Black (US Warranty). 2 new & refurbished from $280.81. Docomo Xperia X Performance SO-04H Black Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. Docomo Xperia X Z5 Premium SO-03H Black Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. Sony Ericsson Xperia X1,unlocked, (X1) Windows Mobile Phone, New other, silver. 2 new & refurbished from $118.00. Open Box - Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 32GB-3MP LTE Factory Unlocked Smartphone. Original Unlocked Sony Ericsson xperia X10 X10i Android OS 3G Wifi Bluetooth 8MP. (Unlocked) Sony Xperia X F5122 Dual Sim 4G 64GB Black/White/Li me Gold Fedex/DHL. 3 new & refurbished from $303.00. 5.0" Original Sony Xperia X Performance F8131 Smartphone 4G Unlocked GPS WIFI. Sony Xperia X 4G 23MP Camera 5" FHD Smartphone Black AU warranty. Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 mini E10i E10 5MP 2.55" Screen 3G WIFI GPS Android. SONY SOV33 XPERIA X PERFORMANCE ANDROID PHONE SMARTPHONE UNLOCKED JPN LIME GOLD. Unlocked Sony Ericsson Xperia X8 GSM Android Smartphone White. Docomo Xperia X Z5 Premium SO-03H Chrome Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. Sony Xperia X Dual F5122 5" 64GB Android 3MP Camera Unlocked Smartphone original. Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY R800x - 1GB - Black (Verizon) Smartphone with case. 2 new & refurbished from $37.99. Docomo Xperia X Performance SO-04H White Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. BNIB SONY XPERIA X F5121 32GB WHITE FACTORY UNLOCKED SINGLE SIM 4G LTE GSM NEW. Mercury Fancy Diary Leather Credit Card Wallet Flip Cover Case For Sony Xperia Z. Sony Xperia XA Case Elegant Light Weight Crystal Design Flower White Transparent. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guarantee. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Please help us improve our website. Take our customer survey to evaluate your visit.. It should only take a few minutes to answer five quick questions. Just click the Launch survey button at the end of your visit to begin.. Explore the world of Sony Apps and Services.. Your ticket to the biggest hits and hottest shows. Personalise your Xperia, keep it safe and more. Xperia™ X Always one step ahead. The smartphone camera that predicts the next move. Xperia X Camera For unexpectedly beautiful moments. The most shareable moments tend to be the hardest to capture. To help you get the shots you want, we made our flagship camera faster and smarter than ever – with quicker response times and even more intelligent focus.. Future-focused Our smartest camera predicts movement for sharper pictures. Xperia X’s Smart Capture technology helps you getting clear pictures. Enabled by Sony’s new Predictive Hybrid Autofocus, Smart Capture lets you choose a person or object and automatically track it. Now your subject stays in focus, even when moving, and the most unpredictable scenes come out in the sharpest detail.. See shots taken with Xperia X. World’s Best Autofocus on a Moving Object* Technical Test. *Sony Xperia X outperformed all leading global competitors and delivered the most accurate autofocus performance in this assessment.. Blink and you’ll get it The 23 MP camera for the fastest moments. Our fastest camera yet goes from standby to capture in less than 0.6 seconds. With the quick start up, lightning speed Hybrid Autofocus and faster image processing, you can capture the most spontaneous moments.. The selfie cam that outshines the rest. Low-light selfies aren’t easy, but Xperia X was built for the challenge. With 13 megapixels and Sony’s renowned low-light sensors, this is the front camera for round-the-clock sharpness.. Up your selfie game Personalise your selfies with AR Effects. Stay one step ahead in the selfie game with our AR Effects app, which gives you the power to snap yourself in incredible virtual scenes, add in new characters, and make the impossible a reality!. The fantastic predictive hybrid autofocus tech keeps your subject sharp even when they’re jumping around like a loon.. See what Recombu has to say. The autofocus on Xperia X anticipated the dogs' movement and meant the images always came out without any blur.. Xperia X Design No wonder you want to spend time with it. Crafted with a seamless metal back, the Xperia X is an undeniable stunner. And with the curved glass edges of its display and perfect 5” size, it’s as much a pleasure to hold as behold.. Fits life like a glove Design that blurs the lines between you and your phone. We’ve designed Xperia X to comfortably fit your hand, your routines and your taste. We’ve refined the user interface to make it more intuitive than ever, and continued with a form that makes a statement with its simplicity. Choose from four colours – Graphite black, White, Lime Gold or Rose Gold. Each one has been chosen to complement your personal style without taking over.. The fingerprint sensor on Xperia X is placed on the side of the phone, so you can pick up and unlock in one movement.. Xperia X has a tone-on-tone approach, with continuous colour on front and back and a lock screen in the same hue.. Xperia X Battery A better battery IQ. Xperia X boasts Sony’s Smart Battery Management that brings you up to two days battery life and longer battery lifespan.. Battery life that keeps you charged for days. There’s never a good time for your phone to quit. Whether you’re mid-run, or deep in a group chat. Xperia X’s marathon battery brings you up to two days 1 of power from every charge, so you can do what you love for longer. Explore more, connect more, and skip the charger in your overnight bag.. Not only is battery life longer than other smartphones, they also incorporate new technology to prolong the battery health over its lifetime.. Read the full article on Mashable. Keep your battery strong for longer Every charge is a vitamin kick for your phone. While most smartphone batteries quickly decline in strength, Xperia X delivers our longest battery lifespan. Ground-breaking Qnovo Adaptive Charging maintains battery health while charging.. With Hi-Res Audio and DNC support, you can hear music as it was meant to be heard and block out everything else.. Everything you see is more vivid on this Full HD display with Sony’s BRAVIA® TV technologies built in.. PS4™ Remote Play lets you access your PS4 console through your smartphone and keep playing in any room.. 23 MP camera with Predictive Hybrid Autofocus. 13 MP front camera for low-light selfies. 5” Full HD curved display More about display. Up to 2 days battery life 1. Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 650, 64-bit Hexa-core processor. SIM capability Single SIM, Nano SIM Memory and storage Up to 200 GB microSD™ card Weight 152g Dimensions 143 x 69 x 7.7mm Display 5" Full HD 1080p, TRILUMINOS Display for mobile, X-Reality for mobile, Dynamic Contrast Enhancement Camera 23MP, 1/2.3'' Exmor™ RS for mobile sensor, Quick launch , Predictive Hybrid AF, 5x Clear Image Zoom, 24mm G Lens F2.0, Low-light photography: ISO 12800 , Full HD 1080p Video Recording On the inside Google Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), Qualcomm® Snapdragon 650 Processor, 64-bit capable. Style Cover Touch SCR50 for Xperia X Use your phone through the cover. Style Cover Flip SCR52 for Xperia X Your phone’s perfect match. Style Cover SBC22 for Xperia X Stylish protection for your phone. Style Cover SBC20 for Xperia X The cover that doesn’t cover up. Micro USB Charging Dock DK52 Easy connect Effective charging. Quick Charger UCH12 Power up in no time. There’s so much to discover with Xperia: from smartphones, tablets and Smart Products to exclusive offers and content. We want to help you do more.. Switching to Xperia? Xperia Transfer Mobile makes it easy to move over all your content.. With exclusive access to the latest movies, music and games, it’s your ticket to a world of entertainment.. Everything you need to work smarter – discover the benefits of Xperia for business.. Your product will stay like new if you install the latest software. To get an email when it is time, simply register at My support.. Xperia™ Care has answers to almost anything you want to know about your product. Get help where you are, both in the device and online.. 1 Battery life has been measured against Sony Mobile Communications AB’s smartphone usage profile, defined in September 2014 to represent the typical smartphone user’s active condition, including, but not limited to a range of usage scenarios (calling, texting, web browsing, social networking, game playing, music listening, picture taking, picture browsing, online video watching, video recording and playback).. Support Product Support Contact Support Support forum Shopping Support Xperia About Xperia Smartphone photography Xperia in Business Xperia & Android Sony Mobile About us News & blog Sustainability Sony & other sites About Sony Developer World. Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Local channels. Copyright © 2011-2018 Sony Mobile Communications Inc. 
Sign up for our weekly newsletter!. News Reviews Articles Buying Guide Sample Images Videos Cameras Lenses Phones Printers Forums Galleries Challenges. Help DPReview: Take our visitor survey!. Brand index Sony Sony Mobile Phones. 5 ″ screen | 23 megapixels (rear) | 13 megapixels (front). Add this product to your shortlist for comparison. Discuss in the Android Talk forum. The Xperia X comes with a camera specification that is pretty much identical to the Xperia Z5 series but offers an improved AF system. A 23MP 1/2.3-inch Sony Exmor multi-aspect sensor is coupled with a F2.0 aperture in a wide angle lens with an equivalent focal length of 24mm. A new predictive AF system, developed in collaboration with the engineers in Sony's Alpha camera division allows for better subject tracking. Unlike on the Z5 there is no 4K video mode, and Xperia X videographers will be limited to 1080p Full-HD.. As before, camera shake in video mode is reduced via Sony's efficient SteadyShot digital video stabilization. The front camera uses a 13MP 1/3-inch sensor with F2.0 aperture, 22mm equivalent focal length and maximum ISO of 6400. Like the main camera it can also record digitally stabilized 1080p video. The Xperia X stays true to the no-frills design language of previous Xperia devices and comes with an all-metal body with curved glass covering the 5-inch 1080p display. The Android operating system is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 CPU and 3GB of RAM. There will be versions with 32 or 64GB of built-in storage that is expandable via a microSD slot.. Sony Xperia X puts focus on the camera. 153 g (5.40 oz ). 143 x 69 x 8 mm (5.62 x 2.73 x 0.31 ″ ). Sony Xperia X results on Amazon.com. Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty) $226.99 Shop now Sony Xperia X F5122 64GB Black, 5.0", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty $278.50 Shop now Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty) $329.99 Shop now Sony Xperia X F5121 32GB 5 Inch 13MP/23MP 4G LTE Factory Unlocked - International Stock (BLACK) $289.23 Shop now Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 32GB 4.6 Inch 23MP 4G LTE FACTORY UNLOCKED - International Stock No Warranty (UNIVERSE BLACK) $319.95 Shop now. Lost For Words! by wam7 from Humerous Animals Jimmy by bofo777 from Portrait of the groom. Olympus OM-D E-M10 III 2.9% Panasonic Lumix DC-GX9 2.8% Sony Alpha a6300 2.7% Canon EOS M6 2.6% Panasonic Lumix DC-GX850 (Lumix DC-GX800 / Lumix DC-GF9) 2.5% Pentax K-3 II 2.5% Panasonic Lumix DMC-GX85 (Lumix DMC-GX80 / Lumix DMC-GX7 Mark II) 2.4% Fujifilm X-T20 2.4% Canon EOS Rebel SL2 (EOS 200D / Kiss X9) 2.3% Nikon D5600 2.3%. Beginner's Guides Getting Started In-depth testing Latest Camera Reviews Beyond the studio tests Feature Articles and Videos see how we see Sample Galleries real world performance Field Test Videos Throwback Thursday Classic Cameras from Days Past What's that Noise? Shedding some light on the sources of noise. 138 Is printing dying? - Are prints obsolete? 107 *** This Week Through Your M4/3 2018.02.24 *** 102 X-H1 - "Theoria Apophasis" aka "Angry Photographer" was wrong about FUJI And IBIS and Touchscreen. 79 Won’t M50 doom current M5? 64 One camera, one lens 63 Do we really need IBIS / OIS... 63 Why I really respect Ken Wheeler aka Theoria Apophasis the Angry Photographer 62 What is your 2nd camera when travelling.. ?? 41 DSLR vs iPhone? 41 Sensor Dust 40 Hello Nikon, my old friend.... 37 PL 15mm actual FL? 36 Desktop Icons??? 36 Panasonic leica 15 f1.7 or lumix 14 f2.5, 20 f1.7 36 ♣ ♣ Bootstrap's Sunday 'Scapes ♣ ♣ 25 February 2018 35 New Sigma 105mm f/1.4 ART lens for FE mount! 34 On chip Phase Detect on the next EM-5 III? 33 ***02/25/18 to 03/04/18*** Weekly Show, Tell, and Critique 32 * Weekly X Series Photo Thread 25 FEB - 03 MAR ** 30 Does this seem like a reasonable move or will I regret it?. All content, design, and layout are Copyright © 1998 - 2018 Digital Photography Review All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or part in any form or medium without specific written permission is prohibited.. 
Sony Xperia X review: The Android workhorse. The first in Sony's new line of Android phones nails the core experience, but struggles to justify its hefty price tag.. Sony's first high-profile Android handset of 2016 is a perfectly good, if slightly boring phone. Most of the basics are well-executed, from the impressive display to the solid though understated build. It's a phone that performs well and comes with minimal distractions, and as such it lacks the wow-factor of other big-brand offerings. And in one crucial area — camera performance — the phone is let down by its less-powerful CPU.. Quick performance — most of the time. Decent photos from both front and rear cameras. buyers miss out on fingerprint security. More bang for your buck available elsewhere. Sony Xperia X Full Review. Sony Xperia X Video Review. In perhaps the most surprising announcement of this year's Mobile World Congress , Sony effectively drew a line under the past three years of Xperia smartphones. The Xperia Z brand is no more, and from its ashes is born Xperia X — a new series of phones focused on getting the fundamentals right, leaving the core Android experience alone, and layering on differentiating features where it makes sense.. It's a line we've heard from other manufacturers lately, most notably Motorola and HTC. And in general, this approach tends to produce pretty good Android phones.. Of course Sony needs more than just a good phone. For the Japanese firm, still on a downward trajectory, the bigger challenge is cracking the U.S. market — or at least getting a foot in the door. Time and again it's tried to play the U.S. carrier game, and time and again it's failed .. So with the growing trend away from subsidized phones, Sony's eyeing the unlocked market to get its latest devices into American hands. And this time it's doing so with a concurrent global launch, as opposed to making U.S. That's a good start, but can the Xperia X — by all accounts a phone which lacks the bleeding-edge specs of many rivals — stand out? Read on.. We're publishing this review after a week and a half with an unlocked U.S.-spec Sony Xperia X (model F5121) in Seattle, and in Taipei, Taiwan. In the U.S., we used the phone on T-Mobile; on Taipei, we popped in a Chunghwa Telecom SIM. In both countries, the phone had full 4G LTE coverage. For most of our time with the Xperia X, our unit was running software version 34.0.A.1.267, based on Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, with the March 2016 Android security patch.. A few hours before this review was scheduled to be published, our review unit received an over-the-air update to version 34.0.A.1.277. The update arrived with no specific changelog, and haven't noticed any significant differences thus far.. For the past three years, Sony has fielded an array of mostly identical black rectangles. From 2013's Xperia Z through to 2015's Xperia Z5, the overall look and feel of the company's high-end phones has been, to everyone but Sony connoisseurs, largely indistinguishable.. The Xperia X represents the biggest design change in a Sony flagship in years. It is, however, still another black rectangle.. For many people, a 5-inch diagonal still represents the sweet spot for one-handed phone use.. In terms of physical size, the new phone fits somewhere between Sony's "Compact" line and its full-sized Z-series. The X has a 5-inch screen, which is smaller than a lot of high-end Android phones, but for many still represents the sweet spot for one-handed use. And although the X has an angular appearance, the corners have been softened considerably, making for a comfortable grip.. In a break from the glass-sandwiched design of years plast, Sony brings a brushed aluminum back panel into the mix with the Xperia X, with rounded edges that mirror the "2.5D" glass used on the front. The sides are coated with a traditional polycarbonate trim, not unlike the Xperia Z5 Compact. And while the plastic helps with grip to a degree, the fact that your fingers are in contact mainly with plastic, not metal, means you're less aware of the premium finish. There's something about a metal back and plastic sides that seems a little back to front.. Sony keeps its buttons and ports in all the usual places — on the left edge there's a power button, volume rocker and dedicated camera key, which you can long-press to quickly hop into the camera app. The bottom edge houses the Micro-USB port, while the headphone jack lives up top. And after years of infuriatingly fiddly SIM trays, the Xperia X gets this small but important detail right, with a combined SIM and SD tray that can be freed using a fingernail.. At least not in the U.S.. In a baffling move for Sony, Xperia X buyers in the United States will miss out on a really important feature. Outside the U.S., the recessed power key doubles as a fingerprint scanner. That's not the case in the U.S. model — it's just a boring old button. Given how common this feature is becoming across the broader Android landscape — and how much Sony is charging for this thing — that's a big disappointment.. It's also disheartening to see Sony walking back from offering water resistance as standard, particularly as Samsung is starting to market this feature as a standout feature for its Galaxy phones. (You'll need to fork out $150 more to get this feature — it's available in the Xperia X Performance, the higher-specced, Snapdragon 820-powered variant.). The Xperia X isn't all about compromises though. The display is among the best 1080p LCDs we've seen in a phone, with ample brightness and colors that look vivid without appearing overblown. We've used the Xperia X under a lot of bright sunlight in our week or so of testing, and it's never disappointed. We're also not missing the lack of a 2K panel here — the 441 pixels per inch on offer is more than enough for text and photos to appear pin sharp.. Sony's audio credentials are equally impressive, with dual front-facing speakers producing audio that's loud and clear enough to be head over a moderate amount of background noise. And on the software side, Sony's DSEE HX works to upsample compressed music to near Hi-Res Audio quality.. Don't turn your nose up at what might seem a mid-level CPU — the Snapdragon 650 is more than powerful enough for most stuff.. On the inside, Sony takes an equally measured approach, using Qualcomm's latest mid-level chip, the Snapdragon 650. The 650 — a six-core CPU combining two high-powered Cortex-A72 cores with four low-power A53s, along with an Adreno 510 GPU — is a significant step up from the Snapdragon 615 which dominated mid-level Android phones in 2015. Combined with 3GB of RAM, this processor is easily fast enough to push Android 6.0 on a 1080p display without any lag or performance hitches. And similarly, apps are quick to load, and multitasking speedy through the standard recent apps menu.. The only thing you're really missing out on is extra performance grunt for very high-powered games — and, as we'll discuss later, you'll miss the additional number-crunching power when taking 23-megapixel images with the rear camera.. Sony packs an updated version of the Xperia Z5's 23-megapixel Exmor RS sensor into the Xperia X, and the rear camera protrudes ever so slightly through the aluminum back panel. Around the front there's a 13-megapixel selfie camera lurking next to the Sony logo, a step up from the 8-megapixel sensor from of previous generations. As we'll discuss later in this review, both perform pretty well, though Sony's cameras continue to suffer in low light due to the lack of optical stabilization.. As much as Sony's overall branding has been refreshed this year, the changes to the product itself have been relatively subtle. The Xperia X is certainly a leaner Sony phone in hardware terms, but one that follows the broad strokes of the Z series in much of the way it looks and feels.. That said, if you're going from an Xperia Z3 or Z5, you'll likely miss the more premium feel of the Z series' glass and metal combo. There's something about the Xperia X's industrial design that seems like a step backwards from the Z line, even if other areas of the hardware are up to the task.. Sony's transition towards Material Design is largely complete with its latest Android 6.0 Marshmallow -based software. And the Xperia X ships with a UI combining Google's vision of Android with some modern Sony design flourishes.. A large stylized clock dominates the Xperia X's lock screen, and Sony includes a selection of bright modern wallpapers and widgets that complement the look and feel of the OS. including the dialer, messaging, and clock apps —. are now fully Materialized, while others like the old Sony Calendar app have been retired in favor of Google's versions. The result is a minimalist UI that's still very close to vanilla Android, but with some unique design traits.. Sony's theming system is alive and well, and quickly accessible from a long-press on the home screen. There are four skins pre-installed to match the various colors of Xperia X, with many more available through the manufacturer's themes portal — including everything from sponsored game and movie tie-ins you probably don't want, to whimsical cartoony additions from Sony's designers.. The built-in Sony keyboard app has been replaced with SwiftKey, which is a moot point for us since we'd likely install the third-party keyboard anyway. The only problem is the latest version of SwiftKey seems to be extremely sensitive to touch on the Xperia X, leading to more misfires and typos than we'd like. The only preloaded app we'd really classify as bloatware is the AVG Protection app — loaded whether users like it or not, and packed with spurious features that claim to let users see "who's trying to break into" their phones. It's actually possible to double-tap the power key to launch directly into the camera, if pressing a slightly smaller key right next to the power button is just too much effort for you. It's unclear how well Sony will be able to keep up with Android's monthly security patches. Its track record so far is patchy, and the Xperia X we're using is already almost three months behind the current patch level.. The default Xperia home screen launcher has been updated to include app predictions and searching in the app drawer. It's a useful addition on the surface, but some of the predictions seem a little spammy, with dubious options like free-to-play movie tie-in games appearing alongside more established titles and essential apps like instant messengers.. Sony's built-in apps continue to promote the company's own ecosystem. The PlayStation app for Android is preloaded, and Sony's still pushing its PlayMemories service — which offers decidedly low-res "Full HD" photo storage — through the built-in Album app. At the ecosystem level however, it's mostly Google (and others) taking center stage. Play Music and Play Movies & TV come preloaded, and Spotify is supported from within the Sony Music app, since Sony no longer has its own streaming service.. Other Sony bits include a built-in social and news app, NewsSuite (in case you needed a new place to find news), and a Movie Creator app for conjuring up highlight reels based on your photos and videos. Meanwhile "What's New" serves as a portal for showcasing popular apps, games and movie trailers — though you'll want to turn off its spammy notifications.. Sony's smartphone cameras have a pretty good track record, with one or two caveats. And for the most part, the Xperia X is a repeat performance of recent Z-series phones in terms of its relative strengths and weaknesses. The high-res sensor, which takes downsampled 8-megapixel shots by default, is fantastic in moderate-to-good lighting, and the oversampling means it's easy to zoom in a little and still get a crisp, clear shot without too much noise or blurring.. Sony still insists that, because of its image processing chops, it doesn't need OIS. Sony still insists that, because of its BIONZ image processing capabilities, it doesn't need OIS (optical image stabilization). Post-processing just can't simulate the longer exposures that optical stabilization allows, and the results are clear when you compare the Xperia X to leading cameras with OIS, like the Galaxy S7, HTC 10 and LG G5. The Sony camera makes the most of challenging lighting conditions, but the result is often blurry and grainy compared to stabilized phone cameras.. And even in brighter conditions, Sony's 23-megapixel shooter is more susceptible to hand motion than competitors with hardware stabilization.. To be clear, this isn't a bad camera. It's just frustrating to see Sony making the same mistake release after release. It's been established over the past couple of years that if you're using a sensor with a high megapixel count (and thus smaller pixels capable of soaking up less light), you need OIS.. Similar weaknesses affect the Xperia X's selfie camera, which despite its high resolution of 13 megapixels can't match up to the Galaxy S7's brighter 5-megapixel shooter, nor the HTC 10's optically-stabilized selfie camera in very dark conditions. That said, in reasonably lit indoor scenes, Sony's front camera quickly zeroes in on your mug, and generally produces decent results.. Hardware weaknesses aside, Sony's camera app is one of the better ones we've used on an Android phone, with the default Intelligent Auto+ mode doing a great job of detecting the correct preset type for just about every scene we tested. More advanced options like resolution, ISO and metering live under the Settings menu in Manual mode. Speaking of which, should you choose to take full control of the camera, you'll also get access to the lengthy scenes menu, letting you experiment with different shooting modes for the moments when you're able to take your time with a shot.. The Xperia X's object tracking tech is the real deal.. Intelligent, predictive object-tracking is a big new feature for the Xperia X series, allowing the phone to smartly anticipate where a moving object might be going based on its past behaviour. And the same technology helps the phone keep track of stationary objects when the viewport is moving. The feature works pretty well, though we've noticed one or two misfires in our time with the Xperia X, where the phone confused a stationary object way off in the distance as a moving subject.. Besides that, only real frustration we've run into has to do with the sliding control to switch between the four camera modes — manual, Intelligent Auto+, Video and Effects. Jumping from mode to mode requires a lengthy swipe gesture, and you can't immediately hop from one end to the other.. Sony's camera app makes it easy to roll your sleeves up and experiment with different presets and shooting modes.. Sony's camera app is a bit more involved than rivals like Samsung and HTC, and that's not necessarily a disadvantage. More control is often a good thing, assuming you know what you're doing.. That said, we can't help wondering what would happen if this impressive package of camera software was paired with a really great optically stabilized module.. Sony Xperia X Battery Life. With a fixed 2,620mAh battery, you might not expect the Xperia X to match up to the quoted "up to two days" of battery life. And you'd be right — for the most part. Two days use from a single charge is optimistic, and you'll need to be a relatively light user to get a full second day per charge.. That said, it would be unfair to call the Xperia X's battery life bad. We've been able to get a solid working day out of the phone each day of our week-and-a-half of testing — and that includes travel days, flights, tech events and other situations that tend to drain the battery more than usual.. Don't expect miracles, but the Xperia X should get you comfortably through a full day.. Unlike phones based on Qualcomm's previous generation of mid-range chips, the Xperia X sips power relatively sparingly during most day-to-day tasks, such as music streaming, web browsing and light app usage. The only real battery sink we found was the camera, something which is neither surprising nor unique to the Xperia X.. spec Xperia X didn't come with a QuickCharge-equipped charger out of the box, Qualcomm lists the Xperia X (and its big brother the X Performance) was QuickCharge 2.0-compatible, and the phone appeared to charge more rapidly when used with a Samsung-branded quick charger.. Should you buy the Sony Xperia X? Wait for a price drop. Overall, it's tough to nail down exactly where the Xperia X sits in the increasingly blurry space between mid-range and high-end phones. It's pricier than the average mid-ranger, but under-delivers compared to the high-end competition. And it's not really the best at anything it does. But being priced a tier below Sony's top-end Xperia X Performance, it's not clear if it's really trying to be the best.. The Xperia X isn't the very best. But is it really trying to be?. Ultimately, we have to take into account what you'll pay when buying the X unlocked — since that's the only way you can hold of one in the U.S. — and what you get in return. And in that case, it's hard to avoid the conclusion that Sony asks too much and offers too little. We'd be more comfortable recommending this phone at $450-500, as opposed to the $550 standard retail price.. MORE: Where to buy the Xperia X series in the U.S.. For Sony, the broader problem is that the Xperia X is sandwiched between trailblazers like the Galaxy S7 at the high end, and more nimble, price-conscious manufacturers like Motorola and OnePlus — and even Google's Nexus phones — in the middle of the market.. Whether the Sony brand is worth that extra money is between you and your wallet. But we'd definitely recommend taking a good, hard look at the competition before settling — and maybe holding out for a price cut if you do take the plunge.. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Sony Xperia X Review: In Depth. Sony Xperia X Review: Features and OS. Sony Xperia X Review: Screen and media. Sony Xperia X Review: Performance and battery life. Screen size 5-inches Screen resolution 1920x1080 Weight N/A OS Android 6.0 Marshmallow Rear Camera 23MP Front camera 13MP Processor Snapdragon 650 Memory 3GB Storage 32GB + microSD 4G LTE Yes Bonus features Fingerprint sensor. Unified design Fantastic cameras Fingerprint security Solid media machine. No water resistance Not as cheap as we'd hoped. Sony Xperia X Review: The Xperia X is about to hit the UK, offering some premium Sony features like a 23-megapixel camera and Full HD screen at a lower price than your typical flagship mobile. We’ve taken the Xperia X for a full test drive, and here’s what we think of Sony’s first big 2016 smartphone.. That’s what the internet reckons now that Sony’s new handset, the Xperia X, is finally here. The Xperia X may look a lot like the Xperia Z5 , Sony’s last big phone, but it represents the beginning of a new mantra for the Japanese giant. Cut back on unnecessary features like the very latest processor and crap that the average consumer doesn’t give two hoots about, to provide a still-mostly-premium experience for less cash than your typical flagship.. So, is the Xperia X a great handset, or a failed X-periment (ugh, sorry)? Here’s our full review.. If you’re not already sold on Sony’s smartphone design, then the Xperia X will do nothing to change your mind. From the unapologetic rectangular build to the button positioning, this is a phone very much in the mold of the Xperia Z5 family, although there are some subtle differences.. Read next: Xperia X vs Xperia XA vs Xperia X Performance vs Xperia XA Ultra. For a start, the Xperia X is a slightly more compact handset, at 5-inches. Combined with the curvier edges, that makes the X a more comfortable fit for the hand. You can happily use this phone with just a single mitt, which is handy when you’re laden with bags or holding on for dear life on the tube.. Gone is that fragile glass rear, replaced with a smooth metallic back that comes in a fresh range of colours (including the now absolutely obligatory rose gold). We love the hardier finish, which defies sharp objects and coins to remain pleasingly scratch free; you have to really treat the Xperia X poorly to leave your mark. And the Sony branding which previously marked the back plate has been replaced with the Xperia logo.. Also gone is Sony’s trademark water resistance, which we’ve enjoyed on all of the premium Xperia smartphones for quite some time now. This is the first of Sony’s Xperia X culls, a nice-to-have-but-barely-essential feature that doesn’t meet the strict new cost/benefit requirements.. I didn’t miss the lack of water resistance, as the Xperia X is still perfectly capable of functioning in the pissing rain (as I discovered just yesterday; cheers, Britain). So, barring a terrible drunken toilet dunking incident, chances are most people won’t even care about the change.. Check out our Xperia X unboxing and hands-on review for a closer look at the design.. While the hardware itself hasn’t changed much, the Xperia X series does enjoy a fresh new ‘unified design’ throughout. This is where the Xperia’s desktops match the overall colour scheme, finished with attractive wavy paintbrush spatterings. Complete with new transitions and logos, this is probably the prettiest and coolest version of Sony’s Xperia interface yet.. Sony is also catering to smartphone noobs, offering a helping hand via the Xperia Tips system. Unlike your standard mobile hints that pop up to help every now and then, Xperia Tips actually monitors how you use your handset and throws personalised advice at your facehole. And while tech junkies will get very little from this feature, it’s a solid inclusion for anyone who’s out of their comfort zone. Note also that the tips can be deactivated in the system settings.. You also get a few other extra features thrown in, such as the new apps menu that pops up when you drag a finger down your desktops. This offers up quick links to your most popular apps and also suggests new apps that you might enjoy from the Google Play store, with the option to instantly install. It’s a quick and easy way to populate your Xperia, although the recommendations veer between ‘that looks good’ to ‘oh Jesus, Britain’s Got Talent has a bloody app?’. All of Sony’s new bits are sat neatly on top of Android Marshmallow, along with a few extra services to complement Google’s usual selection. Gamers will enjoy Remote Play, which allows you to stream games direct from your PS4, for instance. And there’s a Sony News app that, like Apple News and other streaming services, offers up the latest headlines and social media feeds.. Check out our Xperia X tips and tricks guide, which explores some more of these cool little features.. Rounding off the Xperia X’s features is the excellent fingerprint sensor, once again housed on the right edge of the phone. Considering how thin it is, I’m always impressed by how responsive and accurate Sony’s scanners are. It’s a quick and easy way to jump directly into your desktops without fiddling about with PINs and the like, while still keeping your data nice and safe.. Many manufacturers are now packing a mighty Quad HD display into their flagship mobiles, Galaxy S7 and HTC 10 included, to produce ridiculously crisp images. Sticking to the ‘if we don’t need it, sod it’ mantra, Sony has stuck with a Full HD 5-inch screen for the Xperia X, and it more than does the job.. I love how the Xperia X’s screen seems to sit flush with the surface of the phone, while those HD visuals are as strong as ever. Squint as hard as you like, you’re unlikely to ever make out an individual pixel. Sony’s X-Reality engine is on hand to sharpen things up even more, or you can swap to the Super-vivid mode to boost the colours, giving a closer experience to the Galaxy S7’s Super AMOLED screen.. Sony has always paid attention to audio quality too, offering support for HiRes tracks in its Xperia handsets for some time now. The Xperia X likewise has an optional DSEE HX feature which boosts the quality of compressed music files, to make them sound a lot more palatable. You also get a Dynamic Normaliser setting to prevent your music from breaking your precious lugs, as a quiet track runs into a super-noisy one.. If you forget your headphones, you can still enjoy decent audio direct from the Xperia X’s dual speakers (one above and one below the screen). As they face forwards, the sound is directed towards your face, making for a clear, muffle-free experience. We found the quality was decent, with enough power to practically match the Xperia Z5.. Check out our speaker test video, below.. Sony decided not to slip the most powerful Snapdragon processor (currently the 820) into the Xperia X, instead opting for the Snapdragon 650 chipset backed by 3GB of RAM. Don’t worry though, because the 650 is still a more-than-capable 64-bit hexa-core SoC that’s well up to task of everyday life.. Across several days of use, we didn’t notice any untoward behaviour from our Xperia X. Android runs nippily enough, apps load quickly and the latest games play with a perfect frame rate. We’re hopeful that the Xperia X will continue to run well for the foreseeable future, but of course we’ll be returning to the X for a long-term review to see if it can still handle the pace.. If you’re into your benchmarking, then the Xperia X gave an AnTuTu v6.1.4 benchmark of 78325 which places it alongside the OnePlus 2 , HTC One M9 and Samsung’s Galaxy S6 Edge .. As for battery life, check out our Xperia X battery test feature to see how quickly the phone’s battery charges and how good the battery life is, with and without the Stamina Mode.. Sony may have cut back in a few areas like water resistance and processing power, but the Xperia X still boasts one of the best smartphone cameras out there. The 23-megapixel rear snapper and 13-megapixel front-facing camera are impressively powerful, with some smart new Sony tech to predict your subject’s movements or craft an attractive selfie even in a dimly lit pub or club.. Check out our full Xperia X camera review for photo and video samples and an in-depth look at those new camera features.. The Xperia X is a curious endeavor from Sony, a flagship phone that willingly skimps here and there in order to undercut rival handsets. And while some might bemoan the lack of Snapdragon 820 action, or how the water resistance is a thing of the past, the Xperia X still ticks all of the boxes for a flagship device.. Gorgeous screen and an all-round fantastic media experience? Sure. And despite that ‘cut back’ processor, you still get silky smooth performance as well as decent battery life.. Of course, at £459 the Xperia X is a little more expensive than we’d originally hoped. Bear in mind that there are rival phones out there such as the Samsung Galaxy A5 2016 , which also offer Full HD visuals, excellent cameras and fingerprint security for over £100 less than the X.. Check out our Sony Xperia X hub for more features and comparison reviews, and here’s our full Xperia X video review:. Sony Xperia XZ Premium Review: In Depth. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact Review: The little smartphone that could. Sony FDR-X3000R action camera: 10 reasons it’s a GoPro Hero 5 killer. Sony Xperia L1 vs Xperia XA vs Xperia E5: Which budget Sony phone is best?. Sony A9: 10 facts about the mirrorless A7RII and A7SII killer. HTC U11 vs Sony Xperia XZ Premium: Which is best for me?. Sony A7 accessories guide: Must-haves for the A7R II, A7S II, A7 II, A7 R and A7 S. Sony FDR-X3000R 4K Action Cam must-have accessories guide. Sony Xperia XZ Premium Review: In Depth. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact Review: The little smartphone that could. Sony FDR-X3000R action camera: 10 reasons it’s a GoPro Hero 5 killer. Sony Xperia L1 vs Xperia XA vs Xperia E5: Which budget Sony phone is best?. Sony A9: 10 facts about the mirrorless A7RII and A7SII killer. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. Mobile Phones · Features Best budget camera phones: The greatest mobile snappers for £299 and under. Broadband & TV · Features How do I stream Sky Go to a TV, to watch Sky shows or movies on a big screen?. Mobile Phones · Features Neko Atsume rare cats guide: How to get Cream-san, Bengal Jack and more. Mobile Phones · Features What is iOS and what does iOS stand for?. Broadband & TV · Features How can I watch Amazon Prime Video on my TV?. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. 
Sony Xperia X review: Sony's latest attempt to convince you to buy a phone from someone else. 2016/06/14 8:03am PST Jun 14, 2016. Phone Reviews Reviews Sony Xperia X. 1 Specs 2 The Good 3 The Not So Good 4 Design Disappointments 5 Display 6 Performance And Battery 7 Camera 8 Software 9 Sony, Why?. Sony has never been a major player in the North American smartphone market, but it still gives it a shot every now and then. Sony has famously found every way to fail at gaining traction with its Xperia Z line of smartphones. This year Sony traded the Z for an X (I guess it traded with Motorola) and has launched a US version of the Xperia X in relatively short order. This phone is a mix of old and new from Sony, but the combination is problematic—it might have kept the wrong things. Sony is looking to sell a phone with a mid-range SoC at a flagship price. 32 GB internal, microSD card slot. 143 x 69 x 7.7mm, 152g. The 1080p LCD is very bright and the colors look accurate, save for a touch of color casting off-axis. The claim of two days per charge isn't far off. I can get a solid day and a half with moderate use. The build of Marshmallow doesn't have too much junk pre-installed and there are some useful extras like the customizable stock-style quick settings.. It's not water resistant, and the volume toggle is in a stupid place. This phone recommended I install Clean Master. I've also seen more buggy behavior than I'd expect on shipping software. Terrible in low-light and frequently loses. HDR performance is poor, and the manual mode is substantially less powerful than other phones. The $550 asking price for this phone is not reasonable.. Sony has had several hallmark design features through all the Z series iterations, but it abandons some of those with the X. This phone has a plastic frame with a soft texture on the sides and a metal back panel. The metal and plastic parts actually feel almost identical. It's not as bad as LG's primer-coated metal, but there's something odd going on here. I like that the metal doesn't show fingerprints at all, but it doesn't look or feel like a high-quality piece of electronic gear.. On the left edge all we have is a slot for the SIM card and microSD card. On the opposite side is where all the action is. Right in the middle of the right edge is the power button. It looks exactly like the button on the Z5 devices, and there's good tactile feedback when you press it. Just like it did for the Z5 series, Sony dropped the fingerprint reader functionality from the US version of the Xperia X. So, that button is just a button. Frankly, I don't understand this decision. A fingerprint sensor is something people expect to see on a $500-600 phone. Hell, they're starting to expect them on $200 phones. is a serious miscalculation if Sony wants to win new fans and keep the ones it has.. is a serious miscalculation if Sony wants to win new fans and keep the ones it has.. I also have to take issue (again) with the volume toggle placement—it's the same as the Z5, toward the bottom below the power button. There's nothing comfortable about this location for a button. You have to shift the phone in your hand and contort your thumb to reach the volume control. I suspect the toggle is there so it's easier to use as a zoom control in the camera, but this is digital. It's only as a last resort you should use that. Screwing up the ergonomics of your phone to make digital zoom more convenient is poor design.. I refuse to believe Sony has done any usability testing to back up this button layout. that is a two-stage camera shutter button. It's in a comfortable location when you hold the phone in landscape, as a shutter button should be. It's a little light on tactile feedback, but the action is gentle enough that the phone doesn't shake when you press it. The NFC chip is on the front next to the earpiece, which I also don't understand.. Down on the bottom you've just got a microUSB port. I think it's a bit weird to launch a phone at this point without Type-C, especially when Sony doesn't have to worry about an accessory ecosystem like Samsung does (i.e. The port and body of the phone are also vulnerable to water damage. Most of Sony's phones have been water-resistant for years, but that ends with the X Series. Again, this is a bizarre decision. Water-resistant design could have been a good selling point for Sony, but instead it's another missed opportunity.. On the front of the phone is the 5-inch 1080p LCD with a glass panel that slopes down slightly toward the edge. I like this design detail; it's a nice touch on an otherwise understated device. There are also two front-facing speakers, but they're pretty small even by smartphone standards. sound they produce is better than what you get from phones that have just one bottom-firing speaker, but it's not up to the standards of the Nexus 6P or even the HTC 10. The X's sound is a bit tinny and. I'd say it outputs above average audio via the headphone jack, though.. Sony is one of the few OEMs that still makes powerful. The X isn't as small as the Z Compact phones, but at 5-inches the display is still fine for one-handed use. This is an LCD, and it's only 1080p. I suppose a 1440p display would be better for the spec-sheet, but I think 1080p is acceptable at 5-inches. It's still 440 pixels per-inch, which is nothing to sneeze at.. This is one of the better LCDs I've seen recently. I haven't actually measured the output, but it's about as readable as the Galaxy S7, which gets mega-bright. The lowest brightness setting is also reasonably impressive. It doesn't get as dim as Samsung's AMOLED panels, but it's fine for use in a dark room without searing your retinas. Brightness is adjusted quickly, and I'd say it's very accurate as well. Colors are good, though slightly warm. I'm not a fan of Sony's X-reality post-processing engine, which is on by default. It only works in Sony apps, but it make colors look a bit too muted and less real.. The LCD here has very good viewing angles, with only light dimming. Text on the screen is essentially readable even when you look at it from extreme angles. While the off-axis brightness is solid, I do see some color casting. The colors shift noticeably warm, and as I said above the display is slightly warm to start. It's not what I would consider particularly bad, but it's not common on phones in this price range (except for the HTC 10).. This is the first phone I've used with a Snapdragon 650 inside, so I don't really have anything to compare it to directly. This is a hexa-core chip similar to the SD808, but clocked lower. It's running on ARM Cortex cores rather that Qualcomm's new custom CPUs. I look forward to seeing what this chip can do in mid-range phones, but it seems like a weird choice for a phone that costs almost $600. There are some benchmarks below if you desire concrete numbers.. As for the real life performance, it's. If you're not too picky, the Xperia X will get the job done. Getting around the UI is fluid, and there's no problem with apps falling out of RAM. Multitasking is where you can tell the X struggles a bit. It tends to take just a touch too long to switch between apps at times. Opening apps can get sluggish every now and then as well. Simple games run well on the Xperia X, but anything with complex 3D graphics seems to tax the GPU, leading to sluggish performance. The games I've tried aren't unplayable, but the experience isn't as good as it is on other devices. I know there's been some concern regarding overheating of this phone, but thus far I haven't seen it get too hot. I ran a few benchmarks in a row, and the throttling wasn't anything out of the ordinary.. The device I'm testing is supposed to be running final software that will go out to consumers—it even got an update out of the box. I'll leave the details of the software for later, but I should point out this software does not feel final from a stability standpoint. There have been a lot of little hiccups while using the. For example, the Google app just crashed continuously the first day I had the phone. I've also had a handful of spontaneous reboots and buggy notifications.. While the device performance in general has a few issues, the battery performs wonderfully. It's only 2620mAh, which is far from the largest you can get, but the combination of 1080p screen, Doze Mode, and Sony's optimizations makes the most of it. With heavy use, I've been getting 5-6 hours of screen time over the course of 15-16 hours. In a more realistic scenario with occasional messaging, poking around on Reddit, browsing, and a few games, the Xperia X made it nearly two days with a bit over three hours of screen time. It has quick charge functionality, but only the v2.0 variant.. The Xperia X has another one of Sony's high-resolution sensors that default to 8MP with oversampling. In this case, it's a 23MP sensor. You can crank it up to full resolution, but capture times are a little long. With oversampling, you're supposed to see less noise and better colors. However, for a company that makes the camera sensors in. so many excellent smartphones, Sony is having a tough time with its own cameras. The one in the Xperia X is mediocre at best.. Some of the photos I've taken outside look nice—I might even say they're great. However, that's really the only setting in which I'd trust the Xperia X to take a consistently usable photo. HDR doesn't seem very effective, though, so very bright days can be tricky. In many of the photos below, you might notice loss of detail in bright areas. The phone often reported that HDR was on (Sony calls it backlight compensation), but the dynamic range is still narrow. Even in good indoor light there are issues. I've got a pair of comparison photos below that match the X up with the Nexus 6P (both on default auto settings) to illustrate some of the problems I'm seeing. Make sure you check out the full resolution.. In the low light shot (left), the Xperia X has totally wrecked the white balance, and the vignette effect around the edges is really heavy. Noise is also off the chart. The Nexus 6P on the other hand, took a fairly true-to-life photo without too much noise. The bright indoor light shot (right) is not as disheartening, but it's still not good for Sony. a bit brighter than the 6P, which is good, but that comes at the expense of detail. For whatever reason, this phone smooths images to an obnoxious degree, I assume to lessen noise. It makes the photos look blurry and obliterates detail. Note how the knurl pattern on the watch is less visible in the Sony photo. The same goes for my manly arm hair. This isn't just a function of the lower resolution—photos shouldn't look like this ever. You'll see this in a few of the photos in the gallery below as well.. In general, the Xperia X also exhibits some tendency toward heavy white clipping, resulting in blown out highlights. f/2.0 aperture lens, narrower than phones like the G5 or GS7. That makes it hard to get shots with a narrow depth of field look. Maybe that's not a huge deal, but I'm irked by the lack of optical stabilization at this price (it has digital stabilization).. Sony's camera app used to be one of the better on Android, but it's fallen far behind in the last few years. It annoys me to no end that there's no easy toggle for HDR capture. When you switch to manual, there's a serious lack of manual controls. All you can do is alter the white balance, change the ISO, turn on HDR, and pick from the various scene modes. There is one neat software feature here called. You can tap to focus on an object, and the phone will track it as it moves around the frame. This works surprisingly well, but it doesn't make up for the camera's other shortcomings.. Sony ships the Xperia X with Android 6.0.1 and the March security patch level. You should know by now what Marshmallow adds to the experience, so I'm going to focus on Sony's modifications to Marshmallow. The interface is a bit closer to stock Android than it used to be, but there are a few nice extras. I like that you can swipe down once to get all the way to quick settings by simply dragging farther down the screen. Once you're there, it looks very Nexus-y. There's an edit button that lets you choose the toggles shown and rearrange their order. That's sort of feasible in stock Android 6.0, but it's part of the janky UI tuner. Sony actually has the UI tuner too—the settings are very close to stock.. The Xperia X actually recommended I install Clean Master via the app drawer.. The first time you open the app drawer on the Xperia X, you get a screen asking if you are interested in. having top apps presented to you based on your location. Hey, that sounds interesting, let's give it a shot. The absolutely unfathomable thing is that in addition to suggesting your own apps, there's a section in the app drawer of recommended downloads from the Play Store. I don't know if Sony is being paid to recommend these apps, but it feels very shady to me. It's mostly recommending free apps with ads, those connected to paid services (like Uber), and in-app purchases. I mean, the Xperia X actually recommended I install Clean Master via the app drawer. You can disable this feature, and you really should.. Almost equally insane in my book is the inclusion of an automatic cache cleaner. It's on by default and will delete the cache of apps you haven't used recently. Things are cached for a reason, and deleting cache isn't great for device performance. And all to reclaim a tiny bit of storage space? Again, you can shut this feature off... but why is it even here?. The included apps are mostly for Sony services. There isn't too much junk as this is an unlocked device. Still, I don't need the Sony Lounge app. Sony's Stamina Mode is present on the Xperia X, but it's much different than it was before Marshmallow. Since OEMs can't interfere with Doze, Sony had to drop all the process management features that used to be included in Stamina Mode. What you're left with is more in-line with what other manufacturers do. It shuts off GPS, background data, and image enhancement. The SoC is also downshifted to save power. Ultra Stamina Mode gives you a very basic feature set with a simplified home screen. Again, this is like what you get from the likes of Samsung and HTC. It's great if you need to stretch the last few percent of the battery in order to receive calls or SMS.. Sony still has a basic theme engine built-into its version of Android. It's not as extensive as what you get from Samsung or HTC, but it's nice to have, I suppose. I do quite like the way the lock screen, which is controlled by the theme, feels like a cover over top of your wallpaper. You can see the background image peeking through the clock. This device marks the first time Sony has ditched Small Apps since its 2012 phone lineup. These were floating apps that offered quick access to things like a calculator, calendar, or email. I never really used these apps, especially on phones with screens this small. I'm sure some people will miss them, though.. I do have one last admittedly minor complaint. Sony still insists on the home button in the navigation bar. Pairing that over-sized house shape with the triangle and square just looks odd.. I would explain Sony's version of Android on the X thusly: competent with several very stupid ideas that are luckily optional.. I don't think this phone is terrible, but it's fundamentally misguided. for a world that does not exist; one in which people still buy a product. simply because it's made by Sony. The brand doesn't mean what it used to, certainly not when it comes to smartphones. Sony's tendency to release mediocre phones has seen to that.. for a world that does not exist; one in which people still buy a product. simply because it's made by Sony.. The Xperia X has some good points. The screen is overall fantastic and the front-facing speakers are good. It's also compact and easy to use in one hand, without being too small for mainstream smartphone users (sorry Z Compact fans). After disabling some boneheaded software features, the version of Marshmallow on this phone is clean. The battery life is above average, which is impressive for something on the small side.. When you consider the price of $550 (plus tax and shipping), you should rightly expect a lot from a phone. And yet, the Xperia X has some glaring issues. Sure, it can take a nice photo on occasion, but the HDR is poor, low-light performance is garbage, and the post-processing makes images taken even in good light look muddy. I just don't know what Sony is doing here.. The water-resistant design of past phones was ditched in the X. Sony has designed phones to be water-resistant for years. Why stop now? Perhaps even more galling is the removal of the fingerprint sensor for the US market. That's not just a "nice to have" feature anymore. People expect it, and phones that cost much less than the Xperia X have them.. want people to buy this phone.. The Xperia X will be available on June 26th for $550. It's up for pre-order on Amazon right now, but I don't think you should buy it. Even if it were $100 cheaper, I would caution against getting this phone. Do you want to know what phone is better than the Xperia X in almost every way? The Nexus 5X, which costs $200 less for the 32GB version right now. Amazon India scoops OnePlus by publishing the full listing of the OnePlus 3. [Deal Alert] Benson-approved USB Type-C and USB A car charger on sale for $9.99 with coupon code. [Update: APK now available] Google releases Assistant Go app on the Play Store. 2018/02/06 4:45am PST Feb 6, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google's Calculator app hits 100 million downloads on the Play Store. 2018/01/31 9:34pm PST Jan 31, 2018. <"my room mate Lori Is getting paid on the internet $98/hr".....!tu287x. P1 I bought after earning 18,512 Dollars..it was my previous month's payout..just a little over.17k Dollars Last month..3-5 hours job a day...with weekly payouts..it's realy the simplest. The price of 550.00 fails again for the consumer. No ois, no fingerprint reader and a 652 processer. Sometimes I think their doing it deliberately. The Z5 was a good offering but the X series will fail. Consumers want choices like the one plus 3 get more for less. Just think 400.00 for a phone with 6gb's. Sony has let the grass grow around their feet. Let somebody else buy the X series. Overspend for their stupidity in this market!!!!!. Was sure it would be a Ruddock article. the xperia x has a fingerprint sensor.. #facepalm It does not on the US version.... You are too old for hashtags... Just like the Z5, they removed it from the US version of the phone.. omg why? Well sometimes its good to be on the other side. All flagship phones and most mid-range phone have fingerprint readers here so it's just a Sony thing. Regardless, this phone is not going to be saved by a fingerprint reader in Europe or anywhere else (it may sell well in Japan).. Somebody has to figure out why that is. There HAS to be some reason.. I think it's something to do with the FCC, patents and stuff. In other words, Sony is using a cheaper part at the expense of product function [in the US]. It's the same part, Sony just disabled it in software for some reason. Flashing firmware from another region will reenable it.. Do you have proof of this? I've only seen theories.. You are correct that there are only theories right now. However, the US Z5 was proven to have a working fingerprint sensor ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/xperia-z5/general/e6653-flash-e6603-firmware-enable-t3307158 ) and it would be odd to make a power button that looks like a fingerprint sensor for a region like the US which will attract few sales.. The finger print scanner is still there, it's just disabled in the software. It can be enabled by flashing another firmware.. No, I mean not using a supplier that won't get them sued.. It's a patent issue with the specific scanner they're using, or so I've heard.. US folk must have different kind of fingers /s. Sony disabled it in the US firmware like they did with the Z5. I wish they would at least say why they did it.. Since they won't tell us it must be something they are. embarrassed or ashamed about, either way it's yet another strike for a company that can't take much more. Won't be surprised if they do something drastic soon like replacing most of the smartphone team or just pull out all together.. #totalfail Thanks for the review but the pricing made it a no go from the start. No idea what Sony is thinking.... I can wait until you can finish typing your comment.. you dont lol ? Do you atleast laugh out silently ?. Nothing new from Sony! Crappy phone with a premium price. They don't deserve the time to review their phones.. Just blank page with "IT SUCKS" is enough.. Pretty fucking pathetic showing from Sony. I'm testing a Chinese device maker who's breaking into the US soon and they've updated with every monthly security update. It shipped with the April update and the June update yesterday. (And this device's UI is heavily skinned.). (I can't give more specifics on the device though.) I'm pretty sure they still have open enrollment for the testing of their devices.. Oh for fucks sake Sony, why this again? You've made good phones before, why can you not just get rid of the few remaining issues? Its not hard, they're pretty much the same every damn time!. Waterproofing didn't end with the X series, the Performance is waterproof. And actually chuckled when you said the Nexus 5x was a better phone, that piece of crap had been plagued with bugs since launch. One of the best, most reliable and smooth phones I have. Never gives me any issues or troubles.. After the March update, I can mostly agree with that. It felt amazingly slow before that though. The camera would occasionally make my phone reboot before that update.. That's the thing with all devices that use software, updates improve things. Google is reliable about improving things with updates.. The Snapdragon 808 is a flawed SoC.. It may be flawed, but it seems to be flawless on my N5X. 70052 on Antutu isn't a bad score, either.. Written like a true Sony fanboy. Do a reality check, their last good device was the Z3.. I had a Z3 (got a good one after 7 exchanges for defects, my carrier stopped selling the phones for this very reason) battery life was insane but camera software processing sucked compared to the Nexus 5X I have now, which ironically uses a Sony sensor like many flagships.. Quite odd that the company that makes the best phone camera sensors in the world for Samsung and Apple manages to put a crappy one in their flagship.... They don't put a crappy sensor, the sensor they're using is one of the best out there, it's just they don't know how to process photos properly.. Which is still funny because they are also a well known and top seller of digital camera in the professional market. How can a company with soo much experience making cameras, fail at making smartphone cameras? Something is absolutely wrong in sony, i almost feel bad for them.. The sensor is great; it's Sony's software that screws things up.. They are too financially secure to work hard enough to produce a really good device. I've seen keynotes from the heads of Sony and they act like the company is a leisure club.. Guess what Eastman Kodak did the same damn thing. They went from a blue chip firm to practically nothing! The one time film giant reduced to rubble. Sony is headed in the same direction. Until they change management the song remains the same. Pay more get less should be their moto. Their expectations should be in someone's toilet and don't forget to flush!!!!!. A major disappointment I must say. Lol...I had to retread the title, but I get it now. I actually really like the home shaped home button. I think it looks better than the circle.. Sony, some of us want to like you but you make it too damn hard. You were struggling with the Z series so your answer is to rebrand and make the phones worse in every way? I just don't understand. They really feel no need to try any harder than what they are. Why they bother even trying is puzzling, though.. the worst is the Xperia XA. it's about the same price as the Xperia M5, but with way worse specs. I used to like Sony's smartphones.. Honestly, I love my Z5, and I don't understand how sony can come out with a new flagship that is worst than the previous one. AND since I got an international one, I've got a fingerprint reader. I had to look back at the top to see who wrote this review thinking it was David lol. This doesn't make sense...its like putting together a t mobile sidekick phone loaded with marshmallow software. Youre right on the money! Sony has made a habit of shooting themselves in the foot, I dodnt buy the u.s. Z5 bc they still want $570 for the premium, no scanner, camera is good on the z5 but really an extra $150 for 4k screen some of the time??? Now the x, really $550 for a midrange spec phone a freaking 650 really!! Not even an 808, no sensor, no 4k, wth Sony!! But I will admit why all the buttons are placed where they are, go ahead and put this phone in ypur left hand lol, Sony made the only left hamded phone which was a big plus for me when I got the standard z5.. You should be buying the international version. It's cheaper and will get updates much faster and it has the fingerprint sensor. There's no reason to buy the US version. Well thats what I did, I bought the international version, my point was Sony brings these phones to the u.s. market takes away stuff and then asks you to pay a premium, when we already have phones with the likes of the s7, for cheaper prices 4-5 months earlier. Sony Mobile's executive team are a group of saboteurs. I don't think they're actually serious about competing. They show no focus and no foresight. They ruined the Z series by putting out a crazy 4K phone (Z5 Premium) with a sh tty processor (810). They almost had it right but ending up ruining it. This is on top of diluting the Xperia brand and releasing phones stateside with a disabled fingerprint scanner.. Isn't this more expensive than the Z5 is in the US right now? While the Z5 was arguably an awful phone, it's still leagues above this on paper. My advice for Sony: Make a Google Nexus phone. Then listen to feedback and make a phone worthy of you. If done right, and priced correctly, you may take some US marketshare from those third-rate Chinese phone makers.. Does google want them to make it ;). Giant phones and Sony Xperia line have a short battery life. Sony lost me with the X series. The X Performance is not even for sale in Germany, and after problems in the Z5 series I switched to the nexus 5X. I love my nexus, and most properly I will buy the next premium one.. btw I agree 100% with the title.. Why are you comparing a mid tier phone with a flagship like the HTC 10 and nexus 6p. Obviously it's not going to have picture quality and sound quality like those phones because of the processor that is being used. The 800 series processor is better for image processing same goes for the sound processing. Also you said the x series lost waterproofing which isn't true. The x performance is waterproof just like the other Sony Xperia phones.. I do agree with the review, but pleeease stop saying "This phone, just introduced, is way overpriced because there is a last-gen, last-year phone that is way cheaper...". When the last-year phone is just as good or better, i think its fine.. I actually have this phone - sure, say what you want, I just liked it in general - and I find it similar in performance to my mom's S6 Edge. It's unexpectedly fast, multitasking has no problems and if you know how to use the camera it makes pretty good pictures. It was a bit pricey, but I still consider it a good choice. I like the design, the size, the software, the phone has no issues as far as I'm concerned. I don't need high benchmark scores or super games tho. I need messaging, youtube, solid battery and camera and nice display. Sensor touch Finger in america not distribued because sony suing in court due.... We should all tell Sony to stop. No more phones, just support the ones u have made and call it a day. A most definitely unbiased review with the refreshing clarity of calling a spade a spade.. Unlike most other review sites who suck the teats of manufacturers, often times being too afraid of stating a phone's notable flaws in fear of upsetting the manufacturer, this is a refreshing take on a review. This, and the LG g5, really made me hold android police close to heart for no BS reviews. A good review but one main area in the reviewer needs to elaborate and understand. The Nfc.......its in a genius position. The Nfc sticker on the top left front of the phone misleads you into thinking you can only use it from the front however its actually telling you its on the corner of the phone. Ive used tap and pay from the front corner, the rear corner and the actual rounded corner. Same with file transfers.......Its the best and safest way to use the Nfc connection!! Please ammend your review to reflect this.. This is the config of the redmi note 3, except they managed to pack in a 400 mAH battery.Sure you get a slightly better camera in this, but when you compare it even to the Opo 3.... Sorry it is not a good review. Xperia x has a fingerprint sensor. It is in power button on the side.... Sony ditched waterproofing for this phone only to reinstate with the new XZ - it's a shame -I bought an X -and suffered water damage - my own fault - should never have assumed Sony would build on USP's it's known for - oh well, never again for me I'm afraid.. {quote}The Xperia X actually recommended I install Clean Master via the app drawer.{quote}. The whole point is: Why recommend Clean Master to begin with?. It's just an app from a list with a huge number of installs..... Because people don't realize that Android doesn't need RAM booster and task killer apps.. I totally ageee with it, but please keep in mind that this app has 500 mil downloads and an average rating of 4.7.... more overpriced than apple products.....just wow. I feel like this is just a dig? The camera is really good providing me with full HD images. I have a fingerprint sensor on my phone and it's a Sony Xperia X so i feel like this is just a pack of lies? Best phone I've ever had no bugs no glitches. My dad store has his phone for $379 and for that price it isn't too bad but the problem is it doesn't have fingerprint sensor and the camera on it is real good but I don't really take pictures that much and I don't like the stereo on this and it doesn't work very good also that's real Boxxy it really is this thing is like an old clunker for 1984 I'm waiting for Max Headroom to jump out and start asking me to use the phone. [Deal Alert] Nest Cam Outdoor two-pack is just $248.38 ($99.62 off) on Amazon. 2018/02/25 7:32pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Sony Xperia XZ1 is down to $495 ($205 off) on Amazon. 2018/02/25 7:16pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Best Buy will knock $100 off Galaxy S9/S9+ pre-orders on Friday, March 2nd only. 2018/02/25 6:37pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Refurbished JBL Everest Elite 700 noise-canceling Bluetooth headphones are $119.99 on Woot. 2018/02/25 2:54pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Prime Exclusive LG Q6 is $159.99 ($90 off) today only on Amazon. 2018/02/25 11:14am PST Feb 25, 2018. Are you using a custom launcher on your phone?. Yes, I currently am using a custom launcher. I have used one in the past, but not currently. No, and I have never used a custom launcher.. Wacom Bamboo Tip review: A pricey fine-tip stylus that works on all touchscreens. 2018/02/23 6:08am PST Feb 23, 2018. Netatmo Welcome review: A near perfect no-hidden-fees indoor security camera with face recognition. 2018/02/22 5:39am PST Feb 22, 2018. Moto Tab review: Look elsewhere for your tablet needs. 2018/02/20 7:33am PST Feb 20, 2018. JBL Link smart speakers review: Offering several great alternatives to the Google Home. 2018/02/17 5:30am PST Feb 17, 2018. Microsoft's Photos Companion is a neat utility for transferring images from Android to your PC (Hands-on). 2018/02/15 4:06am PST Feb 15, 2018. 21 new and notable Android Wear watch faces from the last 3 months (11/11/17 - 2/22/18). 2018/02/24 9:59am PST Feb 24, 2018. 13 new and notable Android games from the last week (2/14/18 - 2/20/18). 2018/02/20 11:20am PST Feb 20, 2018. 14 new and notable Android apps from the last week (2/13/18 - 2/19/18). 2018/02/19 10:21am PST Feb 19, 2018. 18 new and notable Android games from the last week (2/7/18 - 2/13/18). 2018/02/13 11:33am PST Feb 13, 2018. 14 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (2/6/18 - 2/12/18). 2018/02/12 11:39am PST Feb 12, 2018. Samsung SmartThings app overhaul coming in March. 2018/02/25 2:26pm PST Feb 25, 2018. YouTube for Android TV adds manual resolution selection, starts rolling an updated interface. 2018/02/25 3:11am PST Feb 25, 2018. Google app beta's screenshot editing and sharing popup is now working in other apps as well for some. 2018/02/24 10:27pm PST Feb 24, 2018. Here are 39 temporarily free and 45 on-sale apps for your Saturday. 2018/02/24 10:26am PST Feb 24, 2018. 21 new and notable Android Wear watch faces from the last 3 months (11/11/17 - 2/22/18). 2018/02/24 9:59am PST Feb 24, 2018. [Deal Alert] Save $35 when you buy a Google Home and Chromecast or Chromecast Audio. 2017/02/26 1:35am PST Feb 26, 2017. [Deal Alert] Nexus 5X 16GB Drops To Its Lowest Price Yet, Grab One For Just $269.99 On eBay. 2016/02/26 10:31am PST Feb 26, 2016. Sprint Galaxy S6 And Galaxy S6 Edge Promotion Leaked Ahead Of MWC Announcement. 2015/02/26 9:17pm PST Feb 26, 2015. PSA: Google Wallet 'Tap And Pay' Functionality Appears To Be Working On Most KitKat Updates For Devices On Isis Carriers. 2014/02/26 3:09pm PST Feb 26, 2014. Adobe Releases Photoshop Touch For Phones, Pisses Off Tablet Users By Making It A Separate $5 App. 2013/02/26 9:27pm PST Feb 26, 2013. [MWC 2012] Samsung Announces Galaxy S WiFi 4.2, For The Android Lovers Who Don't Need A Phone. 2012/02/26 11:58pm PST Feb 26, 2012. Public Beta Of FullHDMI Released, Lets You Mirror Your EVO's Screen On Your HDTV. 2011/02/26 5:51pm PST Feb 26, 2011. Hands on with the Nokia 1, Nokia 6 (2018), Nokia 7 Plus, and Nokia 8 Sirocco. 2018/02/25 7:33am PST Feb 25, 2018. Chrome OS may soon be able to run Linux applications in a container. 2018/02/25 10:00am PST Feb 25, 2018. Galaxy S9 and S9+ US pre-orders, pricing, release date, and more. 2018/02/25 8:59am PST Feb 25, 2018. Samsung's Galaxy S9 is official: Fingerprint sensor finally in the right place. 2018/02/25 8:59am PST Feb 25, 2018. Nokia smartphones will be Android One devices going forward. 2018/02/25 7:27am PST Feb 25, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. [Update: Now official, more devices supported] Google releasing ARCore 1.0 at MWC, but it seems to be rolling out early. 2018/02/23 8:26am PST Feb 23, 2018. [Update x2: Rollout resumed] Samsung halts Android 8.0 Oreo rollout to Galaxy S8 and S8+. 2018/02/22 3:55pm PST Feb 22, 2018. Hands-on: Google's 'Reply' gives other apps concise Smart Replies - when it isn't throwing shade. 2018/02/20 2:41pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google Home v1.27 includes several cosmetic changes and shortcuts, smaller APK, and hints at new devices and reversible controls [APK Teardown]. 2018/02/20 12:33pm PST Feb 20, 2018. [Update: APK now available] Google releases Assistant Go app on the Play Store. 2018/02/06 4:45am PST Feb 6, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google's Calculator app hits 100 million downloads on the Play Store. 2018/01/31 9:34pm PST Jan 31, 2018. [Update: Now official, more devices supported] Google releasing ARCore 1.0 at MWC, but it seems to be rolling out early. 2018/02/23 8:26am PST Feb 23, 2018. LG settles bootloop lawsuit: Members get $425 in cash or a $700 LG phone rebate [Update: Only for plaintiffs of the initial case]. 2018/01/31 2:09pm PST Jan 31, 2018. Notice a bug? Let us know here. 126 queries | 0.437s | forge. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2018. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Sony Xperia X Dual. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Sony Xperia X Dual smartphone was launched in May 2016. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 441 pixels per inch. Sony Xperia X Dual price in India starts from Rs. The Sony Xperia X Dual is powered by 1.4GHz hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 200GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Sony Xperia X Dual packs a 23-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 13-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Sony Xperia X Dual runs Android 6.0.1 and is powered by a 2620mAh non removable battery. It measures 142.70 x 69.40 x 7.90 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 153.00 grams. The Sony Xperia X Dual is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor, Gyroscope and Barometer.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Good design and build Decent screen Good camera performance Quick focusing and shooting 64GB internal storage Bad Too expensive Serious heat issues Too much bloatware Fingerprint sensor is inconsistent. Read detailed Sony Xperia X Dual review. 14,000 Limited Period Discount; Now Costs Rs. Sony Xperia X, Xperia X Compact Now Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update. Sony Xperia X Dual, Xperia Z5 Premium Dual Price Slashed in India. More Sony mobiles Sony mobiles price in India. Sony Xperia X Dual Price in India Xperia X Dual (Rose Gold, 64GB) Rs. 24,990 Xperia X Dual (Graphite Black, 64GB) Rs. Sony Xperia X Dual detailed specifications. Release date May 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 142.70 x 69.40 x 7.90 Weight (g) 153.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2620 Removable battery No Colours White, Graphite Black, Lime Gold, Rose Gold SAR value 0.71. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 441. Processor 1.4GHz hexa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 RAM 3GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 200. Rear camera 23-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 13-megapixel. Operating System Android 6.0.1 Skin Xperia UI. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer Yes Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Sony Xperia X Dual. 2 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 1 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star 2. Displaying review(s) 1- 2 of 2 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. A phone with minor problems but a beast. By Aditya Sharma | 28 Jun 2017. I have purchased this phone and believe me it is great.The back coating is great prevents any mark speakers are decent and everything is great. I mean you can nearly play any game without compromising any lag. Tge phone is a beast and literally it has great battery and using stamina mode does affect battery life by a day. Only downside is that though its camera is good but suffers from a noise due to lack of optical image stabilization. The vedio is excellent when shot with this phone but cmaera is not so great and suffers in low light. You wouldn't want to use manual mode as the pictures taken are just average. It also heats up if you use camera and its apps for a period of 4-5 min but if want a phone who can shoot decent pictures and is a beast in other fields like a performance and battery then go for it.I simply loved this phone and the design is sexy and great except for the volume button and the fingerprint sensor, which is in the power button kind of an excellent feature, but is inconsistent sometimes. Overall a great value for money with nothing to compromise as no phones are perfect but if the phone is great to look and give you everything in a great and decent way like performance and theb the cmaera provides us with nice features and a good picture then it is a flagship phone and so for me SONY XPERIA X DUAL IS A FLAGSHIP PHONE.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By vivekanand gejapati | 3 Feb 2017. I purchased this phone 2 months ago for 28000Rs.I noticed a strange problem with this phone. During calls, other person can't here properly due to defective microphone.When I searched in google, other customers also had the same problem. I contacted sony customer care several times and they asked me to repair the software.Even then the problem persisted. Ultimately I have given it in local service centre and they have sent my phone to mangalore for hardware repair. Please dont buy this defective phone.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 14,000 Limited Period Discount; Now Costs Rs. Sony Xperia X, Xperia X Compact Now Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update. Sony Xperia X Dual, Xperia Z5 Premium Dual Price Slashed in India. Sony Xperia X Dual, Xperia XA Dual Launched in India: Price, Specs, and More. Sony Xperia X Dual First Impressions. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact Sony Xperia XZ2 Sony Xperia L2 Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia R1 Plus Sony Xperia R1 Sony Xperia XA1 Plus Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact Sony Xperia XZ1 Sony Xperia L1 Sony Xperia XA1 Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Sony Xperia XZs Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia X Compact Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia E5 Dual Sony Xperia E5 Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Dual Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia XA Dual Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia Z5 Dual Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual Sony Xperia M5 Dual. Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe Zs570kl vs. Sony Xperia Xa Ultra vs. Sony Xperia X Dual vs. Sony Xperia Xa Dual Sony Xperia Xzs vs. Sony Xperia X Dual Meizu M3 Note vs. Sony Xperia X Dual vs. Xiaomi Mi 4i Asus Zenfone 3 Ze552kl vs. Sony Xperia X Dual Samsung Galaxy Note7 vs. Sony Xperia X Dual vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Huawei Honor 5c Lte vs. Sony Xperia X Dual vs. Htc Desire 828 Dual Sim LG Q6 vs. Sony Xperia X Dual Motorola Moto G5s Plus vs. Sony Xperia X Dual Sony Xperia X Dual vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Asus Zenfone 3 Laser vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia 6 (2018) Android One Phone With Snapdragon 630 Launched at MWC 2018. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Sony Xperia X Dual in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Products Smartphones Alcatel Android Apple Archos ASUS Bargain Deals BlackBerry Cat Doro Dual SIM Google Honor HTC Smartphones Huawei Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia Nuu Mobile OnePlus Panasonic Toughpad Planet Computers Razer Rugged Phones Samsung Sony Toughphone Waterproof Phones Wileyfox Windows Phone Zebra Refurbished Phones Motorola Nokia Samsung Gaming Microsoft Xbox Nintendo Sony Playstation Tablets Apple Archos Cat Kodak Lenovo Linx Motorola Samsung Accessories Acer Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Brodit CAT Doro General Google Honor HP HTC Huawei Jabra Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Memory Microsoft Motorola Motorola Solutions Nokia Panasonic Samsung Sony Wileyfox Zebra Lifestyle Android Auto & Apple CarPlay Dash Cams Drones Fitness Gadgets & Fun Headphones & Hands Free Mobile Gaming Smart Home Smart Watches Speakers WiFi Dongles Memory Smart Wearables Fitness Wristbands Smart Watches Clearance / Special Offers Cables and Chargers Cases Miscellaneous Items Screen Protectors Information Contact Us About Us Delivery Information Returns Terms and Conditions International Customers. Alcatel Android Apple Archos ASUS Bargain Deals BlackBerry Cat Doro Dual SIM Google Honor HTC Smartphones Huawei Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia Nuu Mobile OnePlus Panasonic Toughpad Planet Computers Razer Rugged Phones Samsung Sony Toughphone Waterproof Phones Wileyfox Windows Phone Zebra. Nokia 301 - Black - EE Locked - GRADE A. Motorola Moto G 4G - Black - EE Locked - GRADE A. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 - White - 4G - Unlocked - Grade A. Apple Archos Cat Kodak Lenovo Linx Motorola Samsung. The Latest Range of Smartphone, Mobile Technology & Mobile Phone Accessories. Acer Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Brodit CAT Doro General Google Honor HP HTC Huawei Jabra Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Memory Microsoft Motorola Motorola Solutions Nokia Panasonic Samsung Sony Wileyfox Zebra. Olixar Multi-Length Charge & Sync USB Type-C to Type-A Cables. Android Auto & Apple CarPlay Dash Cams Drones Fitness Gadgets & Fun Headphones & Hands Free Mobile Gaming Smart Home Smart Watches Speakers WiFi Dongles. Sony Xperia X (SIM Free / UK). SIM Free / Unlocked UK Stock. Reasons to buy the Sony Xperia X. 23 MP Sony camera sensor with Predictive Hybrid Autofocus. Lossless 5x Clear Zoom and <0.1 second autofocus. Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 & 3GB RAM. 32 GB storage & micro SD support up to 200 GB. 3 pin UK Sony mains charger. Do you have a question? Your Name: Your Email: Your Question: Security:. To ensure we do not get spammed by robots filling in this form, please would you type in the largest number from this list - 37, 15, 50, 58, 8. Be the first to write a review!. Friendly staff based in the UK. Active on socail media including Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram & Google. With over 20 years of trading behind us, we can boast a large customer base ranging from individual consumers through to large corporate and government organisations here in the UK and internationally.. Whether you are looking for a case, a cable or a number of smartphones for your staff, just some of the reasons to chosoe Clove are:. See what existing customers think of us. CLICK HERE to see our Trusted Shops rating or to find out more, view our About Us page.. If you have any questions then please call us on 44 (0)1202 552936 or email sales@clove.co.uk.. The competitor must be located in the UK. The item must be the same specification & colour. The item must be originally intended to be sold in the same sales region (UK). The competitor must have the product in stock. Full web address of other item:. We are committed to giving you the best prices possible so if you find an identical product elsewhere then fill out our form and let us know.. We will always try to match a competitors price but cannot guarantee that we will be able to.. To qualify for a price match:. Any item we price match will include delivery costs. For any further details please call us on +44(0)1202 552936. WHY CHOOSE US. The Sony Xperia X has now been discontinued.. As an alternative, you might be interested in the Sony Xperia XA2. Sony Mobile introduces an evolution of the Xperia™ brand to redefine communications. The new X series bring increasingly personalised and intelligent products to enrich your everyday life. This is achieved by delivering high-end technology and software solutions into its newest devices to give you the latest and greatest smartphones.. Clove Technology only sell official UK specification SIM Free and factory unlocked smartphones for use on any UK / EU network.. For 4G / LTE support outside of the EU, please check the specifications and your local carrier.. At Clove Technology we go the extra mile to providing you with the latest technology.. Like our other smartphones, this is an official UK version of the Xperia X, including 3 pin UK mains charger, 24 month Sony warranty and is unlocked for use on all UK & European networks with a nano SIM card.. The Sony Xperia X will be available with 32GB of main storage in Graphite Black, Lime Gold, Rose Gold and White. The Sony Xperia X is one of the devices to feature in Sony's new X series line. With this new range Sony is bringing curved glass to the whole series along with minimal bezel for a flawless edge to edge design that feels comfortable in your hand.. You would expect Sony to deliver in the camera department and they haven’t disappointed, introducing predictive Hybrid Autofocus. This clever camera technology lets you choose your subject and then predicts its motion, so you can capture the action in perfect focus, free from blur.. If the only camera you have is the one on your phone, Sony want to make sure a Xperia X is the first and only choice for image enthusiasts.. Sony developed fast Hybrid Autofocus on the Z5 series , capable of focussing in just 0.03 seconds (in accordance with CIPA guidelines). This is made possible with two technologies: contrast-detection for accuracy and phase-detection for speed.. With the Xperia X they have again stepped up in the camera department and introduced Predictive Hybrid Autofocus. This fantastic piece of camera technology has been taken from Sony’s Alpha range of professional cameras. It allows you to choose your subject and then it predicts its motion, so you can capture the action in perfect focus, free from blur.. Combine this with a quick launch time of < 0.03 sec., touch focus capture and this device takes spontaneous capture to another level allowing you to shoot in sharp focus, even in the spur-of-the-moment. This phone delivers a standby to capture time of less than 0.6 seconds. Get closer with Sony's Clear Image Zoom - a 5x lossless digital zoom function that enlarges your view without the usual noise and blurring.. Just like the Z5, the Xperia X has the award-winning G Lens which features a wide-angle 24mm lens to capture as much light as possible and keep everything in frame. This means that Sony still deliver fantastic low-light performance and you will struggle to find any smartphone on the market that beats them in this department.. It's not all about serious technology improvements though, Sony have kept their suite of fun features to use with your camera so you can get creative with your shots.. You can add stickers, doodles and messages with the AR Effect mode, as well as using post editing tools to improve the look of your shots (or the subject!). Try the Style Portrait mode to edit during or after the picture.. Lastly – as you would come to expect with Sony’s Omni-balance design they have kept the dedicated camera button. This almost unique feature in today’s smartphones not only launches the camera application from wherever you may be in the phone but, it also gives you tactile control over taking the picture, getting your hand away from the screen.. The latest software from Android comes preloaded on the Xperia X series and with it arrives a host of great features that improve the user interface and user experience.. One main software change is Android 6.0 Marshmallow's new ‘Now on Tap’ feature. All you need to do is just touch and hold the home button of your device and information – as well as apps – will appear depending on what you're reading, watching or listening to.. There have also been improvements in battery optimisation with a new feature called ‘Doze’ and a new app standby aspect. Doze automatically puts your device into a sleep state so it can save battery when the device isn’t in use. Combine this with smarter app standby control which means seldom used apps are not draining your power, so there are some worthwhile battery improvements with Android 6.0.. These are just a few of the features, to explore all the enhancements that Google have brought with Marshmallow check out this link - https://goo.gl/SmgMlN. Security is a necessity on smartphones and the X series has a host of features ensures you can keep your content and personal details safe.. Connect your Xperia X to a PC or Mac and install the Xperia companion software. From here you can locate your phone, make it ring and factory wipe it. You can also ensure the phone is locked down if stolen, making it unable to be unlocked, wiped or information retrieved without access to your personal credentials.. As an extra you can also use the fingerprint sensor, included in the redesigned power button on the right hand side of the phone. Use this to ensure no-one other than you can unlock your phone.. Of course this wouldn't be a flagship smartphone without paying lip-service to the basics. As always with a new Xperia device, Sony have ensured the latest tech is available in the Xperia X.. The 5.0" Full HD 1920 x 1080 display maintains excellent colour reproduction and viewing angles, thanks to Sony's TRILUMINOS and X-Reality processing.. Processing is handled by the latest, top of the range Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 and bolstered with 3GB of RAM. This means high performance use, allowing you to heavily multitask as well as delivering powerful 3D graphics.. As with any top of the range smartphone, you can expect a full range of connectivity options from dual-band Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi Direct Miracast streaming and content sharing, assisted GPS with GLONASS and Beidou support, Bluetooth 4.2 and NFC for one-touchpairing and payments.. The Xperia X has some truly beautiful design features that make it one of the most aesthetic pleasing smartphones on the market today. Firstly the 5.0” Inch Full HD screen curves at the edges of the device slightly so now it feels like a high end device in the palm of your hand. Sony has also given this screen an oleophobic coating to resist fingerprint marks and smudges. This coating also makes the screen much easier to clean so if any smudges do appear they can simply be wiped off without leaving smear marks.. A Fingerprint Sensor is very important for security, but it is also makes using your phone much quicker and much more convenient. This is most definitely the case on the Xperia X as the fingerprint sensor is built into the power key so you can wake up the device and unlock it, all with one press. This is unique in the flagship smartphone space which shows just how much attention Sony is paying to its design.. Currently the industry leaders in the global console market, PS4 Remote Play allows you to stream content from your PS4 directly to your phone screen.. This can be anything from stored videos or music to fully installed PS4 games!. If someone else needs the TV, you can continue the action on your Xperia X smartphone.. The Dualshock 4 controller can be paired directly to your Xperia X device, and you can use the GCM10 Game Control Mount to hold the phone in a comfortable playing position.. Note - for best performance, PS4 Remote Play is recommended to be run on the same network, with the PS4 system having a wired LAN connection to the Internet.. Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels (~441 ppi pixel density). Other Scratch-resistant glass, oleophobic coating, Triluminos display & X-Reality Engine. Frequencies 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. Frequencies 800 / 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. Frequencies LTE bands 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 19(800), 20(800), 26(850), 28(700), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). Hardware Buttons Power / Volume / Camera. Flash Auto Focus and LED Flash. Camera Lens 1/2.3" Exmor™ RS for mobile sensor, Predictive Hybrid AF, Quick launch < 0.03 sec, 5x Clear Image Zoom, 24mm wide-angle G Lens F2.0, F2.0. Type 13 MP 1/3" Exmor™ RS for mobile sensor. Dimensions 142.7 x 69.4 x 7.9 mm. Other PlayStation Certified PS4, Remote Play, Sony 3D Surround Sound technology (VPT), Clear Audio - Sound improvement software, xLoud™ Experience, DSEE HX, High-res audio. The following is a list of Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) about this product. Hopefully you will find the answer to your question, if not, use the contact form below and we shall answer it for you.. Yes - If you are located outside of the UK you may want to take a look at our list of FAQs for international customers on the following link: http://www.clove.co.uk/international-customers.aspx. Is this phone SIM FREE and Unlocked?. Yes, this phone is unlocked and can be used with networks around the world.. Do check the specifications to ensure compatibility in your region with your network provider. No SIM card or contract applies to this phone.. Unless the description of the product suggests otherwise (I.e. EX-DEMO) then this product is brand new and has not been used before.. No - There is only the manufacturer’s branding.. Does the phone have a Micro SDHC/memory card slot?. Yes – this phone supports up to 200GB of external storage. What SIM card does this phone use?. This phone takes a Nano SIM card. Yes – this phone is compatible on international LTE Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 18, 19, 20, 25, 26, 28, 38, 39, 40, 41. Does this phone have a removable battery?. Does this phone have a fingerprint sensor?. Yes - The sensor is built into the power key on the side of the handset. Does this phone have 4K video recording?. To ensure we do not get spammed by robots filling in this form, please would you type in the largest number from this list - 37, 15, 50, 58, 8. Olixar 2-in-1 MicroUSB and Lightning Cable Key. Juice Micro USB Charge & Sync Cable. Just Wireless Micro USB Charge & Sync Cable. Olixar Multi-Length Charge & Sync Micro USB Cables. Dash Crab Mono Premium Leather Car Vent Mount. Pama Universal CD Mount Holder for Smartphones & Tablets. Olixar Universal Magnetic Windscreen & Dash Mount Holder. iGRIP Tablet Gripper Headrest - T5-1880. Case-Mate Barely There Case - Sony Xperia X. Sony Xperia X SCR52 Style Cover Flip. Sony Xperia X SCR50 Style Cover Touch. Olixar International (UK/EU/US/AUS) USB Mains Fast Charger. MicroUSB UK (3 Pin) Mains Charger. Sony SBH56 Bluetooth Headset with Speaker. Sony Xperia X User Manual Printing Service. MiPow PLAYBULB Smart Bluetooth LED Speaker Light. Concepter IBLAZR 2 Wireless LED Flash. Whoosh! Device Cleaner Duo 100ml and 8ml Bottles with Cloth. Whoosh! 30ml Device Cleaner with Microfibre Cloth. Clove Technology Microfibre Cleaning Cloth - WHITE. Call us on +44 (0)1202 552936 | Email us at sales@clove.co.uk. © Copyright Design and Content Clove Technology. © Copyright Coding and Touch E-commerce platform from Online Retailing. This item has been added to your basket.. This item has been added to your compare list.. 
http:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ articles/ article.php? a=17867. Review: Sony Xperia X - Unlocked. The Xperia X is an unlocked Android smartphone that Sony is selling directly to consumers. The phone departs from Sony's Xperia Z series in ways that are both good and bad. This compact handset works with AT&T and T-Mobile, delivers good battery life, and has an excellent camera. It's a shame that so many features have been stripped out. Here is Phonescoop's full review of the Xperia X from Sony.. The Xperia X is a mid-range handset that Sony is selling directly to consumers through its web site. The phone supports AT&T and T-Mobile LTE, and targets the unlocked market, as opposed to carrier-branded phones. If you value independence from wireless network operators, the Xperia X is worth a look.. The Xperia X sees Sony taking a slightly new direction with its smartphones. The X series seemingly supplants the Z series as Sony's main line of devices moving forward. Of the first three Xperia X handsets announced, the X sits in the middle, sandwiched between the high-end X Performance, and the low-end XA. Using it, the Xperia X is plainly a mid-market phone through and through.. The design isn't all that dissimilar to the outgoing Xperia Z5 family. The X has a metal-looking frame with a glass front and a simple slab shape. If you've been paying attention to the evolution of Sony's stark design language you'll immediately recognize the Xperia X as a Sony. Perhaps the biggest departure from the old Z series is the X's use of metal for the rear panel rather than glass, and the use of polycarbonate for the frame rather than aluminum. These changes don't impact the look all that much, but they do alter the phone's experience dramatically as far as hand feel is concerned.. I appreciate Sony's use of "2.5D Glass" where the display meets the edges. It helps smooth out the seam a bit. The side edges and corners have pleasing curves so the phone never digs into your skin. I miss the glass rear panel a bit, but the metal still works. Sony still can't seem to avoid humongous bezels, but the Xperia X does make some improvement in that regard.. The Xperia X is a compact device. The 5-inch screen allowed Sony to keep the overall dimensions in check. I found the device enjoyable to use for several days. Most people should be able to hold and use the phone with one hand, meaning the device will work for those who have smaller hands. It fits in pockets no problem.. I'm not 100% sold on the build. Sony generally uses top-notch materials, but this is where the Xperia X takes a step in the wrong direction. As noted, the frame is polycarbonate, not metal. The front glass panel is fitted into the frame tightly enough, but the rear metal cover is a different story. A thick and obvious seam separates the metal and plastic and, worse, it is uneven. These may be eyesores to me and me alone, but make no mistake, they're there. The frame and rear panel both have matte finishes that some people will like and others will not. The Xperia X does not feel cheap at any point, but it also doesn't feel like the high-end phones we know Sony can put together.. The phone comes in gray, white, rose gold, and lime gold. The display itself stands out starkly on the white and gold models, but blends in a bit better on the gray model. Other than the display, the front glass houses the user-facing camera and a sensor, which are easily spotted. There are two slits in the glass, one above and one below the screen, for the earpiece and microphone, respectively, and stereo speakers. The X does not have any buttons on front, as it uses on-screen controls.. Sony stuck a user-friendly SIM card tray on the left edge. The tray can be removed without a SIM tool or paperclip thanks to a notch that lets you dig it out with your thumbnail. The tray holds both SIM and memory cards. The headphone jack is on top and the micro USB port is on bottom.. The Xperia X's physical buttons are arranged identically to that of the Xperia Z5 Compact. Trust me when I say this is not a good thing.. The screen lock / power key is located about in the middle of the right edge and sits lower than the frame. It's easy to find thanks to the huge indentation in the frame, but travel and feedback are absolutely awful. The toggle is perched near the bottom right corner of the phone. The camera button is somehow crammed in below it. I can find the buttons easily, and travel and feedback are decent; these aren't the problem. The problem is location location location.. I hold my phone in my right hand, and often place my thumb along the bottom right edge of the phone to stabilize it. I found myself adjusting the volume and turning the camera on and off accidentally far, far too frequently.. The rear panel may be made of metal, but it's really darned boring. Sure, the matte finish is decent, but the panel is a flat rectangle with no personality whatsoever.. Sony phones haven't had accessible batteries for years and that's no different with the Xperia X. The metal cover is glued to the frame and cannot be removed without damaging the phone. No battery access may be a dealbreaker for some people.. Last, but not least, the Xperia X is not waterproof like the Xperia Z series. You have to upgrade to the significantly more expensive X Performance if you want a waterproof Sony. Further, the X for the U.S. market doesn't have a fingerprint sensor nor any other sort of biometrics for securing the phone. Sony gave the Xperia X a fine display. It measures 5 inches across the diagonal with full HD (1920 by 1080 pixel) resolution. The LCD panel includes Sony's TriLuminos and X-Reality technologies to improve color and clarity. The colors certainly pop, and the display is bright enough for indoor and outdoor use. I think the size and pixel count provide more than enough clarity and can't say whether or not X-Reality helped improve it. The display offers fantastic viewing angles and avoids fingerprints like the plague. The Xperia X is sold unlocked with support for AT&T and T-Mobile's LTE networks. I tested it on both AT&T and T-Mobile's 4G networks around New York City and was mostly pleased with the Xperia X's cellular performance.. The phone was able to make calls in strong and weak coverage environments alike and didn't drop calls on either network, even at highway speeds. Call setup times were quick, and the phone didn't miss any calls on either network. The Xperia X was somewhat faster on T-Mobile's LTE 4G network than AT&T's LTE 4G network, but not by much. This could be because the phone doesn't support AT&T's LTE Bands 29 and 30. The phone had no trouble finding LTE, but it did dip down to HSPA 3G more often than some phones. Either way, the phone was fast enough on both AT&T and T-Mobile to interact with Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and the Play Store with no trouble.. The X is an acceptable voice phone. Sound quality through the earpiece is pretty good. Voices are warm, but sometimes prone to distortion. The X is loud enough for use at home or the office, but hearing calls in the car or on busy city streets was difficult. People I spoke to through the X said I sounded “just okay.”. The speakerphone is close to useless. The quality drops noticeably, as most calls are riddled with distortion. Setting the volume up all the way won't help you hear calls in your car, or other noisy spaces. Ringers and alerts are plenty loud (somehow) and always got my attention. The vibrate mechanism provides enough of a jolt.. I'll take a moment here to point out that the Xperia X has stereo speakers with Dolby sound. The phone rocks as a mini boombox. I was easily able to fill my office with music thanks to the serious sound pumped out by the twin amplifiers. It also filled my garage while I was doing some yard work, but it doesn't quite push enough air for real outdoor use. Watching video, whether movies from Google Play or the latest silliness on YouTube, was always enjoyable thanks to the great sound quality.. The Xperia X ships with a 2,620 mAh battery that has a few tricks up its Lithium Ion sleeves. First, the battery lasts beyond one-and-a-half days. The Xperia X often pushed beyond lunch on the second day. Few phones deliver that much longevity from this size battery.. For example, 10 minutes plugged into a charger will add 5.5 hours of life to the battery. The battery takes well under two hours to recharge fully from 0%. We can thank Quick Charge for this rapid-charging skill.. Third, Sony is making use of technology from Qnovo to extend battery life; not daily battery life, mind you, but the overall longevity of the battery itself. It uses adaptive charging technology and can prevent the battery from losing capacity over time. In other words, after a year of daily charging cycles, the Xperia X battery should have a higher percentage of its capacity still available than most other batteries.. Last, the Xperia X includes three power management tools: Battery Saver Mode, Power Saver Mode, and Ultra Power Saver Mode. Between these and the already-very-good battery life, you can't get away with telling so-and-so that your phone died and that's why you didn't respond to their text.. All of the secondary radios do the jobs they were designed to do. I was particularly pleased with the Bluetooth radio, which connected to a range of speakers, headsets, and so on. Call quality was definitely below average via headsets and my car's hands-free system, but music sounded excellent via several different speakers. Sony's codec really helped improve music playback.. Let's talk about the NFC radio for a second. There's an incredibly unsightly sticker on the front of the phone next to the selfie camera. This sticker signifies the location of the NFC radio. Yep, the NFC radio is on the FRONT of the phone. It's much easier to use the NFC radio when you can actually seen the screen to know that it's been read by a nearby device. Seriously, this is the dumbest location I've seen for an NFC radio. Worse, the sticker itself is almost impossible to remove. Let's just say that, yes, the NFC radio does work, but not in a user-friendly way.. The X's GPS radio functioned just fine. It partnered up with Google Maps to locate me quickly and accurately. It placed me on the map with accuracy as good as 30 to 40 feet. The X worked well as a navigation device.. The WiFi radio didn't give me any problems.. Hands On with Sony's Xperia X Series. The X Series is an interesting new range of phones from Sony. Although they all look similar, the various specs cover a surprisingly wide range of the market from affordable to high-end, the models hit on a number of current trends.. Sony's Xperia X Series to Reach US In June. Sony today said it plans to bring its Xperia X range of handsets to the U.S. Today Sony announced the Xperia X series at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. The new phones focus on performance in two core areas: camera and battery.. Sony Talks Up Plans for Android 7 Nougat. Sony today highlighted which devices it plans to update to Android 7 Nougat. Sony will make Nougat available to the: Xperia Z3+ and Z4 Tablet; Xperia Z5, Z5 Compact, and Z5 Premium; and the Xperia X, XA, XA Ultra, and X Performance.. Sony Committed to US, Despite Lacking Carrier Deals. Sony today said it plans to bring its new X Series handsets to the U.S., even if only via its own online sales channel. The company reiterated its commitment to the U.S.. 3 GB RAM 2,620 mAh battery. Fingerprint Reader, NFC, Headphone Jack (3.5mm), Memory Card Slot. Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
