GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (3CA) Cat13 600/150 Mbps. 142 x 70 x 9.7 mm (5.59 x 2.76 x 0.38 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~75.0% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~424 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 23 MP (f/2.0, 24mm, 1/2.3"), phase detection autofocus, LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama. 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30fps, stereo sound rec., HDR, check quality. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. 2.0, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector; USB Host. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, IM, Push Email. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 3.0). Basemark OS II: 1690 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 1548 Basemark X: 14312. Contrast ratio: 1327:1 (nominal), 2.938 (sunlight). Voice 68dB / Noise 72dB / Ring 78dB. Also known as Sony Xperia XA2 Dual with dual-SIM card slots. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Sony Xperia XA2 - user opinions and reviews. i got 2 days with spotify turned on for at least 40-50% of time (mostly not saved music), some moderate browsing answering some calls (approx 10 overall), with LTE on. Stamina activated at 20% of battery.. How's that no one is addressing the low quality of audio recording in any video preferences!. It sounds like the phone is in a barrel, or a theatre, or a huge hall... It's just bad and I'm not sure it can be fixed by future updates, it's a hardware .... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia XA1 Sony Xperia XZ1 Sony Xperia XA1 Plus Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia XA. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (38). Sony Xperia XA2 features a 5.2-inch full HD (1080p) display and a Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor, paired with 3GB RAM and 32GB expandable storage. Also, the phone comes with a 23-megapixel main camera, a 8-megapixel wide-angle selfie unit and a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor.. Sony Xperia XA2 & XA2 Ultra Review Sony Xperia XA2 manual Sony Xperia XA2 benchmarks. Dimensions: 5.59 x 2.76 x 0.38 inches (142 x 70 x 9.7 mm). Weight: 6.03 oz (171 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Display Physical size: 5.2 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 4), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Digital image stabilization, Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (60 fps). Features: Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Octa-core, 2200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 14 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 39.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 36.0 days (863 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 29.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 41.3 days (991 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Stand-by time (4G): 49.4 days (1185 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 25, 28, 29, 66. Data: LTE-A Cat 12/13 (600/150 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Accelerometer, Compass, Step detector, Step counter. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 08 Jan 2018. Shopping information Accessories: Charger, USB Type-C cable for charging and user documentation. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Sony Xperia XA2 (H4113). UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20. Sony Xperia XA2 (H3113). UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20. Sony Xperia XA2 (H3133). UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 8, 28. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. Sony Xperia XA2 (H4133). UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 8, 28. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Sony Xperia XA2 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Sony Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and L2 price and availability revealed. Sony Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra vs. Xperia XA1 and XA1 Ultra - what's new?. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra and Xperia L2 now up for pre-order in the US. Sony releases official hands-on video to present the Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, Xperia L2. Size comparison: Sony Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra vs other midrangers. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. The Sony Xperia XA2 is a solid Android phone at a sensible price, although the design will date quickly and the real-world battery stamina doesn't quite seem to match the spec.. Sony Xperia XA2 price and availability Costs £299/$349 (around AU$450) Launched in February 2018 Key features Typical Sony design Upgraded to 1080p display Large 3,300mAh battery Design Chunky classic Xperia design Metal sides, plastic rear No water resistance Screen Color tone can range from super-saturated to very calm 5.2-inch 1080p LCD screen 16:9 aspect rather than the newer 18:9 style. The Sony Xperia XA2 is a mid-range Android phone. It looks similar to 2017’s Sony Xperia XA1 , but has a 1080p screen rather than 720p, and the battery has been bumped to 3,300mAh.. The design ensures it feels like a product of 2017, as phones with 18:9 screens like the Honor 9 Lite and Huawei P Smart have a more dynamic up-to-date look than the Xperia XA2.. But Sony’s high-resolution 23MP camera sensor outperforms the competition in many situations, even if you do have to be savvy to get the most out of it.. The Sony Xperia XA2 was released in February 2018, an era of Android 8.0 and phones with barely any screen border. It costs $349 in the US and £299 in the UK. That makes it more expensive than the Xperia XA1 was at launch.. There's also an Xperia XA2 Ultra , which costs £379, $449 and has a 6-inch screen. This isn't one of the new ultra-wide screen phones. The Sony Xperia XA2 has a 5.2-inch screen, making it a relatively small phone. However, Sony has prioritized a big battery over a super-slim frame, making this thicker than the XA1 to fit in a 3,300mAh cell.. You get a good mid-range Snapdragon 630 chipset, powerful enough to do just about everything without obvious compromise, and 32GB storage.. Typical of a Sony at this sort of price, the camera is a little different, though. It has a single, very high-res 23MP sensor, just like the Xperia XA1. It handles indoor shooting better - and can render more detail - than most of the 13MP cameras used by other "affordable" phones.. It doesn't match the OnePlus 5T camera, though, before you get too excited.. As each month passes, we see more phones with 18:9 screens. These expand the display, to leave less space above and below. The result? A cutting-edge look and more screen area without any increase in the phone footprint.. The Sony Xperia XA2 does not have one of these screens. It's a traditional 16:9 phone, which gives it a squat vibe up against some of its obvious competitors. The Moto G5S ? Nope, that's another 16:9 phone, but the Huawei P Smart, Oppo F5 and Honor 9 Lite all have this new kind of screen.. And you'll see the bigger names like Moto, Samsung and LG start to filter this style into their lower-mid-range phones in 2018. The 16:9 aspect ratio matched to a relatively fat 9.7mm thickness and Sony’s usual rectangular design makes the Sony Xperia XA2 seem a chunky little mobile. It's also quite heavy at 171g. Despite the added bulk, there's no official water resistance.. This is not a phone you pick up and say "wow, that's so light". However, it is easy to use and doesn't have the finger-stretching feel of some of Sony's larger Xperia models.. The Sony Xperia XA2's sides and top are aluminum, with beveled edges on the top/bottom plates to reveal a glint of the metal underneath. It looks good, but shows off scratches readily, so think twice before putting the phone in a pocket with your keys or a load of coins.. Other aspects of the build are just okay for the price too. The Sony Xperia XA2's back is plastic. It doesn't flex, avoiding the obvious tell of a cheaper plastic phone, but Moto, Honor and Huawei phones at the price make greater use of glass and metal.. Part of the Xperia XA2's back is down to cost, part is to help separate it from Sony's more expensive models.. That doesn't also mean cutting out the fingerprint scanner, as the XA2 has one on its back (even in the US where Sony phones typically don't). It is well positioned and reliable, if not the fastest we've used. Coming out of standby takes about 1.5 seconds.. As we've mentioned several times, the Sony Xperia XA2 does not have an extra-wide aspect ratio screen. However, it is much higher-res than its predecessor the XA1.. A resolution of 1080p makes text and images look pin-sharp. At 5.2 inches you'd actively have to try to notice the difference in sharpness between this and a phone of higher pixel density.. On first switching the Xperia XA2 on, its colors seem a little muted. However, this is because it (with launch software at least) disables all its clever color optimization as standard.. Dip into the Settings menu and you’ll find Standard (yes, it's not on as standard) and Super-vivid modes that increase color saturation and contrast. Super-vivid makes the Xperia XA2 look closer to a flagship Xperia.. As the phone has an LCD screen, contrast is never going to match an OLED, but you won't notice in most conditions. In a lit room, the screen's blacks merge into the black surround.. Similar to other Xperias, the white balance is slightly blue-skewed, which promotes the perception of brightness but doesn't appeal to all eyes. There are color temperature controls too, but as usual Sony's are among the least friendly.. Fiddling around with separate red, green and blue sliders makes you feel like you're calibrating a TV, not tweaking a phone screen.. Next Page Battery life and camera. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Sign up for our daily newsletter. Toggle menus Toggle search. Technology Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Sony is now serious about mid-range. The Xperia XA2 is pretty much faultless for the price You are here: Home Sony Sony Xperia XA2 review: Sony is now serious about mid-range. whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Design Sony Xperia XA2 review: Display Sony Xperia XA2 review: Performance Sony Xperia XA2 review: Camera Sony Xperia XA2 review: Verdict. The Sony Xperia XA2 is the latest in a long line of Sony phones I’ve reviewed since joining Alphr and, in looking it up for this article, that includes a couple I don’t even remember holding. The weird string of numbers and letters, the familiar angular shape, the reliable (but often overpriced) devices and the inevitable conclusion that “it’s alright, but you’re probably better off buying the cheaper/better X, Y or Z” mean that few have stood out.. Th XA2, however, is the first Sony device since the charming Xperia Z5 Compact that I’ve actually kept using for a while after the review has been filed and published. It’s a nippy, smart-looking phone and, unusually for a mid-range Sony device, entirely reasonably priced.. This feels like Sony taking the midrange market seriously and, given how competitive things are at the top end right now, where the company insists that its 4K magic beans may one day grow into something to rival a Samsung , that might just be a masterstroke.. Sony Xperia XA2 32 GB Android O Dual UK SIM-Free Smartphone - Black (Amazon Exclusive). READ NEXT: Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra review. If you’ve seen any Sony phone in the last three or four years, you know what to expect, because on design it has barely moved. The sides are slightly more rounded this time around but it’s still angular – closer to a brick than many modern phones but a rather sleek, thin brick. It can feel a little pointy in the hand or pocket but not as much as the larger XA2 Ultra or older Sony models for that matter.. Despite the angles, it looks premium, just a touch more austere and – dare I say it – business-like than rivals at this price. If there’s one big positive to take from Sony’s rigid consistency of style, it’s that there’s not much to separate this from the more expensive XZ models from the outside. The fingerprint sensor has been moved to a slightly less useful position (it’s on the backplate, rather than the side) but you’d have to be a real smartphone obsessive to spot that from 20 paces.. The bezel tops and tails the screen but, to the left and right, the screen stretches most of the way to the edges. USB Type-C charging is here, of course, as is a 3.5mm headphone jack. There’s also room for microSD card expansion, although bafflingly you mount the card in a fiddly, spring-lock slot rather than a tray, despite it sitting under the same cover as the tray-based SIM card.. You might think this makes it easier to access your microSD card, but no – remove the cover, and your SIM card comes out too and, this being a Sony phone, that causes your phone to restart. Still, this is only a minor inconvenience, so it’s hardly the end of the world.. One other (very minor) issue I have with the design is the speaker grate at the top, which is deep but thin. The thinness makes it almost invisible, were it not for the grit and muck it seems to attract. And because it’s so thin, it’s quite hard to keep clean.. If you’ve been enviously looking at those new-fangled 18:9 screens, then you’ll want to look elsewhere ( may I suggest the Honor 7X , which has this in the same price bracket). If you’re happy with the classic 1080p 16:9 display then the Xperia XA2 is a very solid performer.. The phone is only 5.2in in size, which would have sounded gigantic a few years ago but time waits for no handset, meaning that 1080p is ample. Unless you plan to dig deep into VR you won’t notice the difference between this and something with many more pixels. I wouldn’t normally hammer this point quite so aggressively, but there’s a chance someone from Sony will be reading and I want to emphasise that their pursuit of 4K on small screens is utterly pointless.. Anyway, you’re a sensible type so you know that a good screen comes down to three things: sRGB coverage, brightness and contrast. And on every metric, the XA2 punches well above its £300 weight. With the default “Super Vivid” display mode engaged, 96.5% of the sRGB colour spectrum is covered, with a respectable contrast of 1,167:1. A peak brightness of 507cd/m2 means it’s also perfectly readable on a sunny day and that’s really all you can ask for.. Compared with the aforementioned Honor 7X, it’s considerably more vibrant but has less contrast. You can pick which is more important to you, but personally, I’d back the Xperia, all else being equal.. You don’t get world-beating performance for £300 but most people will find the Sony Xperia XA2 perfectly acceptable for everyday use. It’s powered by Qualcomm’s latest mid-range processor: a 1.95GHz octa-core Snapdragon 635 backed up by 3GB RAM and 32GB of onboard storage.. What this means in real terms is you’re looking at a handset that’s a bit faster than the middling HTC U11 Life (£349) and excellent Honor 7X (£270), but slower than the Moto Z2 Play (£300) and Huawei Honor 9 (£380). It is, give or take a tiny margin of error, identical to its bigger brother, the Xperia XA2 Ultra (£379).. That puts Sony in uncharted waters: being the value option in a smartphone league table, seemingly striking the right balance between price and performance.. Still, this isn’t the phone for you if you want to play the latest intensive mobile games. While the likes of Words with Friends and Candy Crush Saga will perform without any hiccups, you’ll find it struggles with Asphalt or Modern Combat 5. Likewise, performance is fine with normal use, but try and multitask too much and things will take a hit. But again: what do you expect for a £300 smartphone?. Battery life is pretty impressive and, while it managed a decent 14 hours and 27 minutes in our standard looped video battery test in flight mode with the screen set to a brightness of 170cd/m2, anecdotally this is a phone that will comfortably make it through two days with careful use. At the time of writing, ten hours and 40 minutes since the last full charge, my handset has 67% of its life left and, at current usage, the phone’s power management app reckons it should last me a further 22 hours.. There is, however, one small blot on the Xperia XA2’s copybook: it has an awful lot of nonsense installed by default. To be clear, none of this is compulsory and it can all be uninstalled but the company must know that bundling both Kobo and Amazon Kindle on the phone by default is overkill and that a few notifications of offers from Xperia Lounge is all anybody can really take before killing it with fire.. Cameras are often the weak spot in mid range cameras, with manufacturers choosing to bamboozle with big megapixel numbers, rather than providing good performance. And an f/2.0 23-megapixel rear snapper might make you think Sony has done the same. The main camera features a 1/2.3in sensor, phase-detect autofocus and a single-colour LED flash and the results are very nice indeed – at least in well-lit, outdoor conditions. As you can see from the picture below, both the wispy cloud and brickwork are picked up with excellent fidelity.. In low light it’s another story, with compression artefacts and chroma noise emerging but, given many phone cameras struggle with these problems to some degree, it’s hardly surprising the Sony Xperia XA2 isn’t flawless here.. As for video, the XA2 is able to record 4K video at up to 30fps but that’s not immediately obvious. Bizarrely, the 4K mode is hived off in the creative modes part of the camera app. The next is that you can’t shoot 1080p at 60fps with Sony’s superb SteadyCam image stabilisation enabled. That drops the frame rate to 30fps and the same holds true for HDR recording. Again, fine for most people – especially at this price – but slightly disappointing.. From reviewing many a Xperia phone over the years, I was expecting my conclusion here to be more of the same.. Sony Xperia XA2 32 GB Android O Dual UK SIM-Free Smartphone - Black (Amazon Exclusive). Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra review: A big, brilliant brute of a smartphone. Honor 7X review: Meet the new budget flagship king. OnePlus 5T review: Now comes with striking new "Sandstone White" finish. That isn’t the case with the Xperia XA2. For £300, you have a very reasonably-priced handset that barely puts a foot wrong. It looks the part, has a very nice screen and a camera that performs admirably in well-lit conditions.. There’s just a single fly in the ointment: the marginally weaker Honor 7X retails for £30 cheaper and has recently been seen for as little as £240. It also has one of those new-fangled 18:9 screens if that’s important to you.. Still, for me personally, the Xperia XA2 is an excellent smartphone and it’s seriously made me consider Sony when my contract expires in four months’ time. Apple Watch 3 Google Pixel 2 Kodi Oculus Rift Sky Soundbox iPad Pro iPhone X. This creepy baby shows you how dirty your home really is. YouTube severs (some of) its ties with Logan Paul. This rare shark looks like Venom from Spiderman. Japanese astronaut didn’t REALLY grow 9cm in three weeks. Google’s Arts and Culture app now matches selfies to art. Is Kodi always buffering? Try these fixes first. The 11 must-have PlayStation VR games. Nokia 8110 4G: Retro phone reprises Neo's finest hour. Samsung Galaxy X reportedly shown in secret. Here's how to get that £25 iPhone battery replacement in UK. UK airports to trial AI to get you through security faster. Eight AI projects have been chosen to trial tech the government hopes will bridge the gap between robust security and an easy-to-use service. Sony unveils the Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact. As the names suggest, the phones are from Sony's XZ range and are successors to last year's XZ Premium. Sony Xperia XZ2: New flagship records 4K HDR video. Sony’s smaller smartphone matures, gaining a bigger 18:9 screen and some lovely curves. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Sony’s baby grows up. Sony’s smaller smartphone is back, gaining a bigger 18:9 screen and some lovely curves. How technology is changing your work. How one tweet wiped $1.3 billion off Snapchat's market value. What small businesses should do to get ready for GDPR. The GDPR compliance effective date is fast approaching. Here's what you need to know. Signal gets a cash injection from WhatsApp's co-founder. Atari is creating a new cryptocurrency, for some reason. Not content with holding back the Ataribox, Atari makes another baffling decision. Developments from the frontiers of science. Humans will be on Mars within 20 years, claims Tim Peake. The British astronaut predicted companies like SpaceX could work with space agencies to get people on the Red Planet. How to tell your supermassive black hole from your stellar black hole. If you can smell "death", you may be at risk of depression. Scientists have uncovered the biochemical details of the smell of death, which, bizarrely, may be able to help treat depression. iPhone app slashes hospital readmissions for heart attacks. Getting to the heart of the problem with better education. The cutting edge of automotive technology. New Audi Q8 (2018): Everything you need to know. The new Q8 is going to be the best Audi SUV you can buy. All the new F1 cars for 2018’s World Championship. We’ll keep this page updated with all the new F1 2018 cars as they’re revealed by the different teams. National Grid plans network of superfast chargers for EVs. The plans would put 90% of drivers within 50 miles of an EV charger that would give cars a boost in just five minutes. Ford Edge review: The SUV in the middle ground. A big SUV designed to rival the luxury brands for comfort, tech and practicality but it narrowly misses the mark. How technology is changing our everyday lives. No, a Pokémon RPG for Switch isn’t being revealed today. Tweets around a new Pokémon Nintendo Direct turn out to be fake sending the internet into a spin. The second Pokémon Go Community Day starts tomorrow. February's Pokémon Go Community Day kicks off on 24 February. Two new fighters return for SoulCalibur VI. Bandai Namco reveals two returning fighters alongside a slew of new screenshots of SoulCalibur 6 in action. The Nintendo eShop is in hot water with European law. Some big changes could be coming the the Nintendo Switch store. The world of 20 years from now. Watch this: Boston Dynamics’ SpotMini can now open doors. The robotics company’s latest video shows two robot dogs communicating and working together. The race to quantum supremacy is on, with researchers claiming their machines will manage tasks beyond any modern rival. What exactly is Elon Musk planning with The Boring Company?. Musk claims the underground tunnels will take passengers more than 200 miles in less than half an hour. Acoustic "tractor beam" can levitate large items. A breakthrough by researchers at Bristol University means ultrasonic waves can now levitate larger objects than ever before. Sony Xperia XZ2: New flagship records 4K HDR video. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Sony’s baby grows up. Samsung Galaxy S9 hands-on review: It’s all about the camera. Samsung Galaxy S9+: Dual cameras for S9's bigger twin. Nokia 7 Plus: Nokia’s new mid-ranger has a hint of luxury. Nokia 8 Sirocco: Good looks but not much substance. Nokia 8110 4G: Retro phone reprises Neo's finest hour. Huawei Matebook X Pro: Huawei refines its laptop formula. Fossil Q Control review: Brand-name aside, you can do better. Ford Edge review: The SUV in the middle ground. Doom finally has motion controls on Switch. Apple Watch 3 has been selling twice as fast as Series 2. Back to top Technology Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks. About us Contact us Advertise with us Feeds Authors IT Pro Cloud Pro Expert Reviews Channel Pro Know Your Mobile Auto Express Carbuyer More of our brands Affiliate Link Policy Privacy Notice. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices. © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Camera app too slow to load. Other phones last longer with similar battery size. Design may look past-it by end of 2018. What is the Sony Xperia XA2?. The Sony Xperia XA2 is a mid-price Android phone. It’s more affordable than value giants like the Honor 9 and OnePlus 5T , but more expensive than budget classics like the Moto G5 .. Specs-wise it falls between these two categories, but is ultimately much closer to the lower tier. Like other Sony phones, it doesn’t set any new standards in terms of the sheer amount of phone you get per pound or dollar.. However, it’s a solid option whose camera performs better than some in daylight conditions.. The Sony Xperia XA2 looks quite a lot like other Xperia phones. However, it’s not a straight refresh of the Sony Xperia XA1 from last year.. This phone is thicker and heavier. And now 18:9 screen phones are starting to appear at lower prices, like the Huawei P Smart , the thin borders to the left and right of the display no loner stand out.. If you considered a Sony Xperia last time you upgraded your phone, you probably know whether you like Sony’s styling or not. Its phones are slick—looking moody rectangles. Bigger Sony phones often get called monolithic, but the more pocket-friendly Xperia XA2 simply seems a little heavy for the first day. Then you’ll probably forget all about it. It’s pretty pocket and hand friendly.. Its construction is also different to the top-end Xperias. Its sides are metal, the standard choice, but the back is plastic rather than glass or metal. Some of you may not mind: plastic doesn’t shatter, and doesn’t tend to show wear as readily as painted or coated aluminium. But it does mark the XA2 out as a lower-end model.. Other frills you miss out include water resistance — the XA2 has no official rating — and stereo speakers. Some Xperias use the call driver to act as a second speaker, but this one just has a driver on the bottom edge. Play games and the audio comes at you in plain mono, and clearly from one side.. That said, sound quality is fine. It’s not too thin, and manages to compete with the sound of a shower, as you’re in it.. The fingerprint scanner is good too. It sits on the back, and indented circle, and is reasonably fast and very reliable. Storage is only the norm for the price, 32GB, but this is a Sony phone, not a deliberatly disruptive Honor or Xiaomi.. One of the Sony Xperia XA2’s main upgrades over the XA1 is screen resolution. It’s a 1080p display, the last was 720p. However, if Sony tried to sell a 720p phone for £299 in 2018, it’d get laughed out of Carphone Warehouse. Sony gives you a great choice of screen characters. With no display optimisation at all, the Xperia XA2 looks very calm and natural, very “sRGB”, for the screen nerds out there. Most of you will find this mode a little low energy, though.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. There are also Standard and Vivid modes, and Vivid gets you much closer to the highly saturated style of your average £500-800 phone. I often turn my nose up at screens with too-strong colour, but Sony always seems to pull it off well.. Typical of Sony, the Xperia XA2’s screen tone is one the cool side, every-so-slightly blue-ish, but you can alter this with colour temperature controls.. It’s not an OLED, doesn’t have ultra-high pixel density or a curved panel, but the Xperia XA2 display doesn’t actually look that far off that of a more expensive phone, quality-wise.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
SHOULD I BUY SONY XPERIA XA2?. The Xperia XA2 is the latest mid-range device from Sony, boasting bigger battery and an upgraded screen, but is it enough to take on fierce competition from Honor and Motorola? Find out in our Xperia XA2 review. The XA range just got better, if still unremarkable. 32GB storage (microSDXC support up to 256GB). Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. We're still waiting for a new flagship phone from Sony, which will surely arrive at MWC, but for now the company has launched the Xperia XA2, a mid-range phone first shown off at CES 2018 alongside its larger brother, the XA2 Ultra .. Sony hasn’t been a market leader in the smartphone world for a little while now, but it has delivered some very solid mid-range devices. With more competition at the price point than ever before though, can the XA2 compete? Find out in our review.. The XA2 is priced fairly competitively, costing £299 in the UK , and $349 in the US. That sounds good until you compare it to the Xperia XA1 , which cost just £229/$299 at launch, making the newer model a fair bit more expensive.. At that price point, the XA2’s biggest competition comes from the likes of the the £279/$199 Honor 7X (especially in the US - that price is a steal), the £349/$349 HTC U11 Life , and the £349/$399 Moto X4 .. There’s also the larger XA2 Ultra, which offers better specs and a bigger screen, but with a price jump to match: £379/$449.. This is the third-generation XA phone, with the first having no affixed number, and the design hasn't changed too much. Well, not at the front of the phone anyway, which looks largely the same.. That means big bezels at the top and bottom of the screen, and in fact Sony has actually made the XA2 slightly bigger than its predecessors, partly to fit in a larger screen - which curves slightly at the bezel-free left and right edges.. The size is more noticeable in terms of thickness: at 9.7mm, the XA2 is chunky, and it feels it. We don’t like to fat-shame here at Tech Advisor, but the XA2 could definitely benefit from slimming down, especially since the slightly rounded shape makes the mid-section feel even chubbier than it is.. Combine the size with the part-metal casing and you also get the fairly hefty 171g weight - a fair amount for a phone only packing a 5.2in screen.. Still, there are nice touches to the design too. The chamfered edges at the top and bottom more than justify the weight added by the metal finish, and you do get a choice of a few colours: black, silver, blue, and the surprisingly attractive pink of our review model. The silver option is exclusive to O2 in the UK.. Sony is well-known for making waterproof phones, but this isn't something that's trickled down to the XA range yet. Instead, the firm is seemingly holding it back as one reason to spend more on a Z range device.. Beyond that, you get a USB-C port for charging, a speaker on the bottom edge, a very welcome physical camera shutter button, a headphone port, and a fingerprint sensor below the camera lens on the back of the phone - interestingly, this and the XA2 Ultra are the first Sony phones to have a fingerprint scanner in the US market.. Overall, the XA2 is a pretty typical looking Sony smartphone. It’s blocky and bulky, though with a few undeniably attractive touches. You get solid build quality, and we prefer the XA2 to the much bulkier and more unwieldy XA2 Ultra, but you can definitely find more attractive phones for the same price.. So beyond the design, what do you get?. Let’s start with the screen, which at 5.2in and 1080p is a definite step up from the XA1, but pretty typical for mid-range phones these days. It doesn't use the 18:9 aspect ratio that’s all the rage these days, sticking with the more traditional 16:9, but as mentioned earlier, it does go right up to the edges of the phone on either side.. The display looks decent at first, but you’ll want to head into the settings to make the most of it. Head into the colour settings and you can activate either ‘Standard mode’ (which, confusingly, isn’t the standard) or ‘Super-vivid mode’, either of which will optimise colours across the phone to make them deeper and more vivid.. ‘Standard’ seemed to be the sweet spot for us, but either elevates picture quality to make the display one of the phone’s standout features at the price.. As for the rest of performance, the Xperia XA2 is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 – a pretty typical chip for a mid-range phone - also found in the HTC U11 Life and Nokia 7.. In other core specs are 32GB of internal storage and 3GB of RAM, with a microSD card slot to expand the storage - again, pretty standard for mid-range in 2018.. Across our benchmarking tests, the XA2 performed competitively, with scores in line with the Moto. X4 and U11 Life, and comfortable ahead of the Honor 7X. It is also almost exactly in line with the larger XA2 Ultra, despite that phone boasting an extra GB of RAM.. As we said above, the XA2 is one of the last few phones clinging onto that headphone jack, so if you’re a stickler for wired cans then you’re in luck.. There’s also a bottom-facing speaker, positioned next to the USB-C charging port, which offers very respectable sound for a phone, though it’s understandably a bit muddy.. Finally, the phone includes ClearAudio+, a software setting that optimises the sound output, making music and other audio brighter and crisper. It’s not game-changing, but the results are impressive for a pure software system.. Unlike some other phones at this price, the XA2 resists the temptation for dual lenses, instead opting for a single camera lens at a whopping 23MP with an f/2.0 aperture.. Unfortunately, despite that hardware the software side of the camera just can’t keep up, with disappointing results. Aggressive spot metering means that tapping on the screen to pick a focus point results in sweeping changes to exposure levels, leaving an awful lot of overblown skies in exterior shots.. Low light shots struggle similarly, with generally murky results and loss of detail.. To be fair to the camera, give it bright, consistent lighting and it can yield some remarkable, detailed shots, but most users will probably want a camera that gets better results in more. variable circumstances, and the XA2 doesn’t really deliver.. At the front is an 8MP. selfie camera with an aperture of f/2.4, which is solid, but not remarkable. It’s worth noting that this is probably the biggest difference between the XA2 and the XA2 Ultra (other than screen size) as the larger phone has dual front cameras, one of which is 16MP with optical image stabilisation.. Finally, Sony have also packed in support for 4K recording (admittedly unusual in mid-range devices) and 120fps slow-motion recording, which are really the two features that make the XA2 camera stand out from the pack.. Battery life is one area where Sony set out to excel with the XA2, and while it doesn’t exactly disappoint, it’s not a total triumph either.. The 3300mAh battery is a big upgrade from the XA1’s 2300mAh, and comfortably managed to last longer than a day, but couldn’t reliably hit the two-day mark where you begin to feel totally free of the pressure for a daily charge.. Still, it lasted a solid eight and a half hours on Geekbench’s battery test, which is better than you’ll get from a typical flagship, so we don’t want to rag on the battery too much: if you just want a phone that will last a day without breaking a sweat, the XA2 will do just fine.. The good news is that the XA2 comes with Android 8.0 Oreo, the latest version of Google's mobile operating system, out of the box. That’s good news when it comes to accessing the latest Android features like picture-in-picture, and is also a step ahead of plenty of recent flagship devices.. As with previous phones, Sony offers a largely untouched Android experience but with some useful additions. For example, Xperia Actions and Tips help optimise your settings and give you personalised hints.. There are some pre-installed apps you may not want - most obviously Amazon Shopping, Kindle and Kobo, and AVG anti-virus - but you can uninstall or disable them easily enough.. 32GB storage (microSDXC support up to 256GB). 23Mp rear, 24mm wide-angle, f2.0 lens. 8Mp front camera, 120 degree, f/2.4. 3300mAh battery with Quick Charging 3.0. 32GB storage (microSDXC support up to 256GB). 23Mp rear, 24mm wide-angle, f2.0 lens. 8Mp front camera, 120 degree, f/2.4. 3300mAh battery with Quick Charging 3.0. The Xperia XA2 sits in a slightly odd place. It offers solid specs and performance for the price, but the 16:9 screen and chunky body are already out of step with the competition, and the camera just can’t keep up at all.. If 4K or slow-motion videos are must-haves for you, the XA2 is a decent enough choice at the price, but otherwise it’s difficult to recommend above the very stiff competition.. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. I saw this on Tech Advisor and thought you should see it too.. The art of 'British' pulp fiction. TV & streaming : comment regarder le Tournoi des Six Nations 2018 ?. UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes. 
NEWS l l. EVENTS l l. RESEARCH l l. These are the Sony Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and L2. Evan Blass @evleaks January 4, 2018 9:33 AM. The real cost of mining Ethereum. Walmart’s problem isn’t Amazon — it’s a lack of interest in who its customers are. Microsoft releases new Windows 10 preview with more proactive Windows Update. Sony is working on updates to three of its low- to mid-range lines — Xperia XA, XA Ultra, and L — which may be introduced as soon as next week’s Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. However, the Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra (pictured top and below), and L2, as they’ll be known, may also be held for a February debut at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, as they have been in past years.. Currently, more details are known about the two new XA series models — a lineup entering its third iteration, following 2016’s XA and 2017’s XA1 pairings — thanks to specs revealed through the GFXBench benchmark .. The biggest change to these mid-range models appears to be their transition from Mediatek. systems-on-chip to Qualcomm Snapdragon 630s (2.2GHz octa core). And whereas the Xperia XA1 has a 5.0-inch, 720 x 1280 display, the 5.2-inch XA2 (pictured above and below) looks to offer the same full HD, 1080 x 1920 resolution as the larger 6.0-inch XA2 Ultra (whose display characteristics are remaining unchanged, year-to-year).. While both models’ memory configurations should remain static as well (4GB / 64GB and 3GB / 32GB RAM and storage for the XA2 Ultra and XA2, respectively), they do look to be getting refreshed imaging components. Specifically, the XA2 is listed with a 21MP, 4K-capable rear camera and 7MP front-facing selfie cam. The XA2 Ultra, meanwhile, reports the same rear camera configuration, plus dual 15MP selfie cams, which are also capable of 4K video capture.. Less is known about the entry-level Xperia L2 (pictured above and below), other than the fact that it will maintain its predecessor’s 5.2-inch, 720p display size and resolution — and that, unlike the Android Oreo-equipped Xperia XA2 duo, it may still ship with the older Android Nougat.. The design language on all three models closely mirrors that of the current Xperia lineup — for better or for worse — but several leaks offer some hope that Sony is also preparing higher-end handsets with significantly reduced bezels.. 
HTC U11 Life: Can Sony rule the midrange market?. You don’t need to part with a lot of cash to get a capable phone, and the current crop of midrange phones is evidence of that. The newest kids on the block come from Sony’s Xperia family, and the Xperia XA2 (alongside the XA2 Ultra ) represents Sony’s best entry in the midrange market. There’s a lot of great competition out there, however, including the HTC U11 Life , which brings many of the HTC U11 ‘s great features to a midrange phone. So which is better? We took a look to find out.. 142 x 70 x 9.7 mm (5.59 x 2.76 x 0.38 inches). 149.1 x 72.9 x 8.1 mm (5.87 x 2.87 x 0.32 inches). 1920 x 1080 pixels (424 ppi). 1920 x 1080 pixels (424 ppi). LTE, GSM, HSPA, 802.11 a/b/g/n Wi-Fi. LTE, GSM, HSDPA, HSPA, 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi. 2160p up to 30 fps, 1080p up to 30 fps. Brilliant Black, Sapphire Blue, Ice White. Amazon , T-Mobile , HTC. You won’t be getting flagship-level speed out of either of these phones, but thanks to the Snapdragon 630 processors in both the HTC U11 Life and the Xperia XA2, you can expect solid, steady performance. There might be small differences between the two devices, but we expect overall performance to be similar regardless of which phone you pick.. It’s all even on the RAM and storage front as well, with both phones offering 32GB of onboard storage, which can be expanded via MicroSD card, and 3GB of RAM. However, if you’re really desperate for additional storage and RAM, you can try and get the international version of the HTC U11 Life that comes with 64GB of storage and 4GB of RAM. However, be warned that this model does not run HTC’s Sense UI , but Android One instead. Thankfully, RAM really isn’t everything when it comes to smartphone performance , so unless you really want the additional onboard storage, you needn’t feel pressured into an upgrade.. In terms of audio, both phones have bottom-firing speakers and Bluetooth 5.0 — something that some flagship phones lack — but only the Xperia XA2 has a 3.5mm headphone jack. People seem to be slowly accepting the gradual phasing out of the venerable headphone port, but an additional feature is just that, and it gives the XA2 an edge.. The two phones are neck-and-neck on specs, and we’re not willing to let the international version of the HTC U11 Life win it many points — it’s basically a different phone. For that reason, the Xperia XA2 wins — by a headphone jack.. Sony’s design ethos for the Xperia lineup has stayed much the same for the last few years, so the rumor that it was planning a style refresh was certainly a welcome one — unfortunately, that hasn’t really materialized with the Xperia XA2. the bezels at the sides of the screen and at the top and bottom have shrunk compared to last year’s phones, but the overall look is still much the same as the Omnibalance we’ve seen since 2013. But while the look may be disappointing, the rest of the phone is solid. The XA2 uses a mostly metal construction with a polycarbonate back (now with a working fingerprint sensor!) that feels solid and premium, and fans of the Xperia look will still find a lot to love here.. The HTC U11 Life couldn’t be more different from the XA2. Where the Xperia phone favors hard lines, the HTC phone curves softly. Where the XA2 is solid, the U11 Life is bright and glamorous. Though the U11 Life does suffer a little from its cheaper-feeling plastic body, it’s still a great-looking phone, with a bright acrylic material that apes the good looks of its older brother, the HTC U11. However, like the XA2, the HTC U11 Life does look a little dated, with fairly chunky bezels.. Moving on to the screen, there are even more similarities. Both phones are rocking 5.2-inch displays running a 1,920 x 1,080-pixel resolution, scoring them both a pixels-per-inch measurement of 424. What does that mean? They both have sharp and clear displays — better than the same resolution stretched across a 6-inch display, as in the XA2 Ultra. There’s little to differentiate these two phones here, though the XA2 is the slightly smaller of the two, which is worth remembering if you’re a fan of a smaller smartphone .. You’re looking at a similarly durable outer shell, and while the metal parts of the Xperia XA2 give it an advantage, it’s blown away by the IP67 water-resistance on the U11 Life. The U11 Life isn’t the only phone to offer this sort of resistance — the Moto X4 offers even better waterproofing at a similar price — but it’s still not expected on a phone in this price range, and the inclusion is a big win.. The water-resistance seals another close race between these two phones. The HTC U11 Life wins this round.. New smartphone cameras have been steadily increasing in quality, and as the tech continues to improve, innovations from flagships are being passed down the line to more affordable phones. So while neither of these phones is going to be challenging the Huawei Mate 10 Pro , the Note 8 , or the iPhone X , there are still some pretty capable shooters on the the HTC U11 Life and the Xperia XA2.. Check around the back of both and you’ll see that the manufacturers eschewed the 2017 trend for dual-lenses. The HTC U11 Life has a single 16-megapixel lens with an f/2.0 aperture that takes decent-enough photos within its price range. However, it’s probably the weakest overall part of this phone, since a lack of optical image stabilization (OIS) means you have to stay extremely still to prevent blurred photos — an issue exacerbated by the slow shutter speed. The photos that we took were good, but only when they weren’t ruined by blurring.. The Xperia XA2 is rocking a single 23-megapixel monster with an f/2.0 aperture. We haven’t had a lot of time to play with it yet, and the XA2 is likely to have similar blurring issues due to the lack of OIS, but during our initial tests, we didn’t notice any shutter lag, which is a good sign. Sony’s phone cameras are generally pretty good, and the incredible 12,800 ISO that the XA2’s camera is capable of should result in decent shots in low-light situations, which is another area where the U11 Life lacks.. Around the front of the U11, Life you’ll find a lens with the same specs as the rear camera, which is not something we see often. The 16-megapixel camera takes good-enough selfies, but like the rear lens, it suffers from blurriness and photos looked grainy in anything but direct sunlight when we tested it. The XA2, on the other hand, has a far more modest 8-megapixel lens around the front, but it has a much more impressive 120-degree lens, so you can fit in larger group selfies, or simply get more of the background in your shots.. We haven’t had a chance to really test the XA2 yet, but the signs are good, and the 120-degree front-facing camera is a handy addition. The HTC U11 Life comes with a 2,600mAh battery that should last you the day if you’re a light or medium user. If you find yourself using your smartphone a lot, you use it for streaming video or audio, or you’re an avid gamer, then you might want to think about packing a power bank. During our tests, the U11 Life made it to about 5.30 p.m. with 17 percent charge left after a day of heavy use, but expect that to drop as the battery ages — best to get into good habits now. When it came time to charge, it went from 15 percent to 50 percent in around 35 minutes. Not bad, but not the fastest charging available.. Again, we haven’t had a chance to fully test the XA2’s battery yet, but it’s a monster compared to the relatively modest battery on the U11 Life. A 3,300mAh battery should see you through the day, even with heavy usage, and the inclusion of Quick Charge 3.0 should mean you won’t be tethered to a cable for long when you do have to recharge. In addition, Sony has included a ton of battery-saving tech that should help your phone to stay healthy and hold its charge for even longer.. Battery life is often a pure numbers game, and that’s the case here. While we reserve final judgment until after we’ve completed our tests, we think the XA2’s battery is likely to be superior.. assistants, because the HTC U11 Life has three of them to choose from. You get Google Assistant, Amazon’s Alexa, and HTC’s own Sense Companion. Edge Sense is also here, fresh from its debut on the HTC U11. You can tie a variety of functions to your squeezable edges; it starts with Google Assistant bound to it, but you can open the camera, Amazon Alexa, or pretty much any other app you fancy. One note: Google Assistant can be triggered with a wake word, but Alexa cannot, due to limitations with the Snapdragon 630. So if you’re an Alexa fan, get used to opening the app manually. Still, Edge Sense helps to alleviate some of those issues.. Other than that, Android 8.0 Oreo on the U11 Life is pretty standard — HTC’s Sense UI isn’t as bad as some of the larger manufacturer skins out there, and it not too bad with bloatware. It was generally a fun experience. If you have gone for the international model of the U11 Life with Android One, then you’ll find a stock Android experience, with just Google’s apps and Edge Sense installed on top of the usual Android suite.. The Xperia XA2 also comes with Android 8.0 Oreo pre-installed, and it’s close to stock Android, except for a few additional preinstalled apps from Sony. It was fine to use in the short time we had our hands on it, but we’ll have to reserve final judgment until we’ve given it a good test.. There’s not much to go on here from the XA2’s perspective, and it’s pretty much even with the Android One version of the U11 Life — except for the security updates straight from Google. The addition of Edge Sense and three assistants on the U11 Life make the HTC phone the winner here. The HTC U11 Life is currently available from Amazon , T-Mobile , and HTC for $350, and HTC says the U11 Life will work on AT&T if purchased unlocked. Network support for the XA2 is currently unknown, but it’s likely that, like the previous Sony Xperia smartphones, it’ll work on T-Mobile and AT&T, but not on Verizon or Sprint. At this time, it’s not clear if anyone is going to be offering the Xperia XA2, so if you’re interested in buying one, it’ll probably have to be unlocked through Amazon, Best Buy, or Sony itself.. In terms of price, we still don’t know how much the XA2 will be offered at. We’re hoping it will be around the $350 mark — maybe even $300. If that’s the case, then it definitely beats the HTC phone. If not, then the opposite applies. There are too many variables here for us to judge. This final round is a tie.. Whew, this was a bumpy ride. The Sony Xperia XA2 and HTC U11 Life are two very well-matched devices, with the same Snapdragon 630 powering them, the same internal numbers for RAM and storage, and even the same-sized display and resolution. But aside from all that, these are two very clearly different phones, and anyone looking for a device in this price range will probably be happy with either one. However, there can be only one winner, and for our money, the Xperia XA2 edges the U11 Life with a superior camera, larger battery, and slightly better specs — the headphone jack strikes again!. Still, the HTC U11 Life has a lot to offer, with good looks inherited from its older brother, a plethora of software additions like Edge Sense, and IP67 water-resistance. If that’s what you like in a phone, then HTC has your back. If not, then it’s the Xperia XA2.. Moto X4: 2018’s new midrange challenger. Sony’s latest Xperia smartphones boast changes, but not a major redesign. XZ1 Compact: What a difference a year makes. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra, XA2, and L2 hands-on review. Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact hands-on review. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. Skyline allows you to turn any location into your phone's background. Sony’s Xperia XZ2 smartphones have better Super Slow Motion than the…. MWC 2018: What to expect from Samsung, Sony, Motorola, and more. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Today in New Delhi , India. Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata. Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi. Ahead of CES 2018, Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia A2 Ultra and Xperia L2 phones unveiled. While Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia A2 Ultra are mid-range photography focused phone, Xperia L2 is a budget smartphone with 3,300mAh battery. Updated: Jan 08, 2018 18:35 IST. Sony launches three new selfie smartphones.(Sony ). Sony on Monday announced three new smartphones ahead of the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) 2018 in Las Vegas.. The new line-up includes mid-range Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra along with a budget Xperia L2.. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra will be available in select markets starting February 2018 and Xperia XL will be available later this month. The company has not disclosed the price and India-availability of these phones.. Sony’s Xperia XA-series also marks the company’s first set of phones to come with rear-facing fingerprint scanner. Until now, Sony phones had fingerprint scanners embedded on the side power button.. “Our super mid-range product strategy started out as an exciting new idea based on bringing bold technologies to this section of the market in the most accessible way possible,” said Hideyuki Furumi, EVP, Global Sales & Marketing, at Sony Mobile Communications.. “Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra are no different, with leading front camera technology first seen in our flagship XZ line. We’re targeting 2018 as a breakthrough year, and look forward to showcasing further innovations across the entire Xperia portfolio over the coming months.”. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra: Specifications. Sony Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra extensively focus on photography. Both the phones come with a 23-megapixel rear camera with Sony’s large ½.3 Exmor RS for mobile image sensor, and ISO 12,800 sensitivity that is said to help take pictures in extremely low-light conditions. Both phones support 4K video recording, and 120fps slow motion video recording.. While Xperia A2 has an 8-megapixel selfie-camera, Xperia XA2 Ultra features a 16-megapixel optical image stabilisation and another 8-megapixel sensor with 120-degree wide-angle lens.. Both smartphones are powered by an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor clocked at 2.2GHz coupled with Adreno 308 GPU. Xperia A2 has 3GB of RAM whereas XA2 Ultra has 4GB of RAM and is available in 32GB and 64GB storage variants.. Sony Xperia XA has a 5.2-inch full HD display whereas Xperia XA2 Ultra has a larger 6.0-inch full HD display. The two phones have 3,300 mAh battery and 3,580 mAh battery respectively.. Xperia L2 comes with a 5.5-inch HD display and is powered by a 3,300mAh battery. The smartphone is powered by a 1.5 GHz MediaTek MT6735P quad-core processor and 3GB of RAM. It comes with 32GB built-in storage.. The smartphone has 120° super wide-angle 8MP front camera and 13-megapixel f/2.0 rear camera. It is powered by a 3,300 mAh battery. Sony Xperia L2 will be available in single SIM and dual SIM modes in select markets, with three colour options: black, gold and pink.. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact smartphones and Xperia Ear Duo wireless headset launched. BSNL partners Nokia to roll out 4G services. Want to clear the air with a loved one? Take a cue from this video. CES 2018: Samsung unveils The Wall, a massive 146-inch microLED TV. What’s on center stage at the CES 2018? Your voice. India World Business Education Autos Real estate. Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Pune. Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid. Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch. Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication bridge school ht brand studio. Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs. Rs 20 lakh compensation for kin of engineer killed in accident in Gujarat. Stage set for voting in Meghalaya, Nagaland tomorrow. Centre’s failure to honour promises causing unrest among people: Andhra Pradesh.... Militant killed, policeman injured in grenade attack in Kashmir’s Tral. J-K govt seeks explanation from officer for not standing up for national anthem. People who don’t say ‘Bharat Mata Ki Jai’ are Pakistanis: BJP MLA. Former footballer Bhaichung Bhutia quits Trinamool Congress. Map: Seven decades after independence, most Dalit farmers still landless. Union Budget 2018: Government cuts funding for 16 major schemes, including Swachh.... Union Budget 2018: What has the government done with the most important schemes?. Union Budget 2018: Test your skills as the finance minister. What every day in the Parliament looks like. Australian TV journalist slammed for sexist, ‘creepy’ interview with New Zealand.... Weinstein Company to file for bankruptcy in a bid to save entertainment assets. 4 killed after blast destroys shop and home in English city of Leicester. Russian spies hacked Olympics computers, turned blame on N Korea: Report. Students and teachers brace for emotional return to Florida school. Palestinian on boat from Gaza killed by Israeli fire: Army. Turning 18 with HT: ‘Want to serve humanity and earn well too’. 5 issues that Fadnavis-led Maharashtra govt will have to deal with this budget .... Brace for rickety commute, union wants permission to use cars up to 5 years old.... Delhi chief secy ‘assault’: Police say CCTV footage tampered with; govt plans live-stream.... A training station in Deoli where CISF personnel are taught how to keep Delhi Metro.... Punjab: Two Kharar block officers suspended for Rs 2-crore scam. Holy trip: IRCTC offers 7-day tour from Chandigarh to Maharashtra in just Rs 19k. Metro Matters: DDA must ask Delhi before deciding for it. Malavika’s Mumbaistan: A courageous beauty called Sridevi. Metro Matters: DDA must ask Delhi before deciding for it. The ‘conservation vs people’ approach to protecting wildlife has hit tribals ha.... Controversies during Trudeau visit must not affect the broader bilateral relati.... One stop centres, which provide support services to survivors of gender violence,.... India has done well to speak in one voice against Sikh separatism. Road to ICC World Twenty20 2020 begins today in Argentina. Rahul Dravid sacrifices ICC U-19 World Cup bonus by half to ensure pay parity. WWE Elimination Chamber results: Roman Reigns to face Brock Lesnar at WrestleMa.... Karachi Kings beat Peshawar Zalmi to top Pakistan Super League standings. Shooting not scrapped from 2022 Commonwealth Games: CGF CEO David Grevemberg. Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Shikhar Dhawan make significant movement in ICC rankings. Indian Premier League helps shore up India’s death-overs bowling. Virat Kohli-led India presented with ICC Test Championship mace. Indian Premier League has turned me into a thinking bowler: Bhuvneshwar Kumar. Cape Town T20 hero Suresh Raina says thank you to Virat Kohli. Remembering Sridevi: When Hollywood star Orlando Bloom was bowled over by the Chandni.... Satish Kaushik: I always used to address Sridevi as ‘ma’am’; she had that perso.... Ekta Kapoor angry on rumours around Sridevi’s death: It’s destiny, not how evil.... Karan Johar’s poignant tweet on Sridevi’s death: Unpredictability of life hits us.... It’s a wrap for Milan Fashion Week. Final show has Tommy Hilfiger showcasing fast-paced fashion. Dolce & Gabbana replaces models with drones to carry handbags down the runway. Dress to impress: Dear men, follow these 5 style tips to look your best. Save the globe one ride at a time. Opt for these eco-friendly commuting options. Dear parents, watch out! Kids are unable to hold pencils due to excessive touchscreen.... ‘Modicare’ to cost govt Rs 1,100-1,200 per family every year. ‘Finance minister must clarify what cost yardstick will be used on MSPs’. Union Budget 2018: Kamal Haasan says govt was ‘indifferent’ towards middle class. Union Budget 2018: Gave small taxpayers relief in past, says Jaitley. Budget 2018: Investment advisers, analysts likely to face penalties of up to Rs.... Upcoming IPO: Kalyan Jewellers to file draft papers in a month. Aster DM Healthcare makes weak stock market debut, shares fall over 4%. Data wars: Idea-Vodafone build war chest to take on rivals. Oil gains on disrupted Libyan exports, Saudi promise to put a stable end to cur.... Delhi HC directs Facebook, YouTube to block links showing Lay’s in bad light. Airtel to bring in-flight connectivity to subscribers, joins ‘Seamless Alliance’. Rupee at 64.67, gains 6 paise against dollar in opening trade. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact smartphones and Xperia Ear Duo wireless headset launched. BSNL partners Nokia to roll out 4G services. Apple could launch over-ear headphones this year: Ming-Chi Kuo. Smartphone makers with less than 10% market share is losing money: Huawei. 5G roll-out to begin nearly a year ahead of schedule: Nokia CEO. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ launched: Price, specifications, and features. Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ launch highlights: Samsung’s latest phones to be available.... CBSE helpline gets queries on break-ups, memory loss, ill-treatment by parents. JNU entrance result 2018 declared, here’s how to check. Suspension of 22 IIT-Kanpur students over ragging set aside by Allahabad HC. UP minister says Yogi govt to provide free education up to intermediate level: .... NCERT syllabus to be halved from 2019, detentions may be introduced: Javadekar. Photos: In Nagaland, women rise to the fore in politics. Photos: At Rajasthan’s Deoli, CISF jawans train to secure Delhi.... Photos: Ancient beards and the faces of modern Jerusalem. 2018 Winter Olympics: Spectacular closing ceremony brings end to games. Puneites lighten spirit of 101 Rose show. ISL: FC Goa thrash FC Pune City to keep play-off hopes alive. Bengaluru FC beat Jamshedpur FC 2-0 in Indian Super League 2018. Bollywood superstar Sridevi passed away in Dubai after cardiac arrest. Delhi Dynamos trump ATK in memorable 7-goal thriller in ISL. 
Recent Posts ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video) More Galaxy S9 pricing and availability info comes from T-Mobile, AT&T, Verizon and Best Buy Recent Comments Anonymous on CES 2018 will not be graced by FCC chairman Ajit Pai Anonymous on Pixel 2 XL does not charge at full 18W allowed by adapter Anonymous on iPhone 8 and iPhone X cases made by Apple will allow for wireless charging Anonymous on Apple Store in China had just two customers in line for iPhone 8 Anonymous on Galaxy S8 will feature software navigation buttons and launch March 29 Archives February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Accessories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Other OS Phones Reviews Security & Privacy Tablets Uncategorized Wearables Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Sony Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra and L2 hands-on (Video). Adrian Diaconescu January 12, 2018 11:35 am. Sony was definitely smart to unveil three non-flagship Xperia phones at CES 2018 , a trade show many competing mobile device manufacturers completely ignored. The XA2, XA2 Ultra and L2 didn’t exactly make waves in Las Vegas with their designs… or specifications, but at least they all feature rear-mounted fingerprint scanners you can actually use in the US.. Sadly, exact pricing and availability details remain under wraps, which wasn’t enough to stop us from assessing the feel and ergonomics of these “high mid-range” and mid-range new Android efforts.. After taking the three for a spin at Sony’s CES booth, we’re happy to report they feel pretty great in the hand, even though the sharp corners are less than ideal, not to mention those top and bottom screen borders.. Even the least remarkable of the bunch looks quite good… for its expected price bracket, while the Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra are just as similar as you think. It’s also nice to see a number of color options for all three phones, as well as very fluid proprietary UIs, especially on the Android Oreo-powered XA2 duo.. If you also want to catch a glimpse of Sony’s refined Xperia Ear concept, Xperia Hello robot and the finalized Xperia Touch projector , be sure to watch our latest hands-on video from the 2018 Consumer Electronics Show until the end.. Android , CES , CES 2018 , Hands-on , hands-on preview , hands-on video , Sony , Video , Xperia L2 , Xperia XA2 , Xperia XA2 Ultra. Android , CES , CES 2018 , Hands-on , hands-on preview , hands-on video , Sony , Video , Xperia L2 , Xperia XA2 , Xperia XA2 Ultra. Adrian has had an insatiable passion for writing since he was in school and found himself writing philosophical essays about the meaning of life and the differences between light and dark beer. Later, he realized this was pretty much his only marketable skill, so he first created a personal blog (in Romanian) and then discovered his true calling, which is writing about all things tech (in English).. Check out our MWC 2018 coverage!. ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power. Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features. Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included. Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video). 56% off this sturdy, transparent iPhone X case. Shock-proof bluetooth speakers with battery life of 30 hours! — 33% off. Pay what you want for this Python learning bundle. Prolong long-term battery life of your smartphone with this Qi wireless charger. No breaks for Huawei or HTC | #PNWeekly 292. Death, lawsuits and the OnePlus X2 | #PNWeekly 291. 5G crisis, 10GB RAM, Huawei P20 potentials | #PNWeekly 290. Why do Sony Xperia phones still exist? “The next paradigm shift.”. Tim Cook: $999 is “value price” for iPhone X because of EIPs and “discounts”. Panay: Surface Pro 5? How about “meaningful change” with your “Surface Pro Next.... Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video). Huawei MediaPad M5 & M5 Pro Hands-On (Video). LG V30S+ ThinQ Hands-On: “Dat name, tho!” (Video). About Us Contact Us Tip Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy. All rights reserved, Hagshama Keebali Investments Two General Partnership. Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news. 
The next video is starting stop. Sony Xperia XA2 vs Sony Xperia XA1. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. http://digitaltechnologynews.com/ Sony Xperia XA2 vs Sony Xperia XA1 Smartphones Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XA2 features a 5.2-inch full HD (1080p) display and a Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor, paired with 3GB RAM and 32GB expandable storage. Also, the phone comes with a 23-megapixel main camera, a 8-megapixel wide-angle selfie unit and a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor.Sony Xperia XA2 review. Sony Xperia XA2 design Sony is pretty much a traditionalist when it comes to design. Each new iteration of its smartphones has a minor update in looks — just enough to make it look modern, but still hold a classic spirit. The new XA phones are no exception. There is no 18:9 display here, no wild, futuristic endevours. Sony Xperia XA2 hands on The XA phones have always been midrangers. The Sony Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra are both powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 — an octa-core SoC, capable of clock speeds up to 2.2 GHz. The regular XA2 has 3 GB of RAM, while the Ultra bumps it up to 4 GB. The smaller phone only has 32 GB of storage, while its bigger sibling will also comes in a 64 GB variant, but both will support storage enhancement via microSD card. Sony Xperia XA2 Battery Both handsets have pretty respectable batteries — 3,300 mAh on the Xpera XA2 and 3,580 mAh on the Xperia XA2 Ultra. Sony has a Battery Care suite and Qnovo Adaptive Charging working in the back to ensure fast charge times and the prolonged health of the battery. Sony Xperia XA2 audio The Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra also come with SmartAmp — a sound-enhancing feature, which should improve the tunes coming from the phones speakers. However, there are still no stereo speakers on board, despite the phone's design making it look so. Sony Xperia XA2 Both the XA2 and the XA2 Ultra will be launching at the start of February. The "regular" Xperia XA2 will be available in Silver, Black, Blue, and Pink, while the XA2 Ultra will come in Silver, Black, Blue, and Gold. Pricing is still unknown and will be announced on a per-market basis as the launch date nears. In past years, the smaller XA was around the $300 mark, while the XA Ultra would go up to $370 or so. Sony Xperia XA1 The Sony Xperia XA1 sports a 5-inch 720p display, MediaTek helio P20 octa-core processor (4x2.3 GHz + 4x1.6 GHz), 3 GB of RAM, 32 GB of storage (expandable via a microSD card, 23-megapixel Exmor RS camera and an additional 8-megapixel selfie unit on the front.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Sony Xperia XA2 vs XA1: What's changed?. Sony Xperia XA2 - Best Midrange Handset?. Sony Xperia XA2 vs Galaxy A8 (2018): Which is Best Mid-Range Phone 2018?. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra vs Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra VS Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra | Which is Better. Sony Xperia XA2 vs Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018). Sony Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra Hands-on. CES 2018 - Sony Xperia XA2. Sony Xperia XA1 vs Xperia XA Speed Test, Multitasking & Camera Speed!. Sony Best 5 Smartphone in 2018. Xperia XA2 Ultra – The dual selfie camera – great shots all the time. Sony Xperia XA2 vs Xperia XA1 Comparison. Sony Xperia XA2 Review: Middleweight masterpiece. Sony Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra hands-on at CES 2018. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra vs Sony Xperia XZ1. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Review: Beastly blower. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra vs Xperia XA1 Ultra Camera Review. Sony Xperia XA2 Indonesia - Desain Borderless nan Premium. Sony Xperia XA2 review: New and refined. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Sony Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra and L2 press renders leaked; no upgrades in design. Sony Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra and L2 press renders leaked; no upgrades in design. All three smartphones are expected to get unveiled either at the CES 2018 or the MWC 2018 in February.. Published: Friday, January 5, 2018, 11:25 [IST]. Other than the flagship Xperia XZ Premium 2, Sony is also working on a couple of mid-range smartphones; the Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra. The company is also expected to introduce a low-range smartphone, the Xperia L2.. Renowned tipster Evan Blass has now leaked the press renders of the aforementioned smartphones. As you can see from the images, there won't be any upgrades to these devices in terms of design. All three devices have pretty thick bezels and the conventional 16:9 aspect ratio. Although we are quite disappointed with the fact that Sony has decide to retain the same old design, the flagship Xperia XZ Premium 2 is expected to feature a bezel-less design.. Moving on, the Sony Xperia XA2, which will be the third iteration in the XA series, has already visited GFXBench, revealing its entire specs sheet. The smartphone will come with a 5.2-inch Full HD display with the screen resolution of 1,920×1,080 pixels.. Under the hood, it will be powered by an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor running at 2.2GHz. Clubbed with the chipset, there will be 3GB/4GB of RAM and 32GB/64GB of internal storage space.. The Xperia XA2 is listed on GFXBench with a 21MP rear-facing primary camera with support for shooting 4K-resolution videos. For taking selfies, the smartphone will feature an 8MP camera. On the software front, it is expected to run on Android 8.0 Oreo mobile operating system right out of the box.. Sony Xperia XZ Review - GIZBOT. The Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra will come with similar specifications, display size and the front camera configuration. The smartphone is said to come with a 6-inch display with a FHD screen resolution of 1,920×1,080 pixels. It also appears to feature a dual selfie camera setup. One of the sensors is speculated to be of 16MP, while the other is unknown.. Coming to the Sony Xperia L2, it is said to retain the same 5.5-inch display. Under the hood, the device is speculated to be powered by a Qualcomm's mid-range chipset Snapdragon 630. With 4GB RAM on board, the Xperia L2 will see an upgrade over its predecessor in the memory department. However, unlike the Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra, the Xperia L2 will arrive with Android Nougat OS.. All three smartphones are expected to get unveiled either at the CES 2018 or the MWC 2018 in February.. Gizbot Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews. sony | Sony Xperia XA2 | Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra | Sony Xperia L2 | smartphones | mobiles | news. Story first published: Friday, January 5, 2018, 11:25 [IST]. Other articles published on Jan 5, 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Review: Is it the best mid-range smartphone? Xiaomi smartphones will soon come pre-installed with Microsoft apps CENTRiC collaborates with Reliance Jio for ‘Jio Football Offer’. DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE. বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు. News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Gadget Finder. Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. 
"Hands-on with the Sony Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra. " will start after this message from our sponsors.. CES 2018. Hands-on with the Sony Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra Sony finally brings its take on a fingerprint sensor and dual selfie cameras to the US with its new midrange Xperia phones.. 1:20 / January 9, 2018. In my hands here I have two new mid-range phones from Sony, the Xperia line. Over here this is the XA2 and the XA2 Ultra. And what makes these phones unique, first of all on the backside we have rear fingerprint sensors. They're bringing this Finally some phones in the U.S. We've seen them before on the side of like, the Xperia Z5 that was on the power button and it was disabled in the U.S. Moving forward, they're gonna make sure that there are fingerprint sensors on the Xperia phones. Also, we have a couple differences here with the phones. They're now both equipped with Snapdragon 630 processors. And if we look at the kind of differences between these two phones, over here we have a 5.2 inch 1080p display. On this side, a six inch 1080p display. Let's kind of look at a couple different things, here on the XA2 Ultra. You can notice here on the front face, we actually have two cameras here. Both cameras have an eight megapixel wide angled sensor, but this also brings a 16 megapixel opt tool image stabilization on this sensor as well, so you have two Front facing cameras. On the back side we have a 23 megapixel camera. There's no announced price yet or release date here in the US, we expect to see them sometime soon. But there you go, your first look at the Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra. Here's how to replace the battery in an Apple iPhone 6S. Segway Loomo is a rideable robot friend at CES 2018. Honeywell's security system wants to take over your smart home. Samsung reinvented the whiteboard with the Flip. The toughest iPhone X cases battle it out. I biked CES in the rain to find the best bike tech. The makers of BB-8 have an idea for the next home robot: Misty. CES 2018 wraps up, Apple takes on security flaw. Polk's smart sound bar is an Echo Dot space ship. Behind the scenes of the Jabbawockeez's high-tech choreography. Latest Phones videos. Top 5 reasons to buy the Samsung Galaxy S9. If you are looking for an excuse to part with your old phone for Samsung's latest, you came to the right place.. Top 5 reasons not to buy the Samsung Galaxy S9. The S9 is finally official and it's got a lot of cool features, but maybe you don't need it.. Vivo's Apex concept phone rises to the challenge. Vivo made a prototype that does three very cool things.. Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus: CNET editors react. Do Samsung's latest phones have what it take to tackle the iPhone X?. Cat S61 phone packs the hottest thermal-imaging tech around. The successor to the 2016 Cat S60 also packs a distance-measuring tool and air quality sensor.. Curved glass makes the flagship Nokia 8 Sirocco look great. It's also waterproof and has wireless charging. Samsung's new Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus look a lot like their predecessors, but the upgrades are mostly below the surface. How does the Galaxy S9 compare to the iPhone X?. Samsung's new Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus take on Apple's iPhone X with improved camera features and their own take on animojis.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Sony Xperia XA2 hands on Partners: https://facebook.com/sony https://twitter.com/sony https://instagram.com/sony https://pinterest.com/sony https://reddit.com/sony https://linkedin.com/sony Any Details: Amazon: sony xperia xa2 on : $449.99 http://www.amazon.com/dp/B077ZRWXPH?t... Ebay: Printed Full Prot : $5.99 http://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/711-532... Banggood: Tempered Glass 3D : $7.12 https://www.banggood.com/Tempered-Gla... Flipkart: acm tempered glass guard sony xperia xa2 ultra : http://dl.flipkart.com/dl/acm-tempere... Thank you visited my channel pls subscribe: http://youtube.com/channel/UC1_WPLtpQ.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Sony Xperia XA2 - Best Midrange Handset?. Sony Xperia XA2 - Unboxing & First Impressions. Walentynkowy, męski dylemat ;-) - Xperia XA2 czy Xperia XA2 Ultra?. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra vs Sony Xperia XZ Premium - Speed Test!. HTC U12 Plus - FIRST LOOK!!!. Unboxing Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 ultra price,specifications,features Hindi|Urdu Technical guruji. Sony Xperia XA2 review: New and refined. Sony Xperia XA2 VS Xiaomi Mi A1 Camera Test !. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra VS Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus - Fingerprint Speed Test!. Sony Xperia XA2 ultra VS Vivo V7 plus. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro VS Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra || Which is better. How Can I Check My Sony Mobile Is Original?. HTC U11 Eye vs Xperia XA2 2018. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Unboxing & Hands-on Review. Sony Xperia XA2 review- Digital Trends. Sony Xperia XA2 2018 Commercial. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Products Smartphones Alcatel Android Apple Archos ASUS Bargain Deals BlackBerry Cat Doro Dual SIM Google Honor HTC Smartphones Huawei Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia Nuu Mobile OnePlus Panasonic Toughpad Planet Computers Razer Rugged Phones Samsung Sony Toughphone Waterproof Phones Wileyfox Windows Phone Zebra Refurbished Phones Motorola Nokia Samsung Gaming Microsoft Xbox Nintendo Sony Playstation Tablets Apple Archos Cat Kodak Lenovo Linx Motorola Samsung Accessories Acer Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Brodit CAT Doro General Google Honor HP HTC Huawei Jabra Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Memory Microsoft Motorola Motorola Solutions Nokia Panasonic Samsung Sony Wileyfox Zebra Lifestyle Android Auto & Apple CarPlay Dash Cams Drones Fitness Gadgets & Fun Headphones & Hands Free Mobile Gaming Smart Home Smart Watches Speakers WiFi Dongles Memory Smart Wearables Fitness Wristbands Smart Watches Clearance / Special Offers Cables and Chargers Cases Miscellaneous Items Screen Protectors Information Contact Us About Us Delivery Information Returns Terms and Conditions International Customers. Alcatel Android Apple Archos ASUS Bargain Deals BlackBerry Cat Doro Dual SIM Google Honor HTC Smartphones Huawei Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia Nuu Mobile OnePlus Panasonic Toughpad Planet Computers Razer Rugged Phones Samsung Sony Toughphone Waterproof Phones Wileyfox Windows Phone Zebra. Nokia 301 - Black - EE Locked - GRADE A. Motorola Moto G 4G - Black - EE Locked - GRADE A. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 - White - 4G - Unlocked - Grade A. Apple Archos Cat Kodak Lenovo Linx Motorola Samsung. The Latest Range of Smartphone, Mobile Technology & Mobile Phone Accessories. Acer Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Brodit CAT Doro General Google Honor HP HTC Huawei Jabra Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Memory Microsoft Motorola Motorola Solutions Nokia Panasonic Samsung Sony Wileyfox Zebra. Olixar Multi-Length Charge & Sync USB Type-C to Type-A Cables. Android Auto & Apple CarPlay Dash Cams Drones Fitness Gadgets & Fun Headphones & Hands Free Mobile Gaming Smart Home Smart Watches Speakers WiFi Dongles. Sony Xperia XA2 (SIM Free / UK). SIM Free / Unlocked UK Stock. Reasons to buy the Sony Xperia XA2. Rear 23MP Sony Exmor RS camera sensor. 8MP front-facing Sony Exmor RS camera. 32 GB storage & micro SD support up to 256GB. Powerful Snapdragon 630 processor and 3GB RAM. 4G LTE / NFC / Android Pay / FM Radio. Quick Charge 3.0 certified with Qnovo adaptive charging. Sony quick charger (3 pin UK). Data Cable (USB-A to USB Type-C). Do you have a question? Your Name: Your Email: Your Question: Security:. To ensure we do not get spammed by robots filling in this form, please would you type in the largest number from this list - 1, 65, 57, 46, 59. Be the first to write a review!. Friendly staff based in the UK. Active on socail media including Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram & Google. With over 20 years of trading behind us, we can boast a large customer base ranging from individual consumers through to large corporate and government organisations here in the UK and internationally.. Whether you are looking for a case, a cable or a number of smartphones for your staff, just some of the reasons to chosoe Clove are:. See what existing customers think of us. CLICK HERE to see our Trusted Shops rating or to find out more, view our About Us page.. If you have any questions then please call us on 44 (0)1202 552936 or email sales@clove.co.uk.. The competitor must be located in the UK. The item must be the same specification & colour. The item must be originally intended to be sold in the same sales region (UK). The competitor must have the product in stock. Full web address of other item:. We are committed to giving you the best prices possible so if you find an identical product elsewhere then fill out our form and let us know.. We will always try to match a competitors price but cannot guarantee that we will be able to.. To qualify for a price match:. Any item we price match will include delivery costs. For any further details please call us on +44(0)1202 552936. From £ 299.00 incVAT. WHY CHOOSE US. The Xperia XA1 was one of the sleeper hits of 2017. With it, Sony managed to capture a sweet spot of price, performance and sleek design. New for 2018, the XA2 continues that good work with a worthy successor.. Unashamedly mid-range and affordable, the XA2 still packs quite a specification. The stand out feature is undoubtedly the incredible 23MP Exmor RS rear camera. This was Sony's flagship mobile camera just a couple of generations ago and is still capable of producing incredible images.. Other features include Qualcomm certified Quick Charging, Qnovo adaptive charging with Sony Battery Care, and Sony's best-in-class audio processing.. Clove Technology only sells official UK specification SIM Free and factory unlocked smartphones for use on any UK / EU network.. This is a Single SIM device. This phone uses a nano-size SIM card.. For 4G / LTE support outside of the EU, please check the specifications and your local carrier.. UK stock of the Sony Xperia XA2 is available from Clove Technology Black and Pink. Internal memory is 32GB with 3GB of RAM.. Speed 2.3 GHz & 1.8 GHz (2x quad-core). Resolution 1080 x 1920 (~424 ppi). Frequencies 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. Frequencies 850 / 900 / (1700/2100 AWS) / 1900 / 2100 MHz. Frequencies LTE Bands 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100 AWS), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 20(800), 28(700). Speed LTE-A (3CA) Cat13 600/150 Mbps. Version 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (2.4 / 5 GHz). Video Out Yes, wireless via Miracast / Google Home. Flash Phase detection autofocus and LED flash. Camera Lens 84° wide-angle f/2.0, 1/2.3" sensor. Other SteadyShot™, 4K video recording, 120fps slow-motion video recording, Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama. Type 8MP 120° super wide-angle f/2.4. Formats MP3 / eAAC / WAV / Flac player. Formats Xvid / MP4 / H.265 player. Dimensions 142 x 70 x 9.7 mm (5.59 x 2.76 x 0.38 in). Weight 171 g (6.03 oz). Software Google Play, Google App Suite, Sony Apps: Music Album, Video, Movie Creator, AR effect, Xperia Lounge. Other Quick Charging (Qualcomm® Quick Charge™ 3.0), Qnovo Adaptive Charging, Smart STAMINA Mode. The following is a list of Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) about this product. Hopefully you will find the answer to your question, if not, use the contact form below and we shall answer it for you.. Yes - If you are located outside of the UK you may want to take a look at our list of FAQs for international customers on the following link: http://www.clove.co.uk/international-customers.aspx. Is this phone SIM FREE and Unlocked?. Yes, this phone is unlocked and can be used with networks around the world.. Do check the specifications to ensure compatibility in your region with your network provider. No SIM card or contract applies to this phone.. Unless the description of the product suggests otherwise (I.e. EX-DEMO) then this product is brand new and has not been used before.. No - There is only the manufacturer’s branding.. Does the phone have a Micro SD / memory card slot?. This phone supports Micro SDXC cards with up to 256GB of storage.. What SIM card does this phone use?. This phone uses a NANO SIM card. We are awaiting confirmation of the LTE Bands.. Please check with your local operator for LTE network provisions in your area.. Does this phone have a removable battery?. The battery is sealed and not user-replaceable.. Is this phone IP rated (water-resistant)?. Does this phone have a fingerprint sensor?. Does this phone support contactless payments?. To ensure we do not get spammed by robots filling in this form, please would you type in the largest number from this list - 1, 65, 57, 46, 59. Pama 2.5A USB Car Charger with Type-C Cable. Samsung 1.2m USB Type-A to Type-C Charge & Sync Cable. Olixar Multi-Length Charge & Sync USB Type-C to Type-A Cables. Just Wireless 3in1 Lightning, MicroUSB & USB Type-C Charge & Sync Cable. Pama 3A USB Type-C Car Charger. Pama Universal CD Mount Holder for Smartphones & Tablets. Olixar Universal Magnetic Windscreen & Dash Mount Holder. Sony Xperia XA2 Standing Book Case. Sony Xperia XA2 Precision Slim Shell. Skross Pro Light World - International Travel Adapter. Terrapin Micro USB 2A EU Charger (No Cable). MiPow PLAYBULB Smart Bluetooth LED Speaker Light. Concepter IBLAZR 2 Wireless LED Flash. Sony Xperia XA2 Curved Tempered Glass. Clove Technology Microfibre Cleaning Cloth - WHITE. Clove Technology Microfibre Cleaning Cloth - BLACK. Call us on +44 (0)1202 552936 | Email us at sales@clove.co.uk. © Copyright Design and Content Clove Technology. © Copyright Coding and Touch E-commerce platform from Online Retailing. This item has been added to your basket.. This item has been added to your compare list.. 
Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Benchmarks and Comparison: As Powerful as Promised, for Better or Worse. Reliance Jio in 2018: What to Expect from India’s Fastest-Growing Carrier. First Look: Team T-Force Night Hawk DDR4 & Cardea m.2 SSD. Hands-on with the ZTE Axon M – A Compelling Modern Dual Screen Smartphone. How Google Camera HDR+ Improves the Image Quality of Xiaomi Budget Phones. Sony Announces the Xperia XZ2 and the Xperia XZ2 Compact with 18:9 Displays and the Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC. The Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S is coming with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 on March 27. HMD Global Announces Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, new Nokia 6, and Nokia 1 Android Go Phone. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. ZTE Announces the Blade V9, Blade V9 Vita and ZTE Tempo Go at MWC 2018. Download: Last Snapchat APK before the Ugly Redesign. How to Install Pre-Release Android Oreo on the AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7 & S7 Edge. How to Customize the Google Pixel 2 Always On Display’s Brightness without Root. How to change the Notification Snooze Durations on Android 8.1 Oreo without Root. Enable Google Camera HDR+ and EIS on the Xiaomi Mi A1 without Root. How to Enable Camera2 API on the Xiaomi Mi A1 without disabling OTA updates. Click “Add Devices” to add your devices for quick access here!. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Benchmarks and Comparison: As Powerful as Promised, for Better or Worse. Reliance Jio in 2018: What to Expect from India’s Fastest-Growing Carrier. First Look: Team T-Force Night Hawk DDR4 & Cardea m.2 SSD. Hands-on with the ZTE Axon M – A Compelling Modern Dual Screen Smartphone. How Google Camera HDR+ Improves the Image Quality of Xiaomi Budget Phones. Buy and sell gently used phones. Please enable JavaScript to view comments.. [Update: Pricing and availability] The Sony Xperia XA2, Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra and Sony Xperia L2 Will Carry Fingerprint Sensors in the US. Update 1/30/2018: Sony announced pricing and availability information for the Sony Xperia XA2, Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra, and Sony Xperia L2 on Tuesday. The Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra will go on sale February 16 for $349.99 and $449.99, respectively, and the Xperia L2 will start shipping February 9 for $249.99. All three phones will be available from Amazon.com and BestBuy.com initially, and come to brick-and-mortar stores on March 4.. Sony has just unveiled two new mid-range devices which promise to offer a lot for the price, dubbed the Sony Xperia XA2 and the Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra. Sony has also unveiled a new, low-end device called the Xperia L2 which also features a rear-facing fingerprint sensor.. The Xperia XA2 and the Xperia XA2 Ultra are very similar devices, but the Ultra has a few more tricks up its sleeve. It features an extra gigabyte of RAM, another storage option (64GB), a slightly bigger display at 6 inches, a better selfie camera and a slightly bigger battery. They both have the same back cameras and the same Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 SoC powering them. The Xperia L2 is launching with a MediaTek MT6735P, a less impressive camera module, and 3GBs of RAM.. What’s most significant about these devices is that all will be launching in the U.S. with fingerprint sensors, which marks the first time in a long time that a Sony device sold in the U.S. Previously, all Sony devices in the U.S. It was unknown for a long time why this was the case until. Android Central spoke with the head of marketing at Sony US , Don Mesa, who alluded to previous deals made by Sony causing them to have to be legally disabled.. Of course, these fingerprint sensors aren’t in the usual place on Sony devices either, but it’s unclear if this is just a design change rather than a compromise to get around any legal restrictions. Prior Sony devices featured a fingerprint sensor integrated in the power button, but the new phones have now moved it to the back of the device like many other phones.. The devices will be launching soon enough in both single and dual SIM variants, with the Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra launching with in February with Android Oreo. The Xperia L2 will be launching with Android Nougat 7.1.1 in late January.. Want more posts like this delivered to your inbox? Enter your email to be subscribed to our newsletter.. Frequency - Select - XDA News Daily XDA News Weekly. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. 18-year-old Irish guy with a massive interest in all things security and technology. Originally wrote for the technology site Pixel Spot. Sony Announces the Xperia XZ2 and the Xperia XZ2 Compact with 18:9 Displays and the Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC. The Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S is coming with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 on March 27. HMD Global Announces Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, new Nokia 6, and Nokia 1 Android Go Phone. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. ZTE Announces the Blade V9, Blade V9 Vita and ZTE Tempo Go at MWC 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. Sony Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and L2 images leak out. Editorial Director of News and Content. Sony is reportedly prepping a few new Xperia smartphones for an official debut soon, but before their announcement, they've been revealed by the rumor mill.. The Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 have all been leaked by VentureBeat. All three devices are expected to be entry-level to mid-range hardware and boast the Xperia design that we've become familiar with in recent years, complete with large top and bottom bezels.. According to benchmark tests that allegedly belong to these devices, the Xperia XA2. (above) will come equipped with a 5.2-inch 1920x1080 display, Snapdragon 630 processor, 3GB of RAM, and 32GB of storage. There's also said to be a 21-megapixel rear camera with 4K video capture and a 7-megapixel front camera, with Android Oreo on the software side of things.. The Xperia XA2 Ultra (above, colors) is the bigger sibling to the regular XA2, packing a 6-inch 1920x1080 display, 4GB of RAM, and 64GB of storage. It does feature the same Snapdragon 630 processor, 21-megapixel rear camera, and 7-megapixel front camera as the XA2, though.. Finally, the Xperia L2 (below) is expected to have a 5.2-inch 1280x720 display and Android Nougat.. All three of these new Xperia phones will reportedly be officially introduced soon, but it's unclear if we'll meet them next week at CES or next month at MWC.. While none of these new Sony phones will blow you away with their specs, they do look like respectable updates to Sony's more affordable Xperia lineup. That's important because not everyone needs top of the line smartphone hardware. Whenever they're announced, these Xperia devices will be options for those consumers to consider.. Previous Article Samsung intros Exynos 9810 chip with improved LTE modem and facial recognition. Next Article OnePlus 5T Sandstone White official, launching on January 9. Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts.. Samsung intros Exynos 9810 chip with improved LTE modem and facial recognition Apple says all iOS and Mac devices affected by Meltdown and Spectre vulnerabilities Nokia 6 (2018) images and specs leak ahead of official announcement Does Apple's Animoji feature really need to be copied?. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 13 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 11 hours ago. 1 week 10 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. BLU S1 Review: BLU's First CDMA Smartphone!. This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Recent news from our top carriers:. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. Sprint says its 5G network will. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. T-Mobile wins awards for 4G LTE. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ pricing. Google Pixel 2 XL gets $400. Verizon Galaxy Note 8 gets $200. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Market Summary Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content. Watchlists My Portfolio My Screeners Markets Industries Personal Finance Technology Originals Events. Markets open in 5 hrs 14 mins. S&P Futures 2,760.50 Dow Futures 25,493.00 Nasdaq Futures 6,925.75 Russell 2000 1,549.19 Crude Oil 63.47 Gold 1,340.00 Silver 16.65 EUR/USD 1.23. + 11.75 ( + 0.43% ). + 179.00 ( + 0.71% ). + 16.00 ( + 0.23% ). + 19.20 ( + 1.25% ). + 9.70 ( + 0.73% ). + 0.17 ( + 1.01% ). + 0.00 ( + 0.30% ). HTC U11 Life: Can Sony rule the midrange market?. You don’t need to part with a lot of cash to get a capable phone, and the current crop of midrange phones is evidence of that. The newest kids on the block come from Sony’s Xperia family, and the Xperia XA2 (alongside the XA2 Ultra ) represents Sony’s best entry in the midrange market. There’s a lot of great competition out there, however, including the HTC U11 Life , which brings many of the HTC U11 ‘s great features to a midrange phone. So which is better? We took a look to find out.. HTC U11 Life Size 142 x 70 x 9.7 mm (5.59 x 2.76 x 0.38 inches) 149.1 x 72.9 x 8.1 mm (5.87 x 2.87 x 0.32 inches) Weight 171 grams (6.03 ounces) 142 grams (5.01 ounces) Screen 5.2-inch IPS LCD 5.2-inch Super LCD Resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels (424 ppi) 1920 x 1080 pixels (424 ppi) OS Android 8.0 Oreo Android 8.0 Oreo/Android One (international) Storage 32GB 32GB (U.S.), 64GB (international) MicroSD card slot Yes Yes NFC support Yes Yes Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 RAM 3GB 3GB (U.S.), 4GB (international) Connectivity LTE, GSM, HSPA, 802.11 a/b/g/n Wi-Fi LTE, GSM, HSDPA, HSPA, 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi Camera 23MP rear, 8MP front 16MP rear, 16MP front Video 2160p up to 30 fps, 1080p up to 30 fps 2160p up to 30 fps Bluetooth Yes, version 5.0 Yes, version 5.0 Audio 3.5mm headphone jack, bottom-firing speaker Bottom-firing speaker Fingerprint sensor Yes Yes Other sensors Accelerometer, proximity, compass Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass Water resistant No Yes, IP67 rated Battery 3,300mAh 2,600mAh Charging port USB-C USB-C Marketplace Google Play Store Google Play Store Colors Silver, Black, Blue, Pink Brilliant Black, Sapphire Blue, Ice White Availability TBA Amazon , T-Mobile , HTC Price TBA $349 DT review Hands-on review 4 out of 5 stars. You won’t be getting flagship-level speed out of either of these phones, but thanks to the Snapdragon 630 processors in both the HTC U11 Life and the Xperia XA2, you can expect solid, steady performance. There might be small differences between the two devices, but we expect overall performance to be similar regardless of which phone you pick.. It’s all even on the RAM and storage front as well, with both phones offering 32GB of onboard storage, which can be expanded via MicroSD card, and 3GB of RAM. However, if you’re really desperate for additional storage and RAM, you can try and get the international version of the HTC U11 Life that comes with 64GB of storage and 4GB of RAM. However, be warned that this model does not run HTC’s Sense UI , but Android One instead. Thankfully, RAM really isn’t everything when it comes to smartphone performance , so unless you really want the additional onboard storage, you needn’t feel pressured into an upgrade.. In terms of audio, both phones have bottom-firing speakers and Bluetooth 5.0 — something that some flagship phones lack — but only the Xperia XA2 has a 3.5mm headphone jack. People seem to be slowly accepting the gradual phasing out of the venerable headphone port, but an additional feature is just that, and it gives the XA2 an edge.. The two phones are neck-and-neck on specs, and we’re not willing to let the international version of the HTC U11 Life win it many points — it’s basically a different phone. For that reason, the Xperia XA2 wins — by a headphone jack.. Sony’s design ethos for the Xperia lineup has stayed much the same for the last few years, so the rumor that it was planning a style refresh was certainly a welcome one — unfortunately, that hasn’t really materialized with the Xperia XA2. the bezels at the sides of the screen and at the top and bottom have shrunk compared to last year’s phones, but the overall look is still much the same as the Omnibalance we’ve seen since 2013. But while the look may be disappointing, the rest of the phone is solid. The XA2 uses a mostly metal construction with a polycarbonate back (now with a working fingerprint sensor!) that feels solid and premium, and fans of the Xperia look will still find a lot to love here.. The HTC U11 Life couldn’t be more different from the XA2. Where the Xperia phone favors hard lines, the HTC phone curves softly. Where the XA2 is solid, the U11 Life is bright and glamorous. Though the U11 Life does suffer a little from its cheaper-feeling plastic body, it’s still a great-looking phone, with a bright acrylic material that apes the good looks of its older brother, the HTC U11. However, like the XA2, the HTC U11 Life does look a little dated, with fairly chunky bezels.. Camera Battery life and charging Software Price and availability Overall winner: Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra vs. Moto X4: 2018’s new midrange challenger Sony’s latest Xperia smartphones boast changes, but not a major redesign. Moving on to the screen, there are even more similarities. Both phones are rocking 5.2-inch displays running a 1,920 x 1,080-pixel resolution, scoring them both a pixels-per-inch measurement of 424. What does that mean? They both have sharp and clear displays — better than the same resolution stretched across a 6-inch display, as in the XA2 Ultra. There’s little to differentiate these two phones here, though the XA2 is the slightly smaller of the two, which is worth remembering if you’re a fan of a smaller smartphone .. You’re looking at a similarly durable outer shell, and while the metal parts of the Xperia XA2 give it an advantage, it’s blown away by the IP67 water-resistance on the U11 Life. The U11 Life isn’t the only phone to offer this sort of resistance — the Moto X4 offers even better waterproofing at a similar price — but it’s still not expected on a phone in this price range, and the inclusion is a big win.. The water-resistance seals another close race between these two phones. The HTC U11 Life wins this round.. New smartphone cameras have been steadily increasing in quality, and as the tech continues to improve, innovations from flagships are being passed down the line to more affordable phones. So while neither of these phones is going to be challenging the Huawei Mate 10 Pro , the Note 8 , or the iPhone X , there are still some pretty capable shooters on the the HTC U11 Life and the Xperia XA2.. Check around the back of both and you’ll see that the manufacturers eschewed the 2017 trend for dual-lenses. The HTC U11 Life has a single 16-megapixel lens with an f/2.0 aperture that takes decent-enough photos within its price range. However, it’s probably the weakest overall part of this phone, since a lack of optical image stabilization (OIS) means you have to stay extremely still to prevent blurred photos — an issue exacerbated by the slow shutter speed. The photos that we took were good, but only when they weren’t ruined by blurring.. The Xperia XA2 is rocking a single 23-megapixel monster with an f/2.0 aperture. We haven’t had a lot of time to play with it yet, and the XA2 is likely to have similar blurring issues due to the lack of OIS, but during our initial tests, we didn’t notice any shutter lag, which is a good sign. Sony’s phone cameras are generally pretty good, and the incredible 12,800 ISO that the XA2’s camera is capable of should result in decent shots in low-light situations, which is another area where the U11 Life lacks.. Around the front of the U11, Life you’ll find a lens with the same specs as the rear camera, which is not something we see often. The 16-megapixel camera takes good-enough selfies, but like the rear lens, it suffers from blurriness and photos looked grainy in anything but direct sunlight when we tested it. The XA2, on the other hand, has a far more modest 8-megapixel lens around the front, but it has a much more impressive 120-degree lens, so you can fit in larger group selfies, or simply get more of the background in your shots.. We haven’t had a chance to really test the XA2 yet, but the signs are good, and the 120-degree front-facing camera is a handy addition. HTC U11 Life review charging port. The HTC U11 Life comes with a 2,600mAh battery that should last you the day if you’re a light or medium user. If you find yourself using your smartphone a lot, you use it for streaming video or audio, or you’re an avid gamer, then you might want to think about packing a power bank. During our tests, the U11 Life made it to about 5.30 p.m. with 17 percent charge left after a day of heavy use, but expect that to drop as the battery ages — best to get into good habits now. When it came time to charge, it went from 15 percent to 50 percent in around 35 minutes. Not bad, but not the fastest charging available.. Again, we haven’t had a chance to fully test the XA2’s battery yet, but it’s a monster compared to the relatively modest battery on the U11 Life. A 3,300mAh battery should see you through the day, even with heavy usage, and the inclusion of Quick Charge 3.0 should mean you won’t be tethered to a cable for long when you do have to recharge. In addition, Sony has included a ton of battery-saving tech that should help your phone to stay healthy and hold its charge for even longer.. Battery life is often a pure numbers game, and that’s the case here. While we reserve final judgment until after we’ve completed our tests, we think the XA2’s battery is likely to be superior.. assistants, because the HTC U11 Life has three of them to choose from. You get Google Assistant, Amazon’s Alexa, and HTC’s own Sense Companion. Edge Sense is also here, fresh from its debut on the HTC U11. You can tie a variety of functions to your squeezable edges; it starts with Google Assistant bound to it, but you can open the camera, Amazon Alexa, or pretty much any other app you fancy. One note: Google Assistant can be triggered with a wake word, but Alexa cannot, due to limitations with the Snapdragon 630. So if you’re an Alexa fan, get used to opening the app manually. Still, Edge Sense helps to alleviate some of those issues.. Other than that, Android 8.0 Oreo on the U11 Life is pretty standard — HTC’s Sense UI isn’t as bad as some of the larger manufacturer skins out there, and it not too bad with bloatware. It was generally a fun experience. If you have gone for the international model of the U11 Life with Android One, then you’ll find a stock Android experience, with just Google’s apps and Edge Sense installed on top of the usual Android suite.. The Xperia XA2 also comes with Android 8.0 Oreo pre-installed, and it’s close to stock Android, except for a few additional preinstalled apps from Sony. It was fine to use in the short time we had our hands on it, but we’ll have to reserve final judgment until we’ve given it a good test.. There’s not much to go on here from the XA2’s perspective, and it’s pretty much even with the Android One version of the U11 Life — except for the security updates straight from Google. The addition of Edge Sense and three assistants on the U11 Life make the HTC phone the winner here. The HTC U11 Life is currently available from Amazon , T-Mobile , and HTC for $350, and HTC says the U11 Life will work on AT&T if purchased unlocked. Network support for the XA2 is currently unknown, but it’s likely that, like the previous Sony Xperia smartphones, it’ll work on T-Mobile and AT&T, but not on Verizon or Sprint. At this time, it’s not clear if anyone is going to be offering the Xperia XA2, so if you’re interested in buying one, it’ll probably have to be unlocked through Amazon, Best Buy, or Sony itself.. In terms of price, we still don’t know how much the XA2 will be offered at. We’re hoping it will be around the $350 mark — maybe even $300. If that’s the case, then it definitely beats the HTC phone. If not, then the opposite applies. There are too many variables here for us to judge. This final round is a tie.. Whew, this was a bumpy ride. The Sony Xperia XA2 and HTC U11 Life are two very well-matched devices, with the same Snapdragon 630 powering them, the same internal numbers for RAM and storage, and even the same-sized display and resolution. But aside from all that, these are two very clearly different phones, and anyone looking for a device in this price range will probably be happy with either one. However, there can be only one winner, and for our money, the Xperia XA2 edges the U11 Life with a superior camera, larger battery, and slightly better specs — the headphone jack strikes again!. Still, the HTC U11 Life has a lot to offer, with good looks inherited from its older brother, a plethora of software additions like Edge Sense, and IP67 water-resistance. If that’s what you like in a phone, then HTC has your back. If not, then it’s the Xperia XA2.. Sony’s Xperia XZ2 smartphones have better Super Slow Motion than the Galaxy S9. Silicon Valley is so expensive that even Facebook and Apple employees can't afford to live near the office. Here's Why I Plan to Take Social Security at 62. Hawaiian Airlines Will Buy Boeing's 787-9 Dreamliner, and It Makes No Sense. India's Bollywood legend Sridevi dies at 54 of cardiac arrest. Retail earnings and GDP — What you need to know for the week ahead. Yahoo Finance answers: Is the stock market corrupt?. Air Force Cancels $7B JSTARS Program Over Boeing, Northrop Objections. 'Emperor' stocks soar in China as Xi cleared for indefinite reign. Apple AirPods may soon get over-ear headphone sibling with better sound quality. Warren Buffett is still learning new investing lessons. 4 undocumented immigrants share their American startup stories. GoBee Bike throws in the towel in France. Triple, the marketplace for local travel experiences, acquires competitor Local Guddy. What I hope to hear from Fed Chair Powell this week. NASA Captures Stunning Images of Mars' Moons. Smart speaker showdown: Apple HomePod vs. China paves way for Xi Jinping to remain leader for years. What to watch in the markets: Monday, February 26. General Electric to restate two years of earnings. What Investors Should Know About Ford and GM's Secret Weapon. Netflix Suffering from Its Own Success. The top 10 games of E3 2017. China's Xi Xinping wants to reinforce Communist Party rul.... Cuban-American businessman who helped build the internet now defends it. Elon Musk boasts: Tesla Semi specs may be better than initially advertised. Exclusive: Essar Oil seeks loans from traders as banks fear Russian links. Social Security Forfeiture: What Are the 2018 Income Limits?. Trump Weighs ‘Red Flag’ Orders to Take Guns Away Quickly. 
Listed Price : Price Not Available. Sony Xperia XA2 smartphone flaunts a 5.2-inch full HD (1080 pix) display with corning gorilla glass protection. The Sony Xperia XA2 is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor paired with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage. On the photography, the device comes with a 23-megapixel rear camera and an 8-megapixel selfie snapper. On the software front, the smartphone is likely to run on Android 8.0 Oreo OS. Connectivity options include Bluetooth, 3.5mm audio jack, Wi-Fi, and GPS.. Full Specifications of Sony Xperia XA2. Sales Package Device, Battery, Charging Adaptor, USB Cable, Earphone. Display Resolution Full HD (1920 x 1080 ) Pixels. Size (L by B by T) 141.6 × 70.4 × 9.6 mm. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra, Xperia L2: Price and availability details revealed. CES 2018: Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra, Xperia L2 hands-on video released. CES 2018: Sony Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, Xperia L2 selfie-centric smartphones launched. Sony Xperia L2, Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra leaked renders show off possible design. Sony Xperia XA2 Reviews in India. Sony Xperia XA2 Features & Specs. Sony Xperia XA2 Vs Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra. Sony Xperia XA2 Vs Sony Xperia XA1 Plus. Sony Xperia XA2 Vs Micromax Superfone Canvas A100. Sony Xperia XA2 Vs Sony Xperia XA1. Own this mobile? Be first to review. Staff on Jan 31, 2018 08:05 PM. The three Sony smartphones were first unveiled at CES .... Staff on Jan 12, 2018 12:48 PM. The hands-on video showcases the design and features of the .... Staff on Jan 08, 2018 03:51 PM. All the three phones boast 8-megapixel sensors on the front .... Staff on Jan 03, 2018 04:39 PM. The devices are believed to be officially unveiled at the .... Write a Review on Sony Xperia XA2. @SamsungMobile Galaxy S9+: Six features that make it a worthy successor to Galaxy S8+ buff.ly/2oBYSFl. #MWC2018 : @Huawei launches #MWC2018 , world’s first bezel-less notebook #MWC2018 buff.ly/2FvMaj8 https://t.co/Zf42uKM9Z3. #MWC2018 : Vivo shows #MWC2018 concept smartphone with in-screen fingerprint sensor and retractable selfie camera… twitter.com/i/web/status/9…. 
