Store: Bright Future (International) Technology CO.,LTD. This store has been open since Jun 17, 2014. Detailed seller ratings (Out of 5). Detailed Seller Ratings information is unavailable when there're less than 10 ratings.. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 5.5'' 4K resolution Original Unlocked 4G LTE Android Octa Core 23MP WIFI GPS free gift. Rated 3.4 /5 based on 6 customer reviews. US $ 350.50 - 375.00. Please select the country you want to ship from. Sorry, the current product is sold out.. Depends on the product properties you select. This product can't be shipped to the selected region.. Returns accepted if product not as described, buyer pays return shipping fee; or keep the product & agree refund with seller. Full refund if product isn't received in days. Dustproof,Gravity Response,GPRS,Touchscreen,Message,TV Receive,Bluetooth,Video Player,HD Video Player,Wi-Fi,MP3 Playback,FM Radio,GPS Navigation,Front Camera,Email,QWERTY Keyboard. 13cm x 12cm x 15cm (5.12in x 4.72in x 5.91in). Calculate your shipping cost by country/region and quantity.. 13cm x 12cm x 15cm (5.12in x 4.72in x 5.91in). We support the following payment methods. All payments made on AliExpress are processed by Alipay.. Customer Service , Disputes & Reports , Making Payment , Delivery Options , Buyer Protection , New User Guide , Report IPR infringement. Russian , Portuguese , Spanish , French , German , Italian , Dutch , Turkish , Japanese , Korean , Thai , Vietnamese , Arabic , Hebrew , Polish. All Popular , Product , Promotion , Low Price , Great Value , Retail , Reviews. Alibaba Group Website , AliExpress , Alimama , Alipay , Fliggy , Alibaba Cloud , Alibaba International , AliTelecom , DingTalk , Juhuasuan , Taobao Marketplace , Tmall , Xiami , AliOS , 1688. Intellectual Property Protection - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Law Enforcement Compliance Guide © 2010-2018 AliExpress.com. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - E6853. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 20(800), 28(700), 38(2600), 40(2300) - E6853. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 154.4 x 75.8 x 7.8 mm (6.08 x 2.98 x 0.31 in). - IP68 certified - dust/water proof over 1.5 meter and 30 minutes. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 82.4 cm 2 (~70.4% screen-to-body ratio). 2160 x 3840 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~806 ppi density). Android 5.1.1 (Lollipop), upgradable to 7.0 (Nougat). Octa-core (4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x2.0 GHz Cortex-A57). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 23 MP (f/2.0, 24mm, 1/2.3"), phase detection autofocus, LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. 2160p@30fps, 1080p@60fps, 720p@120fps, HDR, check quality. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS/ BDS (market dependant). microUSB 2.0 (MHL 3 TV-out), USB Host. Fingerprint (side-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, IM, Push Email. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 2.0). Basemark OS II: 2073 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 1687 Basemark X: 24281. Contrast ratio: 966 (nominal), 2.525 (sunlight). Voice 66dB / Noise 65dB / Ring 66dB. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium - user opinions and reviews. It is worth it, but can also get a newer one, like the XPERIA XZ. It is still receiving updates if u are into that, giving u a little information, comparing it to my XPERIA Z3+, XPERIA Z5 and XPERIA Z5 PREMIUM which have the notorious SNAPDRAGON 810 .... This phone is great to use. Front Camera quality isn't that great. Still stuck with 7.1.1 update (won't re.... If you buy it brand new w/ warranty, yes w/c is rare nowadays for a 2015 phone. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia XZ Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual Sony Xperia XZ1. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia XA. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium review:. Astonishing resolution results in an astonishing price. The Good Sony's Xperia Z5 Premium has a gorgeous, pin-sharp screen, it's powerful, packs a solid camera and won't die when you spill your drink on it.. The Bad Its 4K display results in a sky-high price, but the extra resolution adds nothing to the overall experience. Sony's familiar design is beginning to look rather tired.. The Bottom Line Don't be tempted by the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium's attention-grabbing 4K screen. You can spend less money on a better all-round flagship phone.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Pin-sharp display 5.5-inch screen size 4K (3,840x2,160-pixel) resolution. Tired design 154 by 76 by 7.8mm (6 by 3 by 0.3 inches) 181 grams (6.4 ounces) Water resistant. Android software and Sony's skin Android 5.1 Lollipop Custom Sony skin Too much pre-installed bloatware. Processor and cellular performance Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor 3GB RAM Sony Xperia Z5 Premium performance chart. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium data speeds (unlocked on Vodafone UK). Camera 23-megapixel rear-facing camera 5-megapixel front-facing camera 4K video recording. Sony's Xperia Z5 premium is the flagship phone Sony has owed us for a long time. While the standard Z5 was a fairly uninspiring reissue of the brilliant Z3 , the Z5 Premium packs a bigger screen with a whopping 4K resolution, which is 3,840x2,160 pixels. It's the first phone to have a 4K resolution and it's the highest resolution I've ever seen on a phone.. But wait: Don't get too excited about seeing your photos with revolutionary levels of resolution. I personally could tell no difference in clarity on a high-resolution image between the Z5 Premium's display and that of the iPhone 6S Plus -- even though the iPhone display has half the resolution of the Sony.. We've debated before whether the step up from full HD to ultra HD displays is worth bothering with on small devices like phones, and that argument is even more pertinent having spent serious time with this phone. The major selling point of the Z5 Premium is its 4K display -- that's also how Sony tries to justify its whopping asking price -- but when you can't see any real difference, it's more of an empty marketing boast than a real benefit.. Fortunately, the Z5 Premium has other bragging rights, such as a meaty processor, a waterproof design and a 23-megapixel camera that puts it on par with any of today's top-end flagships. Yet it's all let down by a design so dull it could send a hyperactive toddler to sleep and a price tag somewhere north of ridiculous. Samsung's Galaxy S6 Edge costs less and looks far more stylish. It's where I'd spend my money, over the Z5 Premium.. In the UK, the Z5 Premium can be yours for an eye-watering £630, SIM-free, directly from Sony. In Australia, it'll set you back AU$1,199 but comes bundled with a digital noise-cancelling headset worth AU$79. Sony has yet to announce whether it'll be available in the US, but that UK price converts to around $960. The Z5 Premium's resolution equates to a massive 801 pixels per inch. That's the highest resolution I've seen on a phone, beating both iPhone 6S Plus (401ppi) and the Samsung Galaxy S6 (577ppi). On paper, that's an impressive feat, but the reality isn't quite as groundbreaking.. While you might think that cramming a truckload more pixels into a screen will make everything look sharper, I couldn't see any real difference in clarity between high-resolution images seen on the iPhone 6S Plus and the Galaxy S6 and the Z5 Premium -- even when I looked very close up at the displays to try and pick out individual pixels. I showed comparison photos to several people and they agreed that the difference was so marginal, you'd never notice it was there.. More importantly, does it make your everyday tasks of emailing, calling and tweeting any crisper? No, absolutely not. Does it even give your mobile photography an extra level of clarity? Nope. Given the significant premium placed on it, I'd really want to notice it more.. While 4K might be worth having on a massive TV in your living room , cramming that many pixels into a small phone screen doesn't achieve anything except a higher selling price.. That's not to say this display is bad though. It's unquestionably pin-sharp, and the colours are rich and vibrant, with great contrast too. I sometimes found it a little too vivid, with colours looking unnaturally oversaturated, so I tweaked the colour balance in the settings to find a more realistic look. It's bright too, once you go into the settings to disable the auto brightness. Oddly, you can't do this from the pull-down quick settings panel, and I found the auto mode to heavily restrict the brightness.. I'm disappointed with the Z5 Premium's design. Sony has stuck rigidly to its usual Xperia look, which is beginning to look a little tired. The minimalist style, with its buttonless front, is as stark and monolithic as ever, but the squared-off sides make the phone look too blocky. The back panel is extremely glossy, and easily picks up fingerprints. I much prefer the frosted glass back of the standard Z5.. I once applauded the older Z phones for their slick, minimalist style, but Sony has done nothing to give its flagship phones a fresh look. Now, they're just boring, a worse fate. That's dangerous when its main rival Samsung has overhauled its top-end Galaxy S6 Edge with a gorgeous, curving design. Even LG is doing more to tickle the senses with its leather-clad G4 and textured, baby blue V10 .. You'll find the Z5 Premium in black, mirrored silver or gold. The black model I reviewed is really very dull and is without doubt the last colour variation I would ever choose for this phone.. The phone has an IP68 level of water resistance, which technically allows it to withstand being submerged in water up to 1.5 metres (5 feet) in depth, for up to 30 minutes. Sony, however, no longer recommends fully submerging its phones in water. That's a real shame, as the ability to take underwater photos was one of the main reasons to buy one of the previous Z phones.. What this means for you is the waterproofing is there to keep the Z5 Premium safe from spilled beers, and for taking calls in the rain. The latter of which I'm pleased about, given I live in perpetually damp Britain. You'll need to firmly secure the rubberised flap over the combined nano-SIM and microSD card slot, although thankfully the 3.5mm headphone jack on top and Micro-USB port on the bottom don't need a seal to keep the water out.. The Z5 Premium comes with Android 5.1 Lollipop as standard, and there's no word yet on when this phone might receive an update to the latest Android 6.0 Marshmallow. I can't hold this against Sony too much, as it announced the Z5 Premium last September before Marshmallow was even available. Sony doesn't tend to roll out software updates to its phones quickly either, so I wouldn't recommend buying the Z5 Premium if you really crave your first taste of Marshmallow.. Sony's thick Android skin is one of the main reasons updates are so long in coming. I don't mind Sony's tweaks on standard Android though. It looks quite neat, it's easy to use, and you can easily sort apps in the apps tray by alphabetical order, most used or by name, which makes it easy to find the tool you're looking for.. Sony typically adds in quite a handful of software extras and the Z5 Premium is no exception. Beyond Sony's own calendar and email clients (the latter a baffling addition, given the phone also arrives with Google's Gmail on board), you'll find Amazon's shopping app pre-installed, as well as various PlayStation stores, Kobo's e-book app, OfficeSuite, a news app, AVG antivirus, and various other bits and bobs. It all helps the phone feel somewhat cluttered before you've even downloaded your first app. The various widgets you'll find scattered across the home screens don't help either.. Mercifully, you can uninstall many of the pre-loaded apps and I recommend you do. Before you start adding your own stuff on board, spend a bit of time clearing out anything unwanted and give yourself a blank slate to start from. You'll appreciate the reduced clutter in the long run.. The beating heart of the Z5 Premium is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor, with 3GB of RAM. As that's exactly the same setup as you'll get inside the Xperia Z5, it's no surprise it gave almost identical results on my benchmark tests.. On the Geekbench 3 test, it achieved 609 (single-core) and 2,861 (multi-core), while the standard Z5 achieved 610 and 2,926 respectively. Similarly, the Premium racked up an impressive 26,180 on the 3DMark Ice Storm: Unlimited graphics test, while the standard Z5 achieved 26,887. Clearly then, there's no difference in performance between the two sizes.. Against rival Android phones, it stacks up reasonably well. It's roughly on par with the LG G4 (2,981 on Geekbench 3 multi-core), although it's below the Galaxy S6 (4,608).. Scores aside, the phone is extremely capable. It's swift, with no noticeable lag when navigating around the interface. Apps load quickly and even sliding down the settings menu has the smooth action that tells of a potent chip. Gaming is well within this phone's capabilities, with Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas and Asphalt 8 playing very well. There's very little you can throw at this phone to slow it down.. Call quality was decent too, with clear voices heard on both ends, and background noise was kept to a minimum. The speakerphone was reasonably loud too. I tested the phone on the Vodafone network in west London at 9 p.m. -- your own results will vary depending on network, location and time of day.. Temple Run 2 app download (44.68MB). The camera has had a decent boost from the previous Xperia Z3, with a new 23-megapixel sensor. I took it for a spin around Britain's capital and found it can take some great shots.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Sony Xperia Z5 Premium. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. Get up to a $29.30 Gift Card.. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 5.5-Inch 4K UHD Display Factory Unlocked (CHROME) - International Stock No Warranty. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Available from these sellers .. No Voice/Text and Partial Data Connection. Device Compatibility with United States Carriers. The table below provides detailed information about the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 5.5-Inch 4K UHD Display Factory Unlocked (CHROME) - International Stock No Warranty compatibility with the corresponding carrier network.. 5.5-inch with 2160 x 3840 Resolution Display. Qualcomm MSM8994 Snapdragon 810, Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & Quad-core 2 GHz Cortex-A57. 32GB ROM, 3GB RAM; Supports Micro-SD up to 200 GB. Main Camera: 23 MP, 5520 х 4140 pixels, phase detection autofocus, LED flash; Front Camera: 5MP, 1080p, HDR.. Nano SIM; Works with GSM carriers such as AT&T, T-Mobile etc.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Sony Xperia XZ Premium G8142 64GB Deepsea Black, Dual Sim, 5.5", GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Sony Xperia Z5 E6683 32GB White, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual E6883 5.5" 23MP 32GB Smartphone - International Version / No Warranty (Gold). Sony Xperia Z5 E6683 32GB Black, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Sony Xperia Z5 32GB GSM/LTE - Unlocked phone - (US Warranty)- Retail Packaging (Black). Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB 4G/LTE International Version No Warranty (BLACK). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Xperia Z5 Premium Screen Protector, PThink Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Sony Xperia Z5 Premium with 9H Hardness/Anti-scratch/Shatterproof/Fingerprint resistant (Sony Xperia Z5 Premium). Xperia Z5 Premium Case, Ringke [Fusion] Crystal Clear PC Back TPU Bumper w/ Screen Protector [Drop Protection/Shock Absorption Technology][Attached Dust Cap] For Sony Xperia Z5 Premium - Clear. Xperia Z5 Premium Case, Ringke [Fusion] Crystal Clear PC Back TPU Bumper w/ Screen Protector [Drop Protection/Shock Absorption Technology][Attached Dust Cap] For Sony Xperia Z5 Premium - Smoke Black. Xperia Z5 Premium Glass Screen Protector, (E6853 E6883)[1Front & 1Back] AnoKe(0.3mm 9H 2.5D) Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film Shield For Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Glass Front+Back. Xperia Z5 Premium Case, TUDIA Slim-Fit MERGE Dual Layer Protective Case for Sony Xperia Z5 Premium (Metallic Slate). Spigen Thin Fit Xperia Z5 Case with Premium Matte Finish Coating for Xperia Z5 - Gunmetal. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Sony Xperia XZ Premium G8142 64GB Deepsea Black, Dual Sim, 5.5", GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Sony Xperia XZ Premium G8142 64GB Luminous Chrome, Dual Sim, 5.5", GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. [3-PACK] - Mr Shield For Sony Xperia XZ [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round. Sony Xperia XZ - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Platinum (US Warranty). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 3G HSDPA 850/900/1900/2100 ; 4G LTE B1 / B2 / B3 / B4 / B5 / B7 / B8 / B12 / B17 / B20 / B28 / B38 / B40 *****Please check with your carrier for compatibility. We are not responsible for any incompatible issues.. 8.9 x 5 x 1.9 inches. #129,938 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #2,458 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 56% 4 star 10% 3 star 8% 2 star 7% 1 star 19%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Fantastic phone, best in the market now. Probably the best phone in the US that no one has heard of unless you're a phone geek. I've had to work with phones for 10 years in the cellular industry and have seen many phones come and go. I have loved the recent Xperia series from Sony and always believe that they deliver the best products. In terms of phones, it's no secret that Sony has had a rocky history to say the least (Sony Ericsson partnership and a myriad of failures). I'll try and keep this short, but at least provide some more of a detailed review. Feel free to check the other versions of Z5 Premium (Chrome and Black) for others, but I notice the Gold version is sorely lacking any thorough review so here go: I've been using this phone for about month and don't typically review anything until I have had a chance to use it for more than a few days. First impressions can be misleading, so I let myself download apps, use throughout the day, take pictures, videos, etc and get a feel for the phone. I will say I have used a few other Xperias before. I am jumping from a Xperia Z1 I purchased in Japan about 2 years ago and loved that phone as well. Probably some Sony fanboy-ish going on here, but I will try and be as neutral as possible. Performance of the phone is fantastic. Everything moves very quick and smooth. One of my favorite features (yes it's nothing new, but performs so so well) is the fingerprint scanner. Like I said, I have worked in the cellular industry and I know the iPhone first brought this to the mainstream but I've really found myself using the fingerprint scanner a lot and the fact that the phone is larger, the scanner is actually a much easier way to unlock the screen than sliding up the unlock motion. And again, it just works so smooth! Perhaps my favorite part of this phone, and a big purchasing decision, is the camera. I have two little ones and whenever the family is out, I am typically default camera man, so there was a lot of debate with the wife as to whether I should invest in a good DSLR camera or buy the loaded Z5P phone. I haven't regretted my decision as the Z5P takes beautiful pictures, 23MP, though I find myself using the 20MP 16:9 format and even the Premium Auto mode is great for taking quick shots (using the quick wake up mode). Yes, it does take 4K video, which looks unbelievable. And Sony does have a little snapshot tool to take 8MP screenshots of 4K video stills if you so desire. The 4K SCREEN ON THE PHONE looks phenomenal. I've read a lot of tech sites instantly saying that the 4K screen is unnecessary and a gimmick, however to be honest, I'm not sure what screen they're looking at. I've put up the Z5P screen next to my Z1 (1080p) and for me personally I can definitely tell a difference. The Z5P is so much clearer and the colors are very vibrant (though not overly saturated). Also, the camera has a 1080p/60fps video mode which also works great. Lastly, the camera has an insanely fast autofocus, which does actually autofocus, which helps with quickshots. Again, camera alone was worth the purchase. Battery: Always a touchy issue with so many and always the quickest to get people to stop buying your product. With heavy usage, and again, from experience, I know what constitutes heavy, you can still EASILY get a days worth of usage on your phone. I have tried several times to intentionally kill my battery doing things that typically kill other phones instantly--biggies being streaming video, games, GPS, camera and the often under-appreciated phone calls/video(data) calls. I don't think people really know how much phone calls kill your battery, but again, tried to get it to under a day and it didn't really work. I would still have about 20% at the end (say 9-10pm) of the day. Now again, I don't have the luxury of literally sitting down from 8am-8pm doing nothing but that, but throughout the day, I would watch/play/listen/etc and still had enough battery to do more by the time I put the kids to bed. Also, the last few days I've been trying something else and seeing how the battery preserves itself. During work, I don't heavily use my phone (because, you know, I'm WORKING), but even at that with 2 email accounts synced up, and other various services running (mind you, no facebook, twitter or other SNS-sorry no social life :) I still do some messaging but still have about 80% at the end of day. I DO NOT charge the phone overnight, lose a couple more percentages and start day 2 with about 75-78%. I then continue to work again and continue to drain battery and again still have a moderate (about 65%) battery. Now again, by no means am I saying this is an end-all guide to the 5-day battery phone, but again, for practical usage for people who don't live on their phones 24/7 I can easily get 3 working days of usage on my phone, maybe 4 if I push it. Again many factors go into this, screen brightness, accounts, etc. but I have been thrilled with my battery life. Ok, I'm rambling too much so I'll wrap it up. Quickly wanted to address a negative: Bezel--never understood why people think this phone has larger bezels than others. I think there was someone who actually measured the % of screen that the bezels take up and Xperias actually have a better % than iPhones and some others. Now one thing I will note is the 3 touch buttons (back, home and apps) are taking up part of the 5.5" screen. While others, like Samsung have the buttons underneath so you get a true full screen. Anyway, minor design gripe, but still more than enough real estate on the screen. Little extra here too, again, read about how some people thought it was such a novelty that the phone was water/dust proof rated yet kept the charging port open. If you have experience with Japanese phones, you probably know that waterproofing phones is very old news. Almost all Japanese phone manufacturers, Sony, Sharp, Kyocera, make all their phones waterproof because many Japanese take their phones in the bath with them. In fact, my wife has a basic Sharp Aquos from about 2-2 1/2 years ago that is also waterproof, but already had the open charging port design implemented. Again, just a little tidbit there about the novelty of waterproofing phones, so yes the charging port is open, but the phone is still sealed. I also can attest to this as I have used the phone for pictures in not only heavy rainfall but also at a waterpark (my little girl drenched my phone but totally fine). Hopefully this helped out and if you purchase it, ENJOY!. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Gorgeous phone and fast processor. I don't understand the negativity that some reviews mention. It is a sleek looking gorgeous phone especially the chrome version I got. The most amazing thing is the display, you'll clearly see a difference with its 4K display. It takes great pictures, crisp and detailed. I'm not a heavy user and the battery lasts me at least 2 days easily. Music on this phone is Sony's high standard. Coming to the software it is near stock Android and runs smoothly. I was worried about getting this phone reading some reviews but I'm glad I went ahead with it. There is heating issue but only when you use the camera for a longer period but it cools down quick too. Works perfectly in sync with the Sony SmartWatch 3. I use a clear case to show off the chrome awesomeness. This is a great smartphone and hopefully Sony comes up with the successor in the next week's IFA.. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars great phone, horrible overheating Qualcomm 810 CPU ruins an otherwise fantastic product.. I'm a big Sony fan, and think they make great products, much more so than Samsung, LG or even HTC, and certainly on par with Apple. Sony products are well designed/engineered, solid build quality consistent with the long established reputation. Where as Samsung/LGs may have great specs. on paper and look good on the outside, their inside components are definitely lower quality in call quality, antenna reception or durability/design. Just remember there are no free lunches out there. Samsung LG is more like Honda/Toyota and will never be BMW/Mercedes. I have been using Sony smart mobile phone/tablets pretty much for the last 3 years now, and I'm hooked. From the Sony Xperia Z, to the Z Ultra, to the Z1s, Z3 smartphones, Z, Z2, Z3 tablet compact, to the Z4 tablet and now trying the Z5 premium. I have to say that While it's not Sony's fault in the SD810 processor, all the overheating issues are still true, no matter what Sony had tried, to engineer extra heatsinks to dissipate the extra heat generated by a horribly made Qualcomm SnapDragon 810. Qualcomm SD810 single handedly ruined this otherwise superior phone. From the 4k Screen, touch screen improvements, to the beautifully made premium look and feel, having all the makings of a topline product. In 90 degree+ ambient temperatures, normal use, no multimedia, the phone got hot enough that I can't take a call without a BT device, because putting it up against my face is too uncomfortably hot. Even though the phone doesn't shut down, but you'll feel like you're holding a hot potato in your hands and that's not good. This would have been a wonderful device, and potentially a top seller had it come with the SD820 chipset, what a combination that would be. This also explains why Sony decided to not sell any of the Z5s here in the US, as American tech savvy consumers will not likely put up with overheating issues. So I would say, if you love Sony's get the Z3s, no issues what so ever, or skip the Z5s and go straight to X series, but know you're no longer getting the best latest greatest from Sony with the Xperia Xs. Wish I had better news, but I'm struggling with upgrade choices as well.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. I've been having this phone for about almost 2 years and it's still really great. The mirror is really helpful at times, and ppl always ask what phone it is. 5.0 out of 5 stars Love it. Have really enjoyed my prior Sony smarts phones until my experience with the Z5 Premium. I have gone through 2 Z5 Premiums now and both are shot. 1.0 out of 5 stars WORST Sony phone ever.... Don't buy the Xperia Z5 non-Premium. the bottom line: great display, waterproofing but marred by many problems i would not recommend this phone. when there are many other Flagship android smartphones. 2.0 out of 5 stars buyer beware. Was good for about 6 months, then the LCD stopped working. Now I'm down $500, and no phone. 1.0 out of 5 stars Good for a time, but good long term.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. This was a beautiful phone with great camera however it was a prototype and some apps do not preform so I could not use it. 3.0 out of 5 stars This was a beautiful phone with great camera however it was a prototype .... Mirror back design is convenient but it is easily overheat when watching YouTube videos or taking pictures. It doesn't last for 20 months.. 3.0 out of 5 stars Not a phone for long-term investment. Camera isn't anything near as impressive as they claim. 4k can be recorded for about 10 seconds before the phone over heats. 2.0 out of 5 stars Looks great. I'm really happy about my new phone Sony Xperia 4K for wash videos or whatever is amazing I love the picture and I am recomendar somebody Wonder Phone!!! Read more. 5.0 out of 5 stars I'm really happy about my new phone Sony Xperia 4K for wash .... See and discover other items: 4k uhd , micro sim phone unlocked , smartphones sony , sony phone unlocked international , sony cell , sony xperia cell phone. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Sony Xperia Z5 Premium vs Sony Xperia Z5 Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. OS Android (7.0, 6.0, 5.1) Android (7.1, 7.0, 6.0, 5.1). Dimensions 6.08 x 2.99 x 0.31 inches (154.4 x 76 x 7.8 mm) 5.75 x 2.83 x 0.29 inches (146 x 72 x 7.3 mm). Weight 6.35 oz (180 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 5.43 oz (154 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials Main body: Glass; Accents: Metal Main body: Glass; Accents: Metal. Rugged Water, Dust resistant Water, Dust resistant. Colors Black, Gold, Silver, Pink Black, Gold, Pink, Green, White. IP certified - The IP code indicates the degree of protection against dust and water. The first number represents dust protection, while the second represents water protection. In IP67, for example, 6 means a completely dust-tight device, while 7 means the device can stay immersed in up to 1 meter of water for up to 30 minutes. In IP68, a higher level of water protection is expected, but exact numbers aren't specified: both depth and continuance are specified by the manufacturer on per device basis.. Physical size 5.5 inches 5.2 inches. Resolution 2160 x 3840 pixels 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Oleophobic coating, Scratch-resistant glass (Tempered Glass), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Oleophobic coating, Scratch-resistant glass (Tempered Glass), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Autofocus (Phase detection) Autofocus (Phase detection). Software Features Object tracking, Digital image stabilization, Touch to focus, Smile detection, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging Digital image stabilization, Touch to focus, Smile detection, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Scenes, Effects High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Scenes, Effects. Features Time-lapse video, Object tracking, Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing Continuous autofocus, Video calling. Front-facing camera 5 megapixels 5 megapixels. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994 Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994. Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A57 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A57 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. 3 GB RAM 3 GB RAM. Maximum User Storage 23 GB 23 GB. up to 200 GB up to 200 GB. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 15.17 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min) 13.16 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 26.2 days (630 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h) 21.7 days (520 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G) 19.17 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min) 17.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G) 26.2 days (630 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h) 22.5 days (540 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Stand-by time (4G) 25.8 days (620 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h) 20.8 days (500 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h). Music playback 100.00 hours 87.00 hours. Video playback 7.33 hours 8.70 hours. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Screen mirroring DLNA, Wireless screen share, MHL, MirrorLink DLNA, Wireless screen share, MHL, MirrorLink. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback, Music recognition Album art cover, Background playback, Music recognition. Speakers Earpiece, Dual speakers Earpiece, Loudspeaker. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 20, 28 Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 20, 28. LTE (TDD) Bands 38, 40 Bands 38, 40. Data LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s, UMTS LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s, UMTS. Sensors Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Pedometer, Compass, Barometer, Step detector, Step counter Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Pedometer, Compass, Barometer, Step detector, Step counter. Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. GPS, A-GPS, Glonass, BeiDou GPS, A-GPS, Glonass, BeiDou. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation. Other NFC, ANT+, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync NFC, ANT+, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Officially announced 02 Sep 2015 02 Sep 2015. 09 Apr 2016 13 Sep 2015. FCC ID value: PY7-PM0911 link FCC ID value: PY7-PM0901 link. Simultaneous Transmission 0.85 W/kg 1.16 W/kg. Wireless Router 0.81 W/kg 0.64 W/kg. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. $700 Buy. $340 Buy. $212 Buy. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. The world's first ever 4K phone is here. Sony has done it – here's the first phone to ever have a 4K display and it's unsurprisingly stunning. But in the search for a headline feature, Sony has managed to miss the mark on a few of the basics that could have made this a fantastic phone.. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium price and release date Design Large phone, which may prove too big for your hands Glass back design doesn't feel as premium as hoped Corners are more prepared to absorb impact when you drop the phone. Sony has gone and done it: this is the first ever 4K screen on a smartphone. That's the big headline for the largest of the Xperia Z5 family, and it's a truly remarkable feat from the company.. It's no secret that Sony has been struggling in the mobile phone game for quite some time, and the Japanese company released the Xperia Z5 Premium as part of the Xperia Z5 series at the end of 2016.. The family includes the Sony Xperia Z5 , which has a 5.2-inch Full HD display, a new frosted glass design and a fingerprint scanner. Then there's the smaller sibling of the Xperia Z5 Compact that boasted a similar set up, but with a 720p 4.6-inch screen and a much smaller design.. The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium was the first time we saw a large-screen Sony phone since the Xperia Z Ultra, which came with a mammoth 6.4-inch display; the Z5 Premium is measly in comparison though, with a 5.5-inch offering.. The Xperia Z5 Premium cost a lot when it initially launched at £579 / AU$1199 (about $953). But over a year later and you can buy the Xperia Z5 Premium for only £400 (about $480, AU$685). Even though the Xperia Z5 Premium has been out for a long time, it's still not available in the US and Sony hasn't revealed why. If you live in the US you'll be able to buy it from third-party retailers, but Sony isn't selling the phone directly.. It's also worth bearing in mind that Sony has already updated its phone range by offering the Xperia X family. On top of the headline phone there's the Xperia XA, Xperia XA Ultra , Xperia XZ and Xperia X Performance. None of these phones feature a 4K display though.. And this is still the go-to Sony phone for those who love larger handsets, and those who want the greatest thing. The Xperia Z5 Premium has received a lot of hype for its headline 4K display, but a lot of other features need to be present and correct if this phone is to live up to its high-end billing.. Sony has its own particular design philosophy, and has generally stuck to it ever since the original Xperia Z, making only minor changes with each new iteration.. The Xperia Z5 and Xperia Z5 Compact are especially notable for the way the rear design has switched from clear glass to frosted glass. Sadly, Sony hasn't seen fit to do the same for the Xperia Z5 Premium.. Instead, Sony has decided to keep the clear glass back of the Xperia Z3+ , and as before this picks up fingerprints as soon as you touch it.. Dimensions: 154.4 x 75.8 x 7.8mm. The Xperia Z5 Premium is much heavier than you'd expect a phone to be in 2015, coming in at 180g but feeling even weightier in the hand – it was the first thing I noticed when I picked it up.. Weight isn't always a bad thing, of course – it's good to know your phone isn't going to fly off in a gust of wind. But the Xperia Z5 Premium is large all over, and sometimes it's difficult to use because of its sheer size – and I don't have particularly small hands, so anyone with smaller mitts is going to struggle.. The edges on the Xperia Z5 Premium are an aluminium with a high-gloss texture – but it's quite easy to mistake these for plastic. In fact, I did for quite some time. The edges feel a lot less premium with that high-gloss over the top and that's an issue when the edges of the Xperia Z5 really added to the design.. It means the Z5 Premium doesn't have a convincingly 'premium' look, and it also feels a little slippery in the hand – I sometimes found when holding the phone that I was nervous it was going to fall out of my hand.. Sony has included the reinforced corners also seen on the Xperia Z5, which are designed to prevent the phone from breaking if it lands on one of them.. On the right-hand side of the phone, about halfway down, is the fingerprint sensor, which doubles as the power button. It's a sensible placing, and makes it really easy to unlock the handset.. The volume rocker is just below this, and if you're right-handed it can be quite difficult to get used to it being so low down. I'd rather it was placed above the power button, where my fingers could reach it a little more easily.. Below the rocker is the camera button – again, this is well placed, as you won't accidentally hit it when you're using the phone, and it's in easy reach when you want to take a shot in landscape orientation.. Previous Sony phones have been covered in fiddly little flaps that are prone to breaking off, and thankfully the Z5 Premium has just one, on the top-left edge.. It's easier to use than previous examples – and the slot beneath houses the microSD and nanoSIM cards, so you won't need to play around with it very often anyway.. And it also means you won't be losing that really useful waterproofing technology. Being able to take your phone into the shower with you is one of the pure joys of owning a Sony handset.. Next Page Key features. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Page 1 Sony Xperia Z5 Premium. Camera speed and low-light quality doesn't match best. Screen-on battery life worse than previous years. 5.5-inch 3,840 x 2,160 pixel LCD screen. What is the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium?. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium – Design. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium – Fingerprint scanner. The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium is a an expensive, no-compromise Android phone. It’s Sony’s equivalent to the iPhone 6S Plus and the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge .. In terms of design, each of those phones has a stand-out feature: 3D touch in the iPhone; curved sides on the Edge. The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium vies for the spotlight with its 4K-resolution screen.. Yes, that’s right – this phone features the same resolution seen on the latest 65-inch TVs. From a pure numbers perspective, it’s dead impressive. The reality, however, is different: it’s largely pointless. Add to this a number of deficiencies elsewhere, and the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium stands little chance of outdoing rival top phones from the likes of Samsung, Apple and Google.. Related: Sony Xperia Z6 release date. The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium is a super-sized version of the regular Xperia Z5. In terms of build and style, the handsets look very similar.. Flat panes of glass on the front and back are held together by metal sides and plastic-like edge caps that ensure the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium’s glass exterior doesn’t shatter the minute it takes its first impact. What hasn’t made it across is the Z5’s frosted backplate. The one here is ultra-glossy, just like the earlier Xperia Zs.. To clarify: that’s a reflection, not a bizarre decal. The Xperia Z series has plenty of admirers, but I can’t say that I’m a fan of its design. All Xperia Z’s feel a little boxy, fundamentally as a result of their rectangular shape – and in this more sizeable handset, this boxiness is even more apparent.. It may be slim, with a footprint that competes well with its rivals, but the Xperia Z Premium feels awkward and is more of a trial for your fingers. I found both the Nexus 6P and Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge slightly easier to handle, even though they sport larger 5.7-inch displays.. It isn’t only the shape that annoys either. The metal sides sit in a slightly raised position from the glass panels, and while this is sensible because it helps keep surfaces from touching the glass, the metal feels sharp. A softened or bevelled edge would have been better.. The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium feels expensive, but it doesn’t feel nice. While the engineering is perfectly decent, some consideration to what the handset’s frame is like to hold in the hand would have been welcome.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. This isn’t something that you can appreciate from the specs alone: at 7.8mm thick and weighing 180g, the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium sounds on-par with the very best large phones, if significantly heavier than Samsung’s big phones.. The sharp feel casts a shadow on the great work that has been achieved elsewhere. For example, like previous Xperia Zs, the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium is waterproof. It’s totally fuss-free waterproofing too, with no flaps on the micro-USB or headphone jacks.. However, Sony does now recommend that, even though the Xperia Z5 Premium comes with IP68 certification, you refrain from submerging the handset in water. It’s a pretty sensible reaction to the stories of other Z phones dying after being dunked, their seals having presumably failed at some point.. The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium is still home to one rubber flap, which keeps the water out of the little plastic tray slot that holds the nano SIM and microSD slots. There’s another great little extra – expandable memory; the iPhone 6S Plus, Samsung Galaxy Edge and Nexus 6P all come without. The Z5 Premium comes with 32GB of storage as standard, so you may not even need a microSD.. All of the above isn’t new to series, though. What does make its debut in the Xperia Z Premium, however, is the fingerprint scanner. See the big power button on the side? That’s it.. It’s an alternate take on the front and rear scanners seen on rival handsets, but the premise is much the same. Right now, its main use is for unlocking your phone quickly and easily.. The Nexus 6P’s scanner is a shade more brisk, but the speed and accuracy on offer here is comparable to the scanners in both the iPhone 6S Plus and Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge .. You might not be such a fan if you mainly tend to hold your phone in your left hand, of course, since your thumb will naturally be on the wrong side.. I prefer using both front and rear fingerprint scanners, as the move from scanner to screen is that bit quicker. However, it’s largely a personal thing, and the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium’s scanner is still an order of magnitude better than the early scanners that featured in the Samsung Galaxy S5 , for example.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own.. Let the 4K arms race begin.. slapped an (unnecessarily?) powerful screen on its latest flagship smartphone, the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium. Is it the best display on the market? Can you smugly show off your new uber-display to your jealous friends? Do you or your friends care?. So many questions, so few answers. What we do know is that the Premium has more to offer than eye-melting resolution, there’s also a very capable new camera and a return to the long-lost two day battery life. If you’re not familiar with my buying guides, check out my run-down of the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 , Galaxy Note Edge+ and the Moto X Pure .. The exact benefits of a 4K screen, and whether or not the difference is visible on such a small display (5.5-inches), is up for debate. Having briefly used the device, and compared it to Sony’s 1080p Z5, I struggled to see a big improvement.. With that said, the display is excellent. It’s bright, sharp and any footage blasted through it - from films, to good quality YouTube videos - looks fantastic. Sony’s argument for bumping up the screen spec is because there’s no 2.5k content (most ‘quad-HD’ displays on smartphones are actually 2.5k), whereas there’s plenty of 4K content.. The X-Reality engine (which is also found in Sony’s 4K TVs) engine behind the display also upscales HD content to 4K, including YouTube and home videos.. Honor 7 Review: Impressive $300 Samsung Galaxy S6 Rival. The two day battery that became a hallmark of Sony’s Xperia line was its saving grace. Against the backdrop of an industry hellbent on slimming down handsets and sacrificing battery size in the process, Sony stood firm. But that changed with the Z3+, which had a smaller battery than the Z3, and consequently suffered in lasting power.. That has changed with the Premium with its a large 3430 battery, which Sony claims will last comfortably for two days on a single charge. Obviously the larger battery is necessary for the power hungry display, but there’s also some other power-saving tricks dotted around the device.. Sony has reduced the size of its display model so it can fit a larger battery in the device without making it too thick (7.8mm). The Snapdragon 810 processor also turns off when it’s not being used to save power. For example, if a still image is on screen. Sony told me that “most of the time the CPU will be asleep”.. Another bonus is the faster charging, where you can get 5.5 hours of usage out of 10 minutes of charging.. 
Sony Xperia Z5 Premium - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 162 163 ». Mike1203, 25 Jan 2018 Should I get this phone, is it worth it? It is worth it, but can also get a newer one, like the XPERIA XZ. It is still receiving updates if u are into that, giving u a little information, comparing it to my XPERIA Z3+, XPERIA Z5 and XPERIA Z5 PREMIUM which have the notorious SNAPDRAGON 810 that heats up quite fast, XPERIA XZ doesn't heat up as fast as them. Besides, since the SNAPDRAGON 820 doesn't heat up that fast plus it is built in a 14nm process, it have better battery life even with a smaller battery than the XPERIA Z5 PREMIUM. But if u are interested in this smartphone because of the 4K display, go for it, and u will have to watch out for the heat, or u can wait for the price for XPERIA XZ PREMIUM to drop, if u are interested in how the XPERIA XZ PREMIUM performs, for me I don't have any heat issues when playing 4K videos for long periods of time, same goes to the camera, u might as well go for that if u are eyeing on the 4K display. Mike1203, 25 Jan 2018 Should I get this phone, is it worth it? Hi Mike,. This phone is great to use. Front Camera quality isn't that great. Still stuck with 7.1.1 update (won't recieve anymore updates because the phone is old now doesn't really matter because I upgrade next year). Phone came out 2015 and it still uses micro USB. Battery can only last a few hours. Mike1203, 25 Jan 2018 Should I get this phone, is it worth it? If you buy it brand new w/ warranty, yes w/c is rare nowadays for a 2015 phone. Should I get this phone, is it worth it?. Omar Hussain, 04 Jan 2018 Hi Raymond,. My headphone port has failed recently on my Sony Xperia Z5 Premium.. I sent my phone to sony. First time they didn't fix the headphone port the phone was still the same condition as i sent it. (They slighty scuffed it but it isn't really noticeable). I sent my phone again the second time and the phone was actually repaired this time.. Anonymous, 13 Dec 2017 Not getting Oreo for some reason, despite being released late 2015.. more They already mentioned that the XPERIA Z3 and XPERIA Z5 lineup won't be getting ANDROID OREO, and it has already been confirmed. But still my XPERIA Z3+, XPERIA Z5 and XPERIA Z5 PREMIUM are still performing well even though they are on ANDROID 7.1.1. Hassan , 17 Oct 2017 I'm using Xperia Z5 Premium. When i open the Album & click an image to view it, it take so... more That happens on my phone since I had it so I assume it's natural. Raymond, 17 Nov 2017 Ear jack of this phone suffers from serious quality issue. Less than 2 years, ear jack out of ... My headphone port has failed recently on my Sony Xperia Z5 Premium. I contacted sony customer services and I told them what the problem was. My Phone was covered by sony warranty so I didn't had to pay for any charges. You should consider checking if you have warranty on your phone if you have you should be able to book the repair. Once again the z5 premiums wifi connectivity has failed. I have never had a phone with so many problems. Not getting Oreo for some reason, despite being released late 2015. Even Samsung S6 is getting the update, which has lower specs and nearly 1 year older.... Anonymous, 07 Dec 2017 Z5 premium on Bangladesh is not what they advertised, it doesn't have 4k display and camera qu... more you bought a replica or stupid enough to go to setting and set the cam on 21 ,, its set in 8mp in default you have to change it, and also you are a sagol.. Anonymous, 07 Dec 2017 Z5 premium on Bangladesh is not what they advertised, it doesn't have 4k display and camera qu... more Your probably bought at a sidevendor or too blind to check first before purchasing the chinese knock-off fake. Z5 premium on Bangladesh is not what they advertised, it doesn't have 4k display and camera quality is just 8 megapixel. I used z3 for 2 years , that was the best phone in the world but z5 premium is just fake. I don't know about other parts of the world but all z5 premium in my country are fake. Please test your phone with apps like antutu benchmark. Miko, 25 Oct 2017 S7 edge or note 5 or z5 premium? S7 edge I got after z5premium and it's far superior.... Raymond, 17 Nov 2017 Ear jack of this phone suffers from serious quality issue. Less than 2 years, ear jack out of ... more 4 times in 6 months for me cancelled contract after that.... Any heat problem I want purchase pls answer this phone good or bad. Ear jack of this phone suffers from serious quality issue. Less than 2 years, ear jack out of order 3 times. Can't wait to go back to Samsung phone.. i just wanna ask about the android version.how to update it to nougat 7.1?. Miko, 25 Oct 2017 S7 edge or note 5 or z5 premium? Depends on what type of smartphone u want. If u want performance, GALAXY S7 EDGE is the way to go, because it is the most powerful of the 3 when comes to performance. If u want the best display then the XPERIA Z5 PREMIUM is definitely for u with a 4K IPS LCD display, if u are willing to sacrifice some horsepower with some increase in heat. Overall I would say the GALAXY S7 EDGE is best, currently, if u are concerned about the software updates, because it is the newest of the 3, so software updates will still go to the GALAXY S7 EDGE. Do note that the GALAXY S7 EDGE will be getting ANDROID OREO a few months later. Miko, 25 Oct 2017 S7 edge or note 5 or z5 premium? Depends on what you want. If you are after strong battery life, Z5 is the definite choice. If you want a good screen, probably S7 edge or Note 5. The Z5's screen is a high resolution one, just the LCD isn't the best quality. Camera is either the Z5 or S7 edge, my personal choice would be the S7 edge although the megapixel count is lower, the colours pop out more and look overall better. For looks, it's either the S7 or Z5. The Note series never really popped out to me much unless you count the Note 8. Pages: 1 2 3 … 162 163 ». Total of 3260 user reviews and opinions for Sony Xperia Z5 Premium .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia XZ Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual Sony Xperia XZ1. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia XA. 
Sony is quick to boast about the world's first 4K display in a phone, but in truth it's something of a misstep.. The marketing materials and the box might boast of the 4K display on the Z5 Premium. But what you actually get for 99 percent of the time is just a more expensive, larger version of the other Xperia Z5 phones. This phone is a little too far ahead of its time.. Sony Xperia Z5 Full Review. Complete lack of 4K content made available by Sony. Far too expensive for what you actually get over the other Z5 phones. The Xperia Z5 Premium completes Sony's trifecta of high-end Android smartphones for late 2015. As the name hints, this one is the range-topper, but for the most part it's the same as the other two Xperia Z5 phones where it really matters. The Xperia Z5 range goes from the 4.6-inch Compact now up to the 5.5-inch Premium, meaning that you don't have to have a large phone to also have the best hardware available.. But while the approach of a singular, consistent experience across multiple devices is one we applaud, that's not what Sony is shouting about with this phone. The Xperia Z5 Premium is the world's first smartphone with a 4K display, and it's that which you'll see across the marketing materials.. We've already spent some good time with the smaller phones in the lineup , so now it's time to see if Sony's Ultra HD Xperia is worth your time. I (Richard Devine) have been using a UK retail version of the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium for about a week on EE using a mixture of 4G, 3G and Wi-Fi. The phone was kindly loaned to us by Clove Technology and you can buy your own here for £574.80.. Also, as many parts of this review mirror those already written within our review of the Xperia Z5 and Xperia Z5 Compact , this will be more of a mini-review referencing the previous coverage throughout.. Before we get too far along with the review, it's worth taking a look at everything inside the Z5 Premium's box. Let's unbox this thing, then get into the details in the review.. For the most part the Xperia Z5 follows the same pattern as the Xperia Z5 and Xperia Z5 Compact. Much of the hardware is shared with the other two models in the lineup. Indeed, at 5.5 inches the Z5 Premium completes the size coverage too. Sony has 4.6-, 5.2- and 5.5-inch models of the Xperia Z5. As I originally pointed out in our review of the other two phones, this is a smart move from Sony and one that we welcome across the board. Generally speaking, the high-end goes hand-in-hand these days with large displays, but not everyone wants that. Whether you want a small phone, a large phone or something in between, Sony has you covered without having to sacrifice on specs or experience.. The Z5 Premium goes back to being a glossy fingerprint magnet. The Z5 Premium continues the "Omnibalance" design language we've been seeing from Sony for some years now, just as with the other Xperia Z5 phones. The one immediate difference this time around though is on the rear. While the other Z5 phones ditched the glossy back for a more understated yet still stylish matte finish, the Premium goes back to the gloss. And that means it will show up just about every single fingerprint you ever lay on it.. I've got the black one here, so it's at least not that noticeable in passing. That mirrored finish version , though, that must be tough to keep smear-free.. The black model is a very good-looking phone, though. It's black on black on black, with the only accents coming from the chrome camera ring and the matte silver power button. It also helps to distract from the huge top and bottom bezels that continue to be an Xperia trademark.. Also, as on the other phones, there's a physical camera button, which is still fantastic. The volume rocker is also down low on the right hand edge. Which I disapprove of less on this bigger model, since in my left hand I now wrap my fingers around the phone in such a way that my pinky can easily catch it. And of course, the fingerprint scanner is embedded within the power button half-way up the right side, just like the other phones, meaning you'll need very long fingers or just to use the phone right-handed to make use of it.. Weirdly, the larger model feels more comfortable to hold.. Weirdly, though, this larger model feels more comfortable to hold and use than the smaller ones. I couldn't tell you exactly why, and it makes little sense. It's a big, flat slab after all. The cameras both back and front are the same 23MP and 5MP shooters, respectively, as on the other phones, which includes 4K video recording capabilities on the rear one. And as we discovered previously, the overheating problems of old when it comes to actually shooting 4K video are largely gone. Which is important for this phone.. Because that brings me to the display. The world's first 4K display on a smartphone.. Nothing can take that away from Sony. It is an Ultra HD display and it is on a smartphone. But here's the kicker: it comes off as little more than marketing hype. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium: The 4K display — or lack of. What Sony is doing with the Xperia Z5 Premium's 4K display isn't totally without sense and reason. Most of the time you're "just" looking at a 1080p representation of whatever is on the screen. "Xperia Z5 Premium uses its 4K display when you're viewing either the 4K content you've captured using your device or third-party 4K content from streaming services – all other content (including the homescreen and apps) are displayed in 1080p Full HD or lower resolution to simply optimize performance, power consumption and battery stamina so you can use the device for up to two days without charging.". If running a 4K display at 4K resolution is going to drain your battery as quickly as you can pour a bottle of water onto the floor, then it's no good. But the issue is the complete lack of content that makes it worth even having a 4K display at all right now.. The issue is the complete lack of content. Some units sent to reviewers had a tiny amount of video pre-loaded to show it off. You can't get it from YouTube, Amazon or Netflix at this time (really, the only places you'll find 4K content worth watching right now), and you're limited to sideloading or shooting your own. I don't own a 4K TV or computer monitor so I also don't own any 4K content to try that with. So I shot a quick video. And truth be told I'm not sure my eyes could tell the difference between it on the Z5 Premium and on another 1080p phone I loaded it up on. At 5.5 inches it's probably overkill for video.. Do we need 4K on a smartphone?. Just because a phone maker thinks we do, doesn't necessarily make it so? Do we actually need 4K on a smartphone yet? Here's a quick run through of the arguments both for and against it.. Do we really need 4K on a smartphone yet?. Photos, on the other hand, look gorgeous. If you're using the Z5 Premium in manual mode and shooting full-res 23MP images they look better on this phone than on any other I've seen recently. More clarity, more scope to zoom in, more detail, it's a superb thing for the keen mobile photographer. But while good it may be, it's probably not something that should make you throw your money at Sony.. Naturally the world will progress to a more 4K dependent one. VR will become more popular and more pixels are something you really want there. Eventually we'll be able to stream 4K video, but at this size, it's probably not going to be that much of a difference in what you can see.. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Software. As with the Xperia Z5 and Xperia Z5 Compact, the Premium comes out of the box running Android 5.1.1 Lollipop with a smattering of Sony customizations sprinkled over the top. That's a good way to describe it, too, as Sony has come a long way from the Xperia of old where you'd be hard pushed some time to recognize the operating system beneath. What's on top is light, doesn't hamper performance and is mostly a pleasure to use.. You've got a mixture of regular Lollipop elements, like the notification shade and the task switcher, blended together seamlessly with Sony's launcher and custom applications. Speaking of, many of the pre-loaded applications, or bloat as we often refer to them, can be removed really easily. PlayStation fans are well catered for and naturally Sony has preloaded its own music and video services, too. It's important to also remember that you'll need to be within the Album or Video apps to view 4K content right now.. And as with all of Sony's other recent phones you might want to check out the Xperia Lounge. It's like an owners club for Xperia smartphones and offers up exclusive content only available through the app. Much of it may not interest you but there's always a chance you'll find something awesome in there.. How to take a screenshot on the Sony Xperia Z5. The value add to Sony's software continues with things like built in screen recording and being able to live stream to both Twitch and YouTube whatever you're playing on your phone. You may never understand Twitch streaming, but if you're a keen Clash of Clans streamer, an Xperia Z5 might well be the phone for you.. Sony has also been pretty open so far with regards what its doing with Android 6.0 Marshmallow. It's currently testing it semi-publicly on the Xperia Z3, so all signs should point towards relatively swift action. But until there's a date, there's not a lot to talk about.. For more on the software, be sure to refer back to our original Z5 review or even the Xperia Z3+ review. For better or worse things have stayed mostly the same throughout.. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Camera. Both the rear and front shooters on the Xperia Z5 Premium are the same units as on the other two phones in the range. Sounds familiar, right? That's not a bad thing since the camera is one other thing Sony makes big boasts about. The 23MP EXMOR RS sensor on the back will, for the most part, take oversampled 8MP images in Superior Auto mode just as previous phones before it have. For casual photographers this will be the best way to use it and you'll get pretty great looking shots out of it most of the time. In good light, it's up there with the best of them and it's not too shabby when things get a little darker.. Sony Xperia Z5 camera tips and tricks. If you're looking for a few quick tips and tricks to get yourself up and running with the camera on your new Xperia Z5, you're in luck. We've pulled together a quick five to get you going in the right direction.. Five camera tips and tricks for the Xperia Z5 and Xperia Z5 Compact. But since it's the same camera as on the other phones one of our biggest criticisms carries over: There's no optical image stabilization. When Huawei, Samsung, LG and even Apple on the competing side are using OIS in their phones, why isn't Sony? For a claim such as the "world's best camera on a smartphone" it's something you'd expect to find. And as with the other Z5 phones, it suffers at times for lack of it. Software can only do so much and in non-optimal lighting conditions you'll soon find some less clear areas on your photos.. What we do now have on the Xperia Z5 Premium thanks to a recent software update is a new camera app from Sony. The essence remains the same as before, but it's cleaner-looking and makes getting to some key features that little bit easier than before. Of course, the best feature remains the hardware shutter button with its two-stage action. Half press to focus then plunge it down all the way to take the shot. Outside of some of Microsoft's highest-end Lumia phones, a physical camera button is something not often seen. And it's something we'd like to see more of as phone cameras continue to get ever more impressive.. Superior Auto will do a decent job at matching the shooting conditions with suitable settings, there are still a bundle of camera mini apps that you should or shouldn't use (seriously, don't use the AR effects, it's not worth the horrible performance issues), one of which is 4K video recording.. On the Z5 Premium, 4K recording is more of a big deal because you can actually see the content you shot at native resolution. I'm no JJ Abrams so my efforts on the whole are rather poor. but quality generally is just OK. Both in terms of what it's recording and the thing you're looking at it on. I was maybe ready to be wowed a little more, but the footage is shaky, not overly crisp and won't be replacing dedicated 4K cameras any time soon. And be prepared for the inevitable battery drain that accompanies it.. Xperia Z5 Premium Battery life. While Sony used to be all about actual two-day battery life, truth now is it's about up to two-day battery life. You should be able to comfortably make it through a day so long as you stay away from things like 4K video. Expect around 4 hours screen on time in that, maybe more depending on your use, which isn't horrible.. The battery life is also one of the factors in Sony's decision to have its 4K display tuned down most of the time. If you're processing for all of those pixels all of the time, you're not going to see much battery past lunch time most days. So, aside from this, the battery life is OK. Just as with the regular Z5 and Compact, it's decent without being exemplary.. As with those other phones, Sony is doing a bunch of stuff to help you maximize your power. Stamina mode will allow for some user-defined presets on how the phone behaves away from the charger, and QuickCharge 2.0 will help you top up in a hurry. It'd be nice if Sony was including a QuickCharge power brick in the box with this reasonably-expensive phone, so bear that in mind if you want to juice up at warp speed.. Some folks will no doubt be able to make it through two days with the Z5 Premium. I'm most certainly not one of them.. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium: The bottom line. Anyone hoping for a real wow factor with this phone based on the specs or the marketing hype will be sadly disappointed. While the Z5 Premium isn't a bad phone by any stretch, it simply doesn't live up to that hype or the pretty steep retail price. With UK pricing set by Sony at £600 ($713 accounting for VAT) or thereabouts, the first thing we'd suggest is that you shop around for a deal. But above all that, it's just not worth it. Not unless you absolutely want a Sony Xperia Z5 and you want the Z5 with the largest screen available.. The 4K display is too far ahead of its time. We aren't yet in a world where 4K tablets with much heftier batteries are a thing, and there's very little use for one on a smartphone. But what about future proofing? OK, say that's actually a legitimate argument. The battery in the back of the phone probably won't cut it with more 4K more of the time. Software updates are one thing, but you can't upgrade the physical thing inside the phone. So honestly, I don't buy it. I'd go for a 4K TV before a 4K phone.. The Z5 Premium is lost behind a whole lot of marketing spiel. It's easy to get swept up in the marketing and specs, but it ultimately leaves you, the consumer, a little short. What this is 95 percent of the time is a larger version of the Xperia Z5 that costs a fair bit more with the only gain being a larger, but still 1080p, display. The Premium in its name feels a little shallow.. Should you buy the Xperia Z5 Premium? No. There's absolutely nothing wrong with wanting an Xperia Z5. But, honestly, we couldn't recommend you spending your money on the Premium unless you absolutely have to have a 5.5-inch display. What you should do is save your money and get either of the smaller ones.. Our recommendation still lies with the Z5 Compact. A high-end phone in a small body which is the cheapest of the bunch while being almost identical on the hardware front.. If you are wanting to pick up a Sony Xperia Z5 Premium for yourself there are a few places in Europe to get one from right now. Check out some of the links below to get your order on.. Buy from Clove Buy from Amazon UK Buy from Carphone Warehouse. Reviewing the Sony Xperia Z5 and Z5 Compact. Much of the Xperia Z5 Premium is a shared experience with the Xperia Z5 and Xperia Z5 Compact. Sony's flagship comes in three sizes with a mostly consistent experience. So for a little background be sure to check out our review of these.. Sony Xperia Z5 and Xperia Z5 Compact review. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium is the Japanese company's flagship device for 2015. It's standout feature is its 4K 5.5" IPS LCD display, which boasts a resolution of 2160 x 3840, giving it a pixel density of 806 pixels per inch. As with the other Xperia Z5 devices, the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium is powered by a 2GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon processor and 3GB of RAM. It has 32GB internal storage, and can take up to 200GB more with microSD card. The Xperia Z5 Premium boasts a 23MP shooter on the rear, with fast phase detection autofocus and 4K video recording, while the front has a 5.1MP camera with 1080P video recording. Other features of the Xperia Z5 Premium include IP68 certification, meaning it's dustproof and waterproof, a fingerprint sensor, and a 3430mAh battery.. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Xperia Z5 Premium Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting. Xperia Z5 Premium Original Android Development. Xperia Z5 Premium Themes and Apps. Kernels : Sony Xperia Z5 Premium. Tools/Utilities : Sony Xperia Z5 Premium. Rom List : Sony Xperia Z5 Premium. Xperia Z5 Premium General Xperia Z5 Premium Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Xperia Z5 Premium Accessories Xperia Z5 Premium Android Development Xperia Z5 Premium Original Android Development Xperia Z5 Premium Themes and Apps. Most Active Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Topics. [ROM][UNOFFICAL] Resurrection Remix 5.8.X for Xperia Z5P E68XX (Unofficial). [ROM][UNOFFICAL] CarbonROM | cr-5.1 for Xperia Z5P E68XX. [ROM][UNOFFICAL] AICP 12.1 for Xperia Z5 Premium. ROOTED KERNEL E6833-E6853-E6883- 9OCT17- 32.4.A.1.54, Android7.1.1. So, i just got me a brand new Z5p. [FTF][Android 7.1.1][ROOT][R/W][32.4.A.1.54] E68xx + Patched Kernels (Google Drive). [Mod]◢ PurePerformances™X ◣ | Golden Edition | Scary performances on Android-Battery. Xperia X - Icon pack working without Root. More Xperia Z5 Premium General Threads. Xperia Z5 Premium Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting. What should I do after deodex. Help stock camera app on custom rom. More Xperia Z5 Premium Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Threads. Change frame on the Z5 Premium??. Ringke Fusion Crystal for Xperia Z5 Premium. Chrome mirror front tempered glass screen protector. More Xperia Z5 Premium Accessories Threads. [SafetyNet] Stock Kernel + TWRP + Magisk + Magisk Manager for Z5P Single/Dual. ROOTED KERNEL E6833-E6853-E6883- 9OCT17- 32.4.A.1.54, Android7.1.1. [ROM] [Z5/Z5P-Single/Dual] RXSW Moonbreakers Edition [1.7.0] [30/09/16] [6.0.1]. [ROM][UNLOCK]Flyme 6 For Z5 Premium E6883. More Xperia Z5 Premium Android Development Threads. Xperia Z5 Premium Original Android Development. [CM][Recovery] for Satsuki by SonyAosp Team. More Xperia Z5 Premium Original Android Development Threads. Xperia Z5 Premium Themes and Apps. Xperia™ Z5 Premium - Post Your Home Screen Here. New Xperia UI and lock screen. Z5P Xperia Loop™ UI ,navbar tuner,night mod,ambient display,5 row QC (.37x) (.33). More Xperia Z5 Premium Themes and Apps Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
"Watch the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium's 4K screen shrug off a splashing. " will start after this message from our sponsors.. CNET First Look. Watch the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium's 4K screen shrug off a splashing We take a closer look at Sony's new flagship phone, which has the highest resolution display we've ever seen. 2:45 / November 17, 2015. Sony experience that fight premium the flagship Sony phone we been waiting for. While the regular experience at five was pretty much reissue of the dead so before it the dead five premium comes with a larger screen with a whopping 4k resolution. [INAUDIBLE] The screen's actual resolution is 3840 by 2160 pixels which equates to around 801 pixels per range on its 5.5 inch screen. Now that's the highest resolution I've ever seen on a phone and, in fact, it's about double the resolution you'll get on the iPhone 6S Plus. However, can you actually tell the difference?. Well to my eyes, no, not really. Even when I put the same hi-res photo side-by-side on destiny iPhone, I couldn't really tell a lot of difference. In the same goes for high definition video as well. Maybe if you've got particularly keen vision and you get right up close to the screen, you might see some small differences. But, it certainly isn't a difference that reaches out and just smacks you in the face and, given the price, I really would want it to to that. Physically, there's no question when it's parts of Sony's experian line. It's got a glossy minimalist design and Sony has made the sides a lot more squared off. Still waterproof although Sony no longer recommends submerging it in the water. Instead the waterproofing is just designed to keep it safe from spilled drinks, or when your taking calls in the rain. What you can't do though is use it for underwater photography. Speaking of photography, though, the camera is one of the [UNKNOWN] premium's trump cards with a whopping 23 megapixel sensor. It can take some great shots with plenty of color and loads of detail. And, of course, it can shoot video in 4K as well. And, on this one of course, you can even watch the footage back in 4K. Inside it's running on a [UNKNOWN] Snapdragon 8.10 processor with 3 gigabytes as well which make navigating the Android interface incredibly swift. Gaming is, of course, handled really well as is photo editing. There's really very little you can throw at this thing to slow it down. You'll also find Android lollipop software and on the side is a fingerprint scanner which works quickly and accurately. This phone is worthy of its premium name. It really does do everything you'd expect from a top-end phone, but, yet, I'm still not quite calling it a triumph. Slapping 4K into a screen sounds impressive on paper, but in reality it doesn't really add all that much to your experience. What it does do It bumps up the price. If you're after a high-performance Android phone you can safely use in the rain, the Z5 Premium is definitely worth a look. If waterproofing isn't that important to you though, and you don't really care about bragging about your 4K display, save yourself a bit of money and look elsewhere. I'm Andrew Hoyle for cnet and this is a Sony Xperia Z5 premium. Motorola's Moto X4 packs a boatload of AI goodies. Five annoying things about the iPhone X. ZTE Axon M is a quirky phone with double the display. Razer Phone: Why you'd buy or avoid one. LG V30 is the 'everything but the kitchen sink' phone. The Mate 10 Pro is flashy and brings portrait selfies. Kind of like a cheaper Pixel 2. ZTE Axon M has 2 screens and opens into a 6.8-inch tablet. Latest Phones videos. Top 5 reasons to buy the Samsung Galaxy S9. If you are looking for an excuse to part with your old phone for Samsung's latest, you came to the right place.. Top 5 reasons not to buy the Samsung Galaxy S9. The S9 is finally official and it's got a lot of cool features, but maybe you don't need it.. Vivo's Apex concept phone rises to the challenge. Vivo made a prototype that does three very cool things.. Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus: CNET editors react. Do Samsung's latest phones have what it take to tackle the iPhone X?. Cat S61 phone packs the hottest thermal-imaging tech around. The successor to the 2016 Cat S60 also packs a distance-measuring tool and air quality sensor.. Curved glass makes the flagship Nokia 8 Sirocco look great. It's also waterproof and has wireless charging. Samsung's new Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus look a lot like their predecessors, but the upgrades are mostly below the surface. How does the Galaxy S9 compare to the iPhone X?. Samsung's new Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus take on Apple's iPhone X with improved camera features and their own take on animojis.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Recent Posts ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video) More Galaxy S9 pricing and availability info comes from T-Mobile, AT&T, Verizon and Best Buy Recent Comments Anonymous on CES 2018 will not be graced by FCC chairman Ajit Pai Anonymous on Pixel 2 XL does not charge at full 18W allowed by adapter Anonymous on iPhone 8 and iPhone X cases made by Apple will allow for wireless charging Anonymous on Apple Store in China had just two customers in line for iPhone 8 Anonymous on Galaxy S8 will feature software navigation buttons and launch March 29 Archives February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Accessories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Other OS Phones Reviews Security & Privacy Tablets Uncategorized Wearables Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium review: a 4K display to brag about. Nagy December 4, 2015 9:48 am. We spent quite some time thinking before sitting down to build this review: what’s the reason behind the Xperia Z5’s existence, since it packs the exact same internals as the Z3+/Z4 before it? Aside from the fingerprint scanner embedded in the side-mounted button and a slightly improved camera (on paper), we couldn’t find any. Well, maybe a better take on the Snapdragon 810, which managed to heat up the Z3+/Z4 pretty badly (it manages, to a certain degree, to do the same inside the Z5 Premium too. Luckily, this isn’t the Xperia Z5 review, as we’re looking at the Xperia Z5 Premium, and, in this case, it is somewhat easier. Yes, it packs the same internals as the Z5 (and the Z3+/Z4), but in the Premium’s case, there’s a 4K display –the world’s first on a smartphone– as well as a form factor that Sony so dearly missed. It’s the largest Sony Xperia to date, if you don’t count the now-extinct 6.4-inch Xperia Z Ultra .. But 4K on a smartphone isn’t as simple as the headline (or the company’s marketing) makes it look. Sony’s asking a pretty hefty sum for this phone. compared to the rest of the line-up. So is the Premium worth the premium? That’s what we’re here to find out, in our Sony Xperia Z5 Premium review.. When it comes to the looks of the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium, this story, too, has two sides. It’s the same design philosophy that’s led to every Sony Xperia since the original Xperia Z. OmniBalance is what Sony’s been calling it, with an aluminum frame and chassis sandwiched between glass on the front and back. Whether you like it or not is totally up to you and your personal taste, but this is what defines Sony’s smartphones. Of course, it has slightly evolved to accommodate some of the new features, like the embedded fingerprint scanner and the reinforced corners, but you can instantly recognise it as a Sony phone, and that’s not a bad thing after all.. Just like previous Xperia Z phones, the Z5 Premium is rated IP 65/68, making it waterproof and dust tight. However, this time around, this particular specification is not being called out on the box itself, and a nasty Sony disclaimer makes you think twice before taking the phone for a swim (something you didn’t care about with previous models): “ You should not: put the device completely underwater; or expose it to seawater, salt water, chlorinated water or liquids such as drinks. Abuse and improper use of device will invalidate warranty ”.. Build quality and materials are top notch, as you’d expect. The phone feels incredibly good in the hand, despite its rather large dimensions. Measuring 154.4 x 76.0 x 7.8 mm and 181 grams, it is comparable with the Samsung Galaxy Note5 in almost every aspect, give or take a millimeter and 10 grams in its favor.. Being an all-glass phone on the front and back has its downsides though. Aside from an elevated risk of breaking should you drop it on concrete, asphalt or tile, it is slippery. It will slip or move on most surfaces you’re going to place it on, and it will be slippery in your hands as well, despite Sony’s attempt to sharpen its far edges for a better grip.. As opposed to the other phones in the Z5 family, which are matte, the Z5 Premium has a shiny/glossy finish on the back. It looks good, especially the signature chrome/mirror version seen. in this review – but if you want to keep it looking good you’ll have to clean it very often.. The world’s first 4K display on a smartphone dominates most of the device’s front, with the signature thick bezels at the top and bottom, and not the thinnest side bezels on a 2015 smartphone. Measuring 5.5-inches in diagonal, this 4K UHD screen has a resolution of 3840×2160 and a resulting insane 806PPI resolution. The panel utilizes Sony’s TRILUMINOS technology, in addition to other image enhancing engines like X-Reality for mobile, and Sony’s Dynamic Contrast Enhancer.. If you can’t get used to the slightly cool color temperature, you can always tweak it from the settings. The panel is bright enough (and is capable of being dim enough) to accommodate most user needs, and side-angle visibility is top notch. While the panel doesn’t display any color distortion when viewed from an acute angle, it loses some of its brightness, but that’s no deal-breaker. Colors are vivid, blacks are deep, and the X-Reality engine does a great job at constantly adjusting both of these attributes on the fly, in addition to applying scene-dependent sharpening.. But what about that 4K resolution? The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium is a 4K smartphone … but not really. Whether it’s because the lack of 4K support in the Android 5.1.1 Lollipop version that’s powering the phone, Sony’s decision to conserve battery life, or both, the Z5 Premium barely runs in native 4K resolution. According to Sony itself, the company’s. Movie and Album applications are the only ones that trigger 4K resolution (sometimes upscaled), for displaying high-resolution pictures, or 4K content that’s either been shot with the device itself or side loaded.. In all other scenarios (home screen, apps, etc.), the Xperia Z5 Premium runs in 1080p Full HD or lower resolution. Sony claims it’s “ to simply optimize performance, power consumption and battery stamina ”. However, there’s a built-in upscaling algorithm for photos and movies that will boost the resolution of your content. It’s not simple pixel doubling, it’s a tad more complicated, and Sony’s calling it “pixel complementing” that adds pixels to the original source. All that fancy hocus pocus results in sharp upscaled images and movies.. But will you see a difference, say, compared to a Quad HD screen? The short answer is “no”. Regardless of how good your eyesight is, unless you’re using a magnifying glass (or microscope) you won’t be able to tell the difference between Quad HD and 4K on a screen of this size. You will see a slight improvement, however, over a Full HD display.. Whether or not you believe it’s just a bragging right is totally up to you, but, in any case, Sony deserves the praise for developing and implementing (with the limitations explained above and below) a 4K display, for the first time, on a smartphone.. You can find more details about Sony’s 4K display implementation on the Xperia Z5 Premium in the video below:. You’ll find familiar specs under that fancy screen. There’s little improvement over the previous model, the Xperia Z3+/Z4. A fingerprint scanner embedded in the side-mounted power button represents Sony’s first take on smartphone biometric security (with the Z5 line-up). It’s placement on the side, too, is a two-sided story. Right-handed users will find it ergonomic, lefties not so much, unless they register an index or middle finger. Unlocking the phone while placed on a table is difficult though.. for pioneering a different approach than the “classic” front or back-mounted solution, but, then again, the company, thanks to its design language and its limitations, didn’t really have a choice.. We found fingerprint scanner performance to be a hit or miss. When it works, it works well and fairly quickly; when its own mind takes over, it really doesn’t. our unit, but found other users complaining about it on Twitter, YouTube, and even Sony’s own support blog. can be fixed via a software patch. The sensor, however, has to be really clean (and your fingers as well), in order for it to function. Moisture in general (water, steam, sweat, condensation) will render it unusable until wiped clean. Simply touching the button doesn’t wake and unlock the device. You have to press the power button to wake the device, and either keep your finger on it for a while, or remove and re-tap, in order for the device to unlock.. Below the power button lies the volume rocker. Its placement generated some controversy in that same Twittersphere, but it’s not. uncomfortable once you’ve gotten used to it.. The camera is an improvement over its predecessor, at least on paper. It now packs a 1/2.3” 23MP mobile Sony Exmor RS sensor, with the same ISO sensitivity of 12800 for stills and 3200 for video. Hybrid auto focus ensures quick and sharp results. There’s a wide-angle 24mm lens, and a new, 5x Clear Image Zoom feature that didn’t impress us much. More on the camera and its performance in the dedicated segment below. However, we need to mention this up front: we’re big fans of the two-stage dedicated camera focus/shutter button which comes in handy not only when shooting underwater pictures (not recommended by Sony), but in everyday use. wraps up the differences between the Z5 Premium (Z5) and the predecessor. The battery is, of course, larger at 3430 mAh, and Sony claims it’s good for up to two days of operation. Our findings aren’t far from the manufacturer’s claim, but you can find more details in the “performance” section below. Despite not supplying a quick charger out of the box, the phone is QuickCharge 2.0 capable, collecting about 1% charge per minute.. A 64-bit octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 (MSM8994) processor, together with the Adreno 430 GPU, is at the heart of the Z5 premium. It’s the same SoC Sony employed on the Z3+/Z4, this time with thermal paste applied and dual heat pipes to counter the overheating issues that plagued those earlier phones. Despite all of that, the Z5 Premium gets hot too; not to the point of crippling operation or shutting down apps (or the phone), but enough to notice, and sometimes for the phone to lower the brightness in consequence.. The 3GB of RAM ensure buttery smooth performance and multi-tasking, and the 32GB of on-board storage (about 26GB user-accessible) can be augmented with the help of a microSD card of up to 200GB, sharing a tray with the Nano SIM behind the single flap on the left edge. Thankfully, all the other ports/holes (headphone, microUSB and lanyard) are open, with an internal water-resistant coating taking care of the immersion protection.. Radio offers a wide 2G/3G/4G/LTE band compatibility (depending on regions though), as well as aGPS, Bluetooth 4.1, DLNA capabilities, Wi-Fi MIMO, and NFC, in addition to MHL 3.0 support.. The front-firing speakers placed at the top and bottom extremities are something we’re by now used to with Sony phones. While they offer a more immersive listening experience than a back or side-mounted speaker thanks to the stereo effect, the sound quality (and overall volume) isn’t going to wow you. However, the phone supports High-Resolution Audio and the headphone output is top notch in terms of quality, though the headphone volume is still too low for our taste, and we had to use a dedicated headphone amp and DAC to unleash its full potential.. Android Lollipop powers the Xperia Z5 Premium, with the usual Sony custom UI on top of it. It’s not extensive, not super light, but decent, and thankfully it doesn’t impact performance at all. Being an unlocked phone, bloatware is kept at its minimum, and, if you don’t mind the colorful Sony app icons and Settings page, your experience will be a pleasant one.. As previously mentioned, Sony’s own Album application is custom built to enable display. of 4K/upscaled content, as well as playback of 4K videos. Aside from that, it’s your typical Sony Album that’s good looking, fast, and fluid. Same goes for the Music app, but then again every manufacturer is striving to find the perfect balance between looks, usability, and performance.. Not much is going on with notification shade and the quick settings, where you can customize the commands and icons that are shown. The Settings menu however has been adapted to suit Sony’s needs, but that’s not necessarily a bad. thing, as it keeps things fluid and consistent.. Google Now can be accessed by long tapping on the home virtual button, and the multitasking icon to its right brings up a card-like representation of your running apps, in addition to the button that will close them all. This is also the place where you can access your “small apps”, which are windows floating on top of everything else. included are represented in the screenshot below, with the option of either downloading new ones from the Play store, or turning a Widget into a small app.. There are some pre-installed Sony apps ranging from ones that allow you to access content and services, to those that enable you to either control your TV, access PlayStation functionality, or recognize music and TV shows.. Overall, Sony’s software has matured to become stable and fast enough to live with it as it is, and the colorful icons aren’t too intrusive. Android 6.0 Marshmallow will be available for the Z5 Premium (and other Sony devices as well), but an exact timeframe hasn’t been made public yet. Among many other things, it will bring battery life improvements, but Sony is already doing a tremendous job in this department with basic optimizations, in addition to its own Power Management options that include STAMINA mode, Ultra STAMINA mode, and low battery mode.. The Camera application has been updated to a new version. Even if your phone comes with the previous version out of the box, it will be updated to a fresh, minimalistic UI, with the mode selector on the left, together with the flash toggle and camera selector;. settings, shutter button and most recent thumbnail take up the right edge.. The default mode is Sony’s Superior Auto, which does a pretty good job at recognizing your shooting environment and adapting to it for best results. The manual mode, however, is where you’ll be able to select scenes, and play with white balance, exposure levels, ISO. (Keep in mind, however, that none of these are available if you’re shooting in 23MP, as they’re confined to 8MP modes.). Additionally, you have the option of selecting a preloaded camera app or installing your own, ranging from various fun modes that involve AR, to the standard Panorama or 4K video modes.. All of these are there to unleash your creativity and enable you to generate good looking stills and video.. Under optimal shooting conditions the results are good. Focus is fast, even though it won’t always focus on what you’d want it to focus on, colors are true-to-life, and noise, while present, is acceptable. The resulting images are sharp (when in focus) and look good on the Z5 Premium’s screen. conditions yield different results, depending on whether you use Superior Auto –and let it choose the shooting mode– or manually instruct the camera to treat a scene according to your settings. As with everything, there’s a learning curve, and a lot of trial and error, but once you get to know the. camera, you’ll be generally satisfied with the results.. The problems start appearing, as always, when you remove the light from the equation. The Xperia Z5 Premium would really benefit from optical image stabilization. The software solution Sony is employing does the job at the basic level, but, when you really want to capture that night scene you need to either a) rely on Superior Auto, which produces inferior results, or b) select the night mode in manual, in which case you simply can’t go handheld without inducing blur. prop the phone against something or use a tripod, though,. There’s a lot of noise in low light, something Sony could fix (or improve) via a software update, to fine-tune the resulting image. Sometimes images look like pastels painted in watercolor and sometimes they’re acceptable, but we wouldn’t recommend the Z5 Premium as the first option for. It is simply not reliable and consistent enough; we found ourselves often taking three-to-five stills of the same scene, to capture the memory, just to get back home to see the results on the computer, and delete most if not all instances. Sony can no longer get away with no OIS, and we think it’s time the company took that seriously — not to mention that Sony’s IMX 240 sensor does a better job on the Note 5 than the IMX 300 sensor inside the Z5 Premium (or its implementation).. The same applies when shooting video. Software stabilization (SteadyShot) can be manually selected: options include off, Standard, and a more aggressive Intelligent Active, which isn’t available in 4K mode. Similarly, shooting in 4K or Full HD 60FPS disables scene selection options, but these are available in 30FPS.. Launching a dedicated camera app is required for shooting 4K video, with customizable white balance and exposure options available to the user. Fortunately, shooting 4K video doesn’t seem to bog down the Xperia Z5 Premium, as in the case of other smartphones like the Droid Turbo 2 , which uses. the same processor, with the same amount of RAM. does indeed heat up after about ten minutes of recording.. stills, colors are true to life and videos are sharp and usually in focus (though focus is slower than in still mode) with decent contrast and noise levels. That is, until your scene changes to low light, at which point you’ll see a helluva lot of noise.. On the whole, we wouldn’t say that the camera on the Xperia Z5 Premium is the best out there (there’s serious competition from the Galaxy S6/edge/edge+, Note5, G4, V10, iPhone 6s/Plus, etc.), but it’s definitely a good shooter, that could become even better if Sony could further tweak it.. Performance Pros Cons Pricing and Availability. We’ve used the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium over the course of two full weeks in Romania and Hungary, enough. Day to day activities, like calls, texts, social media, chats, emails, music and video streaming are buttery smooth, and the phone managed to also cope nicely with demanding game titles like Asphalt 8, without any problem (or extreme heat) whatsoever.. Sony’s bundled Video Editor crashed every time we triggered it, rendering it unusable – which is really a pity, since the app enables you to save a frame from a 4K video to a crisp and clear 8MP photograph (according to the official materials, as we couldn’t test it out thanks to the constant app crash).. In areas with good 3G and LTE coverage, the phone delivered as expected, but in areas where other phones barely managed to hold on to a single bar of LTE signal, the Xperia Z5 Premium displayed two bars with consistent internet speeds.. We didn’t run into anything negative worth mentioning in terms of call quality,. on either end of the line.. The built-in 3,430mAh battery did indeed perform as advertised and we managed to get up to two days of battery life with moderate use. Our screen-on times varied from almost four hours to four-and-a-half, which is the best we’ve managed to squeeze out of it. We expected around five hours to be honest, but there is still hope once the Marshmallow update becomes available. You can always enable some power saving features to dramatically extend battery life, of course, at the cost of some features and performance. However, we believe that, even with heavier loads, the Z5 Premium’s battery will last you until the end of the day.. + 4K screen (even if only for bragging rights, at. the moment) + beautiful screen + snappy performance + good battery life +. will turn heads +. excellent build quality and materials +. really expensive – fingerprint scanner isn’t as reliable as competitors’ – camera could be better – low headphone volume – mediocre speaker performance – some bundled apps crash – chrome unit is a fingerprint magnet – no headphones bundled (region dependent). The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium is, at press time, not yet available through US carriers. However, those in North America can grab one from Amazon or eBay for pricing ranging from $700-$800, which isn’t that much if you compare it with the $720 Motorola is asking for its 32GB Droid Turbo 2. If you are in Europe, you can get it from e-tailers like Clove, where it goes for £600 (inc. The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium isn’t for everyone. We wouldn’t recommend getting it for the 4K screen alone, as chances are you will not see a difference between the Z5P and a similar-sized QuadHD phone. If, however, you wanted a larger Xperia, the Z5 Premium won’t disappoint.. If you only want an Xperia smartphone, but don’t care about 4K or the extra size, the Xperia Z5 would be a better (and cheaper) option, not to mention that the Z3+/Z4 offers the same internals, sans the fingerprint scanner.. Those upgrading from an Xperia Z3 or older device should definitely check out the Xperia Z5 and Z5 Premium, but, if you’re currently rocking an Xperia Z3+/Z4, you’re not missing anything if you sit this one out.. Android , Phones , Reviews. Android , Review , Sony , Xperia Z5 Premium. Android , Review , Sony , Xperia Z5 Premium. Anton is the Editor-in-Chief of Pocketnow. As publication leader, he aims to bring Pocketnow even closer to you. His vision is mainly focused on, and oriented towards, the audience. Anton’s ambition, adopted by the entire team, is to transform Pocketnow into a reference media outlet.. Check out our MWC 2018 coverage!. ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power. Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features. Lenovo unveils Yoga 730 with Alexa and Cortana, Flex 14 with Active Pen included. Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video). 56% off this sturdy, transparent iPhone X case. Shock-proof bluetooth speakers with battery life of 30 hours! — 33% off. Pay what you want for this Python learning bundle. Prolong long-term battery life of your smartphone with this Qi wireless charger. No breaks for Huawei or HTC | #PNWeekly 292. Death, lawsuits and the OnePlus X2 | #PNWeekly 291. 5G crisis, 10GB RAM, Huawei P20 potentials | #PNWeekly 290. Why do Sony Xperia phones still exist? “The next paradigm shift.”. Tim Cook: $999 is “value price” for iPhone X because of EIPs and “discounts”. Panay: Surface Pro 5? How about “meaningful change” with your “Surface Pro Next.... Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video). Huawei MediaPad M5 & M5 Pro Hands-On (Video). LG V30S+ ThinQ Hands-On: “Dat name, tho!” (Video). About Us Contact Us Tip Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy. All rights reserved, Hagshama Keebali Investments Two General Partnership. Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news. 
Hands On: Sony Xperia Z5 Premium. Possible poor battery life or lag (though we haven’t experienced it). We knew someone would put a 4K display in a smartphone eventually, but it was still a bit of a surprise when Sony unveiled the new Z5 Premium at IFA. Ever since Apple coined the retina name for its displays there has been some debate about just how sharp a screen really needs to be.. What is the limit of the human eye? Is it pointless to push pixel density beyond a certain point? It’s hard to say for sure, because the clarity of a picture also has a lot to do with the distance you view it from, and with smartphones we all like to get up close and personal.. To put this in some perspective, the majority of flagship smartphones right now have a 1,920 x 1,080 pixel display. The LG G4 went up to 2,560 x 1,440. The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium has a resolution of 3,840 x 2,160, which gives it an absurd pixel per inch (PPI) of 806. The iPhone 6 display is just 326 PPI.. Specs aside, what does it actually look like? It is eye-catchingly perfect, but it’s not immediately obvious that this is a 4K display. It’s only up close that you get an idea of just how sharp this screen is. You can put it as close as you like to your eyeballs and you will not be able to detect a hint of pixelation. Look at it side by side with a 1080p display, however, and the difference is stark: the colors are lush, the detail is impressive, and you get a greater sense of depth.. You can put it as close as you like to your eyeballs and you will not be able to detect a hint of pixel.Premium from top to bottom.. Sony’s industrial design language is a well established fusion of metal and glass. In the flagship Xperia Z line it has gradually softened. The angular edges were rounded off, the glass back became matte, and the bezels have shrunk. The annoying flap for the charging port has also gone, without losing the waterproof IP65/68 rating.. The Premium is the real flagship for Sony and that may be why it is distinguished from the regular Xperia Z5 and Z5 Compact by the mirrored back. You can get the Z5 Premium in black, chrome, or gold and you’ll find that mirror effect back on each one. It’s an expensive look, and it’s classy, but there’s an obvious problem —. If you want your Z5 Premium to keep that alluring look, you’re going to want to carry a microfiber cloth around with you.. In terms of size, that display is 5.5-inches, but it doesn’t feel much bigger than previous Xperia Z releases because more of the face is screen, and the bezels have gotten smaller. It’s also pretty light at 180g, and it’s comfortable to hold and slide into the pocket.. Beyond the 4K screen, there are two features Sony highlighted in the reveal: the fingerprint sensor, which is also the power button on the right edge of the phone, and the 23-megapixel camera, which is supposed to be the fastest camera in a smartphone, capable of focussing and snapping in a fraction of a second.. The fingerprint sensor is absolutely great. It’s a very quick way of unlocking your phone, and it’s something you can do easily, one-handed, which isn’t always the case with Touch ID or Samsung’s Home button.. The camera is a little harder to test on the show floor, but it’s certainly fast, responsive, and seems to take high quality photos. Although the large sensor is rated at 23-megapixels it scales down to 8-megapixels. This means you can zoom in on photos without losing all the detail.. Heat and battery life are obvious areas of concern for the Z5 Premium. A 4K display is going to require serious processing power and juice to keep it running. The phone packs a 64-bit Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor under the hood with 3GB of RAM.. Perhaps a couple of days between charges, even with the 4K display, isn’t an impossible dream.. There were issues with overheating in the early versions of the 810, and it’s something Sony has struggled with in previous Xperia Z phones, especially when it comes to 4K recording. I found the Z5 Premium wasn’t running especially hot when I used it. Recording video definitely turned up the temperature, but it never reached uncomfortable levels.. Sony has put a hefty 3,430mAh battery in the Z5 Premium. When I dipped into the power management page and took a look at battery usage, I could see that the demo model had been running all day yesterday and for a couple of hours this morning without being charged and it had 21 percent left in the tank. Perhaps a couple of days between charges, even with the 4K display, isn’t an impossible dream.. The Xperia Z5 Premium is the most expensive smartphone Sony has ever offered. It’s being listed at £629 in the UK, which is $955 right now. It will no doubt be reduced in price over the next few months. But whichever way you slice it, that’s a lot of money for a phone.. Is it worth paying a premium like that for Sony’s 4K smartphone? If it sounds too expensive then you should probably avoid picking one up, because this is the kind of seductive smartphone that you’ll be reluctant to put down again.. Olympus M.Zuiko 45mm F1.2 Pro review. Intel RealSense Depth Camera D415 & D435 review. 9 premium economy classes that let you stretch your legs and your dollar. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. Divinity: Original Sin 2 Kickstarter hits major stretch goal with plenty more to come. 9 premium economy classes that let you stretch your legs and your dollar. The best password managers for protecting your data online. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for xperia z5 premium. All Listings - Current page. results for xperia z5 premium. Save xperia z5 premium to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow xperia z5 premium to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual E6883 (Factory Unlocked) 23MP, 32GB Android From US. New Sony XPERIA Z5 Premium E6853 32GB, 23MP, 5.5'', Black/Chrome/G old 4G USA. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 / E6883 5.5" 32GB RAM 4G ROM 3GB Octa-core 23MP. Sony Xperia Pouch Case Skin Cover Leather Synthetic Back Premium Accessories. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Leather Case Case Cover Real Leather New Brown. New 32GB Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 23MP 5.5" Smartphone Silver. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 / E6883 4G ROM 32GB RAM 3GB 5.5" Octa-core 23MP. USED - Sony XPERIA Z5 Premium Dual E6883 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" - Pink. Sony Xperia Z5 premium 4K FHD 5.5" 4G Quad Cord 23MP 32GB Chrome AU warranty. Original Sony Xperia Z5 Premium facotry unlocked android amrtphone Octa-core. New GSM Unlocked Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 4G LTE 5.5" Smartphone Gold. 5.5" Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 32GB 23MP 4K Android AT&T UNLOCKED Smartphone. OPEN BOX- Sony XPERIA Z5 Premium E6853 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 23MP, 5.5" - Gold. Back Door Battery Glass Cover Panel For Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 E6833 E6883. Full Protection Ultra-Thin Premium Skin Touch Hard PC Case Cover For Sony Xperia. New GSM Unlocked Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 4G LTE 5.5" Smartphone Silver. Original Unlocked Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 32GB ROM+3GB RAM 3G/4G 23.0MP IPS. Sony Xperia Z5 premium - Worldwide Unlock! New In a Box!! (DuelSingle). New 32GB Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 23MP 5.5" Smartphone Black. BNIB SONY XPERIA Z5 PREMIUM E6853 32GB GOLD SINGLE SIM FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G GSM. New 32GB Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 23MP 5.5" Smartphone Gold. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 / E6883 4G ROM 32GB RAM 3GB Octa-core 23MP 5.5". Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Leather Synthetic Case Case Pouch Case + Foil. Replacement Black LCD Touch Screen+Tool for Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6833 ZVLT333. Original Unlocked Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual E6883 32GB ROM+3GB RAM LTE 23.0MP. New in Sealed Box Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 5.5" 23MPix Unlocked Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $349.99. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 4G ROM 32GB RAM 3GB Octa-core 23MP 5.5"E6853 / E6883. USED - Sony XPERIA Z5 Premium Dual E6883 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" - Gold. OPEN BOX - Sony XPERIA Z5 Premium Dual E6883 BLACK (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5". SONY XPERIA Z5 PREMIUM E6833 BLACK DUAL SIM 32GB FACTORY UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE. USED - Sony XPERIA Z5 Premium Dual E6883 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) - Chrome. 32GB original 5.5inch smartphone Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 GPS WIFI Octa-Core. Docomo Xperia X Z5 Premium SO-03H Black Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. Docomo Xperia X Z5 Premium SO-03H Chrome Sony Unlocked Android SmartPhone F/S. New Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 5.5" 23MPix Unlocked Smartphone in Sealed Box. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 4G ROM 32GB RAM 3GB E6853 / E6883 Octa-core 23MP 5.5". Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 / E6883 4G ROM 32GB RAM 3GB Octa-core 23MP 5.5". Sony Xperia Z5 SmartPhone Leather Pouch Real Case Cover Accessories Black. Travel Power Bank Charger A5 White For Sony Xperia Z5 Dual Premium ZL Cell Phone. USED - Sony XPERIA Z5 Premium Dual E6883 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" Chrome. OPEN BOX - Sony XPERIA Z5 Premium Dual E6883 BLACK (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5". New Sony Xperia Z5 Premium DUAL SIM E6883 5.5" Unlocked Smartphone in Sealed Box. 2 new & refurbished from $349.99. 5.5" Octa-Core Original Phone For Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 GPS WIFI 32GB. 360° Protection Elegant Premium Soft Silicone Matte Case Cover For Sony Xperia. Sony Xperia Z5 Real Leather Case Cover Accessories Burgundy Wine Red. NO-RUSH 14 DAYS SHIPPING ONLY! US LOCATION!. 1-3 Days Priority Available + US LOCATION. 1-3 Days Priority Available + US LOCATION. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Toggle menus Toggle search. Home Mobiles Tablets PCs Laptops Cameras Games Appliances TVs Wearables Printers Software Accessories Networks Storage Video Cameras. Latest deals Coffee machines Broadband PC Performance Sky Soundbox Nintendo Switch Baby products Newsletter. You are here: Home Sony Sony Xperia Z5 Premium. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Xperia Z5 Premium review: A 4K let-down with massive battery drain. facebook twitter google+ email Comments. Page 1 of 2 Sony Xperia Z5 Premium review: A 4K let-down with massive battery drain 1. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium review: A 4K let-down with massive battery drain 2. It's very fast, has a 4K display, but the Xperia Z5 Premium's 4K display consumes a lot of battery. Processor : Octa-core 2.0GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 810, Screen Size : 5.5in, Screen resolution : 3,840x2,160, Rear camera : 23 megapixels, Storage (free) : 32GB (22.5GB), Wireless data : 3G, 4G, Size : 154x76x7.8mm, Weight : 181g, Operating system : Android 5.1.1. 4K Display Battery Life Image quality. Back in September 2015, Sony was the first manufacturer to release a 4K smartphone. One would have thought that Samsung, LG or Motorola would have released it before Sony, as they all moved to a 2,560 x 1,440 resolution. Instead, Sony made the leap from 1080p in the. to a 4K display in the Xperia Z5 Premium.. Despite its name, the Z5 Premium has more in common with the. ill-fated Xperia Z3+ than the rest of the Z5 range. This is partly down to the design, where the company decided to opt for a glossy back, over frosted glass - giving the phone a mirror-like finish. In fact, the chrome model was so reflective that you could easily use it to fix your hair or do your morning make-up on the train.. This mirror-like effect is more subtle on the other colour choices, but. it makes little difference when none are as easy to grip as the standard Z5. This also makes it a complete fingerprint magnet, which distracts you from its 'premium' status.. It should be noted that this review was conducted when the phone was priced at £600, but it can now be found for under £420. Its 4K resolution was also not fully supported in Android nor in apps, but this has been fixed, making it easier to recommend the phone for those lookign to invest in a 4K smartphone.. ^ The Chrome version of the Z5 Premium has a full mirror finish, but the gold and black models aren't quite so reflective. It does, however, use the same flush fingerprint sensor as the rest of the Z5 family. It's a shame Sony had to get rid of its round, machined-finish power button in the process, as the fingerprint sensor doesn't provide nearly as much tactile feedback when you press it down to turn the screen on to unlock the phone, but it is one of the best-placed fingerprint sensors I've seen so far. It's also very quick, taking little more than a second to unlock it once you've pressed the power button.. Of course, the main attraction is that 3,840 x 2,160 resolution display, which across 5.5in gives the Z5 Premium an insanely high pixel density of 806 pixels-per-inch. That's more than twice as sharp as the iPhone 6S Plus and 1.5x as sharp as the LG G4 , both of which have 5.5in, but only resolutions of 1,920 x 1,080 and 2,560 x 1,440 respectively.. When I first reviewed the phone, it was incapable of rendering apps at 4K and instead used a standard 1,920 x 1,080 resolution for everything outside of Sony's Album and Movie apps. Android 5.1.1 not fully supporting 4K.. Thankfully, Android Nougat, which is a free update for Z5 Premium users and fully supports 4K. This means your phone will now render everything in 4K - making a huge difference to the overall look of the display.. It should be noted that you can see the difference between 4K and 1080p, but you do have to hold the phone rather close to your face to appreciate it. Viewing it from a normal viewing distance, and the crisp detail becomes significantly harder to pick out. It's hardly the most compelling reason to shell out £600, but Sony hopes it will at least provide a bit of future-proofing in the device for when app developers (and Android) eventually catch up.. Sony's chief reason for rendering at 1,080p is to help preserve the phone's battery life, as, understandably, rendering at 4K all the time would tear through the 3,430mAh battery in no time at all. It doesn't seem to have done a particularly great job, though, as the Z5 Premium lasted a pitiful 9h 38m in our continuous video playback test. This is the worst result I've seen across the Z5 family, with the Z5 lasting 11h 29m and the Z5 Compact managing an even more impressive 13h 21m. It's also pretty poor compared to other phablets, as other handsets with batteries of this size have all lasted well into double figures.. Display quality doesn't quite measure up to the normal Z5 either. While its 97.6% coverage of the sRGB colour gamut means it still has one of the best IPS displays around, its accuracy levels are just a fraction below the Z5's. When I compared them side-by-side for example, the Z5 Premium had a noticeably cooler overall colour temperature compared to the Z5, which meant that warmer colours didn't look quite as rich or punchy.. The Z5 Premium's screen also isn't as bright as the Z5's, as I only measured a peak brightness level of 455.25cd/m2 compared to the Z5's massive 684.25cd/m2. As a result, whites also weren't nearly as clean and pure on the Z5 Premium as they were on its little brother, which also had a knock-on effect on its overall colour vibrancy. It's not all bad news, though, as the Z5 Premium's contrast ratio of 1,255:1 and black level of 0.36cd/m2 beats both of its smaller siblings, leading to deeper blacks and more detailed images.. Page 1 of 2 Sony Xperia Z5 Premium review: A 4K let-down with massive battery drain 1. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium review: A 4K let-down with massive battery drain 2. It's very fast, has a 4K display, but the Xperia Z5 Premium's 4K display consumes a lot of battery. Best phone battery life 2018: The BEST smartphones ranked. The best phone cameras in 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9: Even MORE expensive than the Galaxy S8. Need a phone upgrade? Find out the best upcoming phones. OnePlus 6 could get facial recognition. Samsung Galaxy Note 9: Launching in August?. Google Pixel 3: Release date, rumours and news. The best Android phones money can buy. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. LG G7: Is LG's next flagship really delayed?. Find out the best budget smartphones you can buy. Huawei P Smart: An 18:9 budget phone. Lenovo P2 review: The best smartphone battery life, period. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Honor 9 Lite review: An 18:9 budget marvel. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Size doesn’t matter. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. Sony Xperia XZ2: Sony’s latest flagship launched at MWC. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus: A dual-camera delight. Samsung Galaxy S9: Ultra low-light photography. Best Wi-Fi extenders: Better coverage, faster downloads. IT Pro Alphr Know Your Mobile Channel Pro Cloud Pro. About us Company website Contact us Privacy notice Affiliate policy Manage my mags. © Dennis, a trading name of Dennis Publishing Ltd, registered in England & Wales no. Registered address: 31-32 Alfred Place, London, WC1E 7DP. Dennis is run for the benefit of the Heart of England Forest , a registered charity dedicated to planting tomorrow’s great native woodland one tree at a time.. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. The truth behind the 4K display on Sony’s Xperia Z5 Premium. What is the 4K screen good for?. A look in the back room. Why are my screenshots only 1080p?. 4K on trial: Is it better than 1080p and quad-HD on a phone?. The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium is the first 4K phone we’ve used. In pure resolution terms it’s like four iPhone 6S Plus displays stacked up against each other.. the pedants out there, it’s a 3840 x 2160 pixel display whose. recognised standard is actually called UHD, rather than 4K. high definition’, if you’re wondering what the U stands for.. question is: what is the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium’s ultra-high resolution. display good for? And is it worth valuing over the 3D Touch of the. iPhone 6S Plus or the curve of the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ ?. than that now-common QHD displays are already incredibly sharp, the. contentious part of the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium’s screen is what it. doesn’t display at 4K all the time. Most of the time it’s actually. To get proper 4K resolution you need to watch 4K video or. look at high-resolution photos using the preinstalled Photos and Video. I tried some sample 4K footage really designed to flaunt 4K TVs. with the Sony video app and, sure enough, it looks incredibly detailed.. also looked sharper than the same video played through MX Player, a. great free Android video player, which plays the footage back at 1080p.. Is it something you’d appreciate while watching the clip normally? A. Related: Sony Xperia Z5 camera features explored. with 4K TVs, really well-recorded 4K footage played back on a screen. with high-enough contrast can make 2D content look almost 3D. bit more of that ‘3D’ sense at 4K than 1080p, although I can’t say. whether a QHD (the resolution of the Galaxy S6 Edge+ and LG G4) video. might have exactly the same effect. The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium never. I’m also giving the Sony Xperia. Z5 Premium the best chance possible by using 4K test footage. stuff invariably features either intense macro-style nature shots or, in. this case, wide depth of field shots of cities, making the most of. every tiny window in every building.. emphasise detail much less, and use much narrower depth of field a lot. Especially if you’re not watching a Transformers-grade CGI. Also, the difference in sharpness was only clear on close. And it did seem more like ‘bonus sharpness’ than ‘bonus. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. How close do you need to be to appreciate it?. actually tried this out, sitting at home where I normally watch films. to see how close I’d have to get the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium so that its. field of view was the same as my TV. close, and far closer than I ever hold the phone when watching. We have to hand it to Sony, though: it’s the only. phone that can actually make full use of 4K quality video right now. have to take a step back and assess what benefits it loses out on. first real shame is that there are no VR applications for the expanded. This is the one area where the bonus pixels would come in really handy. As of late 2015 in the pre- Oculus Rift , pre HTC Rift. age, every take on VR looks quite pixellated. VR and the endless Google Cardboard headsets all use your phone’s. display, and are therefore limited to, max, 2560 x 1440 pixels. You may not be able to tell the. difference between QHD and UHD on a 5.5-inch screen at 30cm, but you. sure as heck will when the screen is blasted up to fill 90 per cent of. Related: What is 4K and UHD?. specific areas mentioned earlier: the Sony video and photo apps are the. only places where 4K is used. Everything else is rendered at 1080p “or. less”, according to a Sony rep I talked to. The “or less” part may get. you worrying, but it seems like pretty much everything that happens. while you’re actively using the phone is 1080p. this means is most of the places where you might initially head for 4K. Netflix does not stream at 4K. YouTube, even though it has absolutely loads of full-on 4K content you. can load on your probably-totally-not-4K laptop.. can’t really blame Sony for this. None of these services are geared to. deliver 4K content to mobile devices, and probably won’t be for an. A reliable 4K steam over mobile internet?. Even when/if Netflix uses it for phones, in. most areas the reliability/speed of your mobile internet would probably. see Netflix’s clever adaptive video quality system slip back to a. 1080p once more, and current games just wouldn’t have the right assets. to render at 4K even if Android or the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium allowed. own developer blog tells you a lot about how most Android games/apps. Even though Android Marshmallow, the version that comes after the. Android 5 Lollipop used by the Premium right now, does support 4K screens, the. highest pixel density the ecosystem is really designed to cater for is around 640ppi.. is what Google calls an “extra-extra-extra-high-density” device, but. it’s still way off the 806ppi the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium delivers. “we’re gonna need a bigger boat” time.. ecosystem is prepared to deal with a 5.5-inch 4K screen. So even if there were no issues with system-level support or. battery life, the interface of Android, apps and games would suffer from. Buttons would likely look tiny, with other. visual elements really designed to be seen on a bigger display.. is why Sony shoehorns 4K in with its minimal third-party. It was really the only way for Sony to proceed without. Sony claims battery life was the. issue, but there are loads of other important issues to consider too.. there is another side to Sony 4K. It has to, otherwise when the Sony Xperia. Z5 Premium shows the Android OS at 1080p, it’d only take up a quarter of. The most basic kind of upscaling would involve. taking 1080p content and displaying four pixels for every one. mentioned at the beginning of this article, the Premium is the. In order to make the claim of. turning things like Netflix into “near-4K” quality, what it needs to do. is to extrapolate the extra detail a 4K source might have by ‘making up’. the extra three pixels (per pixel) of information based on the. surrounding pixels we do have concrete information for when using a. So does it make Netflix 1080p look like 4K? No. more than the display sharpening on LG’s flagship phones does, to my. Once again, it’s very easy to overstate what Sony’s doing here.. After all, the QHD Samsung Galaxy S6 phones and the LG G4 up scale 1080p. That’s a rhetorical question, by the way.. also found that the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium’s home screens look a tiny. bit soft compared with a QHD phone. This suggests that, here at least,. the upscaling may work by simply filling up spare pixels with in-between. colour shades rather than using them to increase the sharpness of. outlines and fine details with a more detail-oriented upscaling. try to have a closer look at what the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium is really. doing, to get a direct feed of screenshot renders 4K compared to 1080p.. However, Sony has a get out of jail free card.. Lollipop can only actually output screenshots at 1080p. whether a system-level screenshot would show what the phone’s screen. I’ve had to rely on my eyes here, and I. find the impression of sharpness throughout the system is actually a. bit less than some QHD phones. The uses for it are pretty limited. giant store of 4K movies you want to play on a phone? You also need to. consider you’re limited to the codec support of the Sony Videos app,. which may not cover all the picks in your collection.. probably see several more 4K phones over the next year or so. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium doesn’t make the best case for them. limited and it doesn’t explore the most obvious use for an intensely. Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. 
All posts Category This board All users. Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.. Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.. Float this Topic for Current User. Will AT&T be carrying the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium? I really hope they do because they need to bring a broader selection of phones for the customers.. Message 1 of 6. But you can buy the phone from sony.. *The views and opinions expressed on this forum are purely my own. Any product claim, statistic, quote, or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider, or party.. Message 2 of 6. Which model for the Z5 premium will be able to utilize all of the ATT LTE and LTE plus bands ?. Message 3 of 6. according to the sony white paper the 6853 supports band 2,4,5,17 which as of right now are ATT's operating bands. band 29,30 have not been activated and are listed as future deployment,. the 6853 does not have 29,30.. *The views and opinions expressed on this forum are purely my own. Any product claim, statistic, quote, or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider, or party.. Message 4 of 6. 29 and 30 the LTE and/or LTE plus. it would be such a tremendous shame if that is the case.. Message 5 of 6. No such thing as lte plus. *The views and opinions expressed on this forum are purely my own. Any product claim, statistic, quote, or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider, or party.. Message 6 of 6. Other Phones & Devices Apple Android BlackBerry Windows® Phone Wearables 3G MicroCell™ Phone & Device Upgrades Samsung Discussion & Support Show All.... You must be signed in to add attachments. You must type a description before you click preview or reply.. We noticed you may have typed personal information in the post. Please edit or confirm OK below, then re-submit.. Check to confirm there is no personal information in the post.. Welcome To The Community! Find Your Answers Here!. You can now stream DIRECTV NOW with AT&T PREPAID℠ without impacting your data!. Learn how AT&T can travel with you!. 
The next video is starting stop. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium - Bend Test, Scratch Test, Burn Test - Durability. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Durability testing ALL the major SmartPhones. The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium is next in line. The screen holds up like the majority of the other phones on the market. The Flame test revealed that the screen does not hold up well to heat. Smart Phone Repair Tool Kit: http://amzn.to/1Y0U7iR The bend test... showed that the phone can bend and break... but not catastrophically like the Nexus 6p or the HTC M9. Thank you for watching! If you enjoyed... Thank you! Cell Phone Replacement Parts: https://goo.gl/8e9zgI The camera I used to film this video: http://amzn.to/1IjlaCD The Lens I used for this video: http://amzn.to/1QOXDw2 And this Metabones adapter: http://amzn.to/1R7Ltic *Follow me for updates!* Instagram: http://instagram.com/zacksjerryrig Facebook: http://on.fb.me/1U4bQqv Twitter: https://twitter.com/ZacksJerryRig GooglePlus: https://bit.ly/1YyKice JerryRigEverything assumes no liability for property damage or injury incurred as a result of any of the information contained in this video. JerryRigEverything recommends safe practices when working with power tools, automotive lifts, lifting tools, jack stands, electrical equipment, blunt instruments, chemicals, lubricants, expensive electronics, or any other tools or equipment seen or implied in this video. Due to factors beyond the control of JerryRigEverything, no information contained in this video shall create any express or implied warranty or guarantee of any particular result. Any injury, damage or loss that may result from improper use of these tools, equipment, or the information contained in this video is the sole responsibility of the user and not JerryRigEverything. Only attempt your own repairs if you can accept personal responsibility for the results, whether they are good or bad.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Sony Xperia XZ Durability Test - BEND test - Scratch Test - Burn Tested. Galaxy S8 Durability Test - Scratch, Burn, and BEND tested. The Nexus 6p is a Joke! Bend Test - Scratch Test - Burn Test. iPhone 7 Scratch test - BEND TEST - Durability video!. Top 10 BEST Camera Smartphones 2018. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium vs Xperia Z5. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Chrome Review After 3 Months Hand On Color Review. SONY XPERIA Z6 - Leaks & Rumors. Xiaomi Mi5 Bend Test - Scratch test - Burn test - Durability test. What's the Deepest Hole We Can Possibly Dig?. Worlds THINNEST Smartphone BEND TEST - Moto Z. Nextbit Robin Bend Test FAIL - Durability test. iPhone X Durability Test - Scratch BURN and Bend TESTED!. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium VS IPhone 6S Plus - Speed & Camera Test!. NEW iPhone SE - Bend Test - Scratch Test - Burn Test. Google Pixel - Scratch test, BEND test, Burn test - Durability video. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge vs Sony Xperia Z5 Premium - Speed Test (4K). 7 Mystery Riddles Only the Smartest 5% Can Solve. Galaxy S7 Active Scratch test, Bend test, Burn test - Durability video. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
NotebookReview TabletPCReview Brighthand DigitalCameraReview DesktopReview PrinterComparison TechnologyGuide. Best Cheap Laptops and Tablets of 2015. Home > Topics > Smartphone > Android > Smartphone Reviews > Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Review: 4K Overkill?. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Review: 4K Overkill?. Rating 1 to 10, top score 10. Great design and finish Above average battery life Outstanding chipset Good camera 4k display impressive in some instances. 4k display limited to multimedia It’s a fingerprint magnet Some display colors off by default Expensive. The Sony Z5 Premium is basically a Sony Z5 with a largely unnecessary 4k display. Since the Z5 is cheaper, we say go with that unless you're a developer or absolutely need to have the best of the best.. The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium sports similar specs as the other phones in the Z5 line, but it has one that sets it apart. from every other smartphone on the market: a 4K display.. The three Z5s are virtually identical otherwise. Z5 , and Z5 Compact. are based on Qualcomm’s octacore Snapdragon 810 processor and ship with. The Premium has a larger battery and a high-range finish, however, which shows Sony’s emphasis on making this a super-premium smartphone.. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium has a 4k display.. Yes, the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium is a 4K smartphone with a display that features UHD (ultra-high definition) resolution, which consists of 2160 x 3840 pixels. This means it has approximately 8.3 million pixels, which is 4x as many found on a Full HD screen (1080 x 1920), and twice as much as QHD (quad high definition), formerly the highest smartphone display resolution. All of this results in a staggering density of 806 pixels per inch.. Now for the 4K caveat: When users look at their phones from approximately the same distance as they would flip through magazines or read a book, it’s nearly impossible to spot the difference between 4K and QHD in terms of image quality. Even compared to Full HD, the difference is only evident when it comes to native 4K content (media created in 4K, not something shot at a lower resolutions and “upscaled” after the fact), and even then it boils down to cleaner image textures, and not visible details.. This is expected, given that many imaging experts believe average human eye cannot perceive density greater than 350 ppi from an average viewing distance.. So 4K is overkill, right? Not quite. VR technology can certainly benefit from it. Looking at the Gear VR , a. Samsung smartphone sits just inches from the eyes, and individual pixels are visible. A 4K resolution would go a long way to improving the experience of VR headsets. Sony will likely reveal its own commercial VR products at CES 2016, and releasing 4K on smartphones prior to this event is a logical and necessary move, even if its targeted primarily at app developers.. The Z5 Premium’s user interface and most of the applications are rendered in Full HD resolution and then upscaled to 4K on the display. While there were initial concerns about how this would affect the imaging, it is clear that the upscaling works well.. The Z5 Premium has the same exceptional IPS display as the other Z5 phones. That means great contrast with rather dark black tones and very bright whites, which is also exceptionally sustainable and features a wide viewing angle. The phone cuts through direct sunlight with ease, especially on the maximum brightness. Sony has a few tiny issues with color interpretation, but Sony offer manual color calibration for those looking to tweak things.. The average user will surely be pleased with the Xperia Z5 Premium’s display, but will only enjoy “true 4K” resolution with videos and photographs, either native or upscaled. Unfortunately, the Premium’s web browser does not support this resolution.. The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium has a great build, but it’s a fingerprint magnet.. Apart from the screen resolution, Sony tried to justify the ‘Premium’ name with an exceptional finish. The device comes in gold, black, or chrome. All three have a metallic effect on the back, but glass covers the whole rear surface, making it seem like a mirror, especially on the chrome version.. It looks great, and is definitely expensive, but the build materials have an adverse effect. It is impossible to hold the Xperia Z5 Premium and not cover it in fingerprints.. The handset has Sony’s recognizable squared design, with slightly rounded corners. The edges are metal, except the corners, which are made of a metallic-colored plastic to protect against drops. The body comes with the IP68 certificate, meaning the phone is waterproof up to 1.5 meters for 30 minutes, as well as dustproof.. The front includes the logo and selfie-camera above the screen bezel, with the capacitive keys relegated to the display. Speaker perforations are well hidden along the upper and lower edge of the phone’s front surface. The back includes the 23-megapixel camera lens with a LED flash, as well as Sony, Xperia and NFC logos.. The left side holds the microSD and nano-SIM card slots, covered with a protective flap, while the right side includes the power key with the fingerprint reader, the volume rocker and a special 2-step camera key. The lower side has a phone neck lanyard, as well as the microUSB slot, covered with a waterproof layer.. The upper side has the audio jack, which is protected in the same fashion, as well as a secondary microphone. Weighing 180 grams (6.35 ounces), this is one of the heaviest 5.5-inch phones, but its dimensions (6.08 x 2.98 x 0.31 in.) are average for a 5.5-inch device.. All content posted on TechnologyGuide is granted to TechnologyGuide with electronic publishing rights in perpetuity, as all content posted on this site becomes a part of the community.. TabletPCReview Brighthand DigitalCameraReview DesktopReview PrinterComparison TechnologyGuide. Copyright 2000 - 2018, TechTarget | Read our Privacy Statement. TechTarget publishes more than 100 focused websites providing quick access to a deep store of news, advice and analysis about the products, technologies and processes. crucial to the jobs of IT pros.. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. The world's first ever 4K phone is here. The sensor on the Xperia Z5 Premium is even larger at 23MP It's not the best on the market though If you want a better camera, opt for the Xperia XZ. Sony has put a lot of effort into refining its camera experience for the Xperia Z5 series. It has offered one of the best shooters on the market for quite some time, and it's now been upped from a 20.7MP sensor in the Xperia Z3 series to a 23MP unit in the Z5s.. And it's pretty impressive – it's not going to satisfy the DSLR lovers among us, but as a standard point-and-shoot affair with a few extra modes to make pictures look great, there's not much wrong with it.. The pixel quality is incredible, and there's no better way to admire your shots than on the Xperia Z5 Premium's 4K display.. When you launch the camera in auto mode the Xperia Z5 Premium will limit you to 8MP photos by default to save on space, but it's easy enough to switch to manual and up the quality to the full 23MP, or something in between.. I've been zooming in on a lot of the photos I've taken in 23MP mode, and been very impressed.. There's a new 5X zoom feature on the Xperia Z5 Premium's camera, but I wasn't particularly impressed with it. I kept finding myself struggling to focus in on particular subjects, and not getting a particularly impressive image.. On the other hand the brand new autofocus system on the Xperia Z5 Premium's camera is quite impressive, and comes in useful when you're taking photos in quick succession.. It doesn't work so well for taking photos of moving objects, however – I've tried with cars, trains, animals and and I'm still not getting good results. Check out this shot of a passing cyclist…. In the left of the shot you'll notice a blur - that was a guy on his bike riding by. I still have some issues with Sony cameras – I find that the images I take tend to come out looking a little duller than shots taken on other Android phones. There's not enough color in the images, and it makes everything look a little dreary.. This is a shame, as otherwise it's a pretty good camera – but I really don't believe this is "the world's best smartphone camera", as Sony claims, and if you're a true pixel perfectionist then this probably isn't the phone for you.. Android Marshmallow does upgrade the camera UI and means it's easier to switch between video and the normal shooting mode. Plus there's also a new brightness toggle that makes it easier to fiddle with the lighting in your shots.. As for video, there's Full HD recording as well as 4K – and now you can actually watch the 4K video you've recorded in the quality in which it's meant to be viewed, courtesy of the 4K display.. The ability to record in 4K has felt a little superfluous ever since it started appearing on phones, but now that you can play it back in all its glory it's quite exciting. Be warned though: it's going to take up a lot of space on your phone.. On the front of the Xperia Z5 Premium is the 5.1MP selfie shooter. It's fine for quick snaps but it's nothing stunning – the OnePlus X, by comparison, boasts a 8MP front-facing unit, which goes to show what's now possible with a secondary camera.. Overall, you're unlikely to be disappointed with the Xperia Z5 Premium's camera. It can produce incredibly detailed images, but there are a few little problems that make me feel it's not the best it can be – and not as good as Sony's marketing claims.. Prev Page Specs and performance. Next Page Camera samples. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Sign up for our weekly newsletter!. News Reviews Articles Buying Guide Sample Images Videos Cameras Lenses Phones Printers Forums Galleries Challenges. Help DPReview: Take our visitor survey!. Brand index Sony Sony Mobile Phones. 5.5 ″ screen | 23 megapixels (rear) | 5 megapixels (front). Home Specs Review Q&As (0) Buy. Add this product to your shortlist for comparison. Discuss in the Android Talk forum. Sony's brand new top-end smartphone, the Xperia Z5 Premium, shares the majority of its specification with the Xperia Z5 and Xperia Z5 Compact but the Z5 Premium comes with one standout-feature: it's the first production smartphone to offer a 4K screen resolution. In combination with a 5.5-inch diagonal it offers an exorbitant pixel density of 806 ppi which, according to Sony, is great for watching 4K video content and viewing images.. In most other areas, including the camera, the Z5 Premium is more or less identical to the other new models. A 23MP 1/2.3-inch Exmor RS BSI CMOS sensor is combined with a F2.0 lens and dual-LED flash. A new hybrid AF system uses both contrast and phase detect methods and, according to Sony, can focus an image in only 0.03 seconds, which would make it the fastest AF system on any current smartphone camera. Improved sensor technology also leads to better low light performance and new camera app features include Touch Focus that lets you focus and capture an image at the same time by tapping the screen.. A Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 system chip, 3GB of RAM and 32GB of on-board storage are wrapped in a premium quality metal and glass body that, as in previous Xperia Z models, is water and dust proof. Storage is expandable by up to 200GB via microSD card and the fingerprint reader on the edge increases security and allows for mobile payments. Mobile photographers will especially appreciate the dedicated two-stage shutter button.. DxOMark Mobile report: Sony Xperia Z5. Sony Xperia Z5's 4K display shows most content at 1080p. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium features first 4K screen on a production smartphone. 180 g (6.35 oz ). 154 x 76 x 8 mm (6.08 x 2.98 x 0.31 ″ ). Sony Xperia Z5 Premium results on Amazon.com. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 Factory Unlocked Phone, 5.5-Inch 4K UHD Display, Gold International Version $404.99 Shop now Sony Xperia Z5 E6683 32GB White, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty $284.61 Shop now Sony Xperia XZ Premium G8142 64GB Deepsea Black, Dual Sim, 5.5", GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty $530.00 Shop now Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual E6883 5.5" 23MP 32GB Smartphone - International Version / No Warranty (Gold) $409.99 Shop now JORA Genuine Original Sony Internal Battery LIS1605ERPC 3430mAh 13.1Wh For Sony Xperia Z5 Premium, Xperia Z5 Premium Dual E6883 with Tool Kit plus FREE 3pcs Screwdriver Included - Non-Retail Packaging $24.26 Shop now. Lost For Words! by wam7 from Humerous Animals Jimmy by bofo777 from Portrait of the groom. Olympus OM-D E-M10 III 2.9% Panasonic Lumix DC-GX9 2.8% Sony Alpha a6300 2.7% Canon EOS M6 2.6% Panasonic Lumix DC-GX850 (Lumix DC-GX800 / Lumix DC-GF9) 2.5% Pentax K-3 II 2.5% Panasonic Lumix DMC-GX85 (Lumix DMC-GX80 / Lumix DMC-GX7 Mark II) 2.4% Fujifilm X-T20 2.4% Canon EOS Rebel SL2 (EOS 200D / Kiss X9) 2.3% Nikon D5600 2.3%. Beginner's Guides Getting Started In-depth testing Latest Camera Reviews Beyond the studio tests Feature Articles and Videos see how we see Sample Galleries real world performance Field Test Videos Throwback Thursday Classic Cameras from Days Past What's that Noise? Shedding some light on the sources of noise. 138 Is printing dying? - Are prints obsolete? 107 *** This Week Through Your M4/3 2018.02.24 *** 102 X-H1 - "Theoria Apophasis" aka "Angry Photographer" was wrong about FUJI And IBIS and Touchscreen. 79 Won’t M50 doom current M5? 64 One camera, one lens 63 Do we really need IBIS / OIS... 63 Why I really respect Ken Wheeler aka Theoria Apophasis the Angry Photographer 62 What is your 2nd camera when travelling.. ?? 41 DSLR vs iPhone? 41 Sensor Dust 40 Hello Nikon, my old friend.... 37 PL 15mm actual FL? 36 Desktop Icons??? 36 Panasonic leica 15 f1.7 or lumix 14 f2.5, 20 f1.7 36 ♣ ♣ Bootstrap's Sunday 'Scapes ♣ ♣ 25 February 2018 35 New Sigma 105mm f/1.4 ART lens for FE mount! 34 On chip Phase Detect on the next EM-5 III? 33 ***02/25/18 to 03/04/18*** Weekly Show, Tell, and Critique 32 * Weekly X Series Photo Thread 25 FEB - 03 MAR ** 30 Does this seem like a reasonable move or will I regret it?. All content, design, and layout are Copyright © 1998 - 2018 Digital Photography Review All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or part in any form or medium without specific written permission is prohibited.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Phones & Accessories Best Sellers Accessories Pay As You Go Phones SIM-Free Phones Mobile Broadband Wearable Technology Telephones & VOIP Amazon App Store. 1-24 of over 50,000 results for Electronics & Photo : Phones :. Xperia Z5 Premium Screen Protector, PThink® Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 5.5 inch (Not for Z5) with 9H Hardness/Anti-scratch/Fingerprint resistant (Sony Xperia Z5 Premium). Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 5.5 inch SIM-Free Smartphone - Black (UK Version). [Front+Back] Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Glass Screen Protector, G-Color 0.2mm 2.5D Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Sony Z5 Premium / Z5+ / Z 5 PREMIUM with Lifetime Warranty. Only 10 left in stock - order soon.. Sony Xperia Z5 SIM-Free Smartphone (UK Version) - Graphite Black. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Case, Terrapin [Extra Slim Fit] Hybrid Rubberised [Black] Protective Hard Case for Sony Xperia Z5 Premium - Black. Only 13 left in stock - order soon.. Xperia Z5 Premium Case, Ringke FUSION [Smoke Black] Shock Absorption TPU Bumper Drop Protection [FREE Screen Protector] Clear Hard Case for Sony Xperia Z5 Premium (Not for Z5 & Z5 Compact). Eligible for FREE UK Delivery and 2 more promotions. Promotion Available Promotion Available See Details. [2-Pack] Xperia Z5 Premium Screen Protector, Jasinber [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector for Sony Xperia Z5 Premium with 9H Hardness/Anti-Scratch/Anti-Fingerprint. Xperia Z5 Screen Protector, PThink® Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Sony Xperia Z5 5.2-Inch (Not for Z5 Premium) with 9H Hardness/Anti-scratch/Fingerprint resistant (Sony Xperia Z5). Official Sony Mains Wall Charger UCH20 High Power Fast Charge 1.5A with Micro USB Data Sync Charge Cable Lead for Sony Xperia Z5 Xperia Z5 Premium Z5 Compact - New (Bulk). Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Cover, Terrapin [SLIM FIT] Xperia Z5 Premium Case [Clear] Premium Protective TPU Gel Case for Sony Xperia Z5 Premium - Full Clear. Xperia Z5 Premium Case, Ringke FUSION [Crystal View] Shock Absorption TPU Bumper Drop Protection [FREE Screen Protector] Clear Hard Case for Sony Xperia Z5 Premium (Not for Z5 & Z5 Compact). Eligible for FREE UK Delivery and 4 more promotions. Promotion Available Promotion Available Promotion Available Promotion Available See Details. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Case, Terrapin [Stand Feature] [Ultra Low Profile] Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Case Wallet [Black] Premium Wallet Case with STAND Flip Cover for Sony Xperia Z5 Premium - Black. Genuine Black EC803 Sony Xperia Micro USB Data Cable For Xperia X XA X Performance Z5 M4 M5 Z4 Z3 Z2 Compact Premium & Other Sony Xperia Micro USB Ports (No Retail Packaging). Charging Cable USB Data Cable For Xperia Z5. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Screen Protector(Not For Z5)，2 Pack Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector 0.3MM 9H + 1 Pack Carbon Fiber Protector For Back by Didisky. Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. TECHGEAR® Sony Xperia Z5 Premium GLASS Edition Genuine Tempered Glass Screen Protector Guard Cover (Models: E6853, E6883). Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Case, GAPlus® Premium Quality Heavy Duty Shock Proof Armour Dual Protection Defender Hybride Hard Back Case Cover For Sony Xperia Z5 Compact ( Xperia Z5 Mini ) + Free Screen Protector With Microfibre Polishing Cloth ( Black ). Only 8 left in stock - order soon.. Xperia Z5 Premium Screen Protector, G-Shield Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector [9H Hardness] [Crystal Clear] [Anti-Scratch] [Easy Bubble-Free Installation] For Sony Xperia Z5 Premium. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Eligible for FREE UK Delivery and 1 more promotion. 5% off purchase of 2 items See Details. Xperia Z5 Case, Ringke FUSION [CRYSTAL VIEW] Shock Absorption TPU Bumper Drop Protection [FREE Screen Protector] Premium Crystal Clear Hard Back [Anti-Static][Scratch Resistant] for Sony Xperia Z5. Only 10 left in stock - order soon.. Eligible for FREE UK Delivery and 2 more promotions. Promotion Available Promotion Available See Details. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Case, Terrapin [GENUINE LEATHER] Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Case Executive [Black] Premium Wallet Case with Card Slots & Bill Compartment Case for Sony Xperia Z5 Premium - Black. Only 15 left in stock - order soon.. Roxfit Ultra Slim Book Case (Silver with Clear Back) for Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Smartphone. Xperia Z5 Compact Screen Protector, PThink® Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Sony Xperia Z5 Compact (Not for Z5) with 9H Hardness/Anti-scratch/Fingerprint resistant (Sony Xperia Z5 Compact). Sony Xperia Z5 Case, AICEK Full Body 360 Degree Transparent Silicone Cover for Sony Xperia Z5 Bumper Covers Clear Case (5.2 inch). [3-Pack] Xperia Z5 Premium Screen Protector, PThink® [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector for Sony Xperia Z5 Premium with 9H Hardness/Anti-scratch/Fingerprint resistant. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
All posts Category This board All users. Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.. Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.. Sony Xperia Z5 & Z5 Premium coming. Float this Topic for Current User. Sony Xperia Z5 & Z5 Premium coming. Sony Xperia Z5 & Z5 Premium coming. I just wanted to put it out there if anybody knew if the Sony Xperia Z5 & Z5 Premium are coming to AT&T.. They look like awesome phones, but AT&T have historically not gotten Sony phones. Message 1 of 5. Re: Sony Xperia Z5 & Z5 Premium coming. Hi there! @ Peterke057 thanks for posting your question.. At this time we have no plans to carry the Z5 or Z5 Premium, but please feel free to visit us at. https://www.att.com/shop/wireless/devices/cellphones.html for all our new cellphones and accessories.. AT&T Customer Care Need help with an account specific question?. Post a new question here on the forums by clicking the "Ask a Question" button. For additional support, please visit us at our AT&T services hub. Follow us on: Twitter @ATTCares and @DIRECTVService. *I am an AT&T employee and the postings on this site are my own and don't necessarily represent AT&T's position, strategies or opinions.. Message 2 of 5. Re: Sony Xperia Z5 & Z5 Premium coming. Has anything changed on AT&T carrying the Sony Xperia Z5 &/or Z5 premium?. I am up for an upgrade and asked Mobility customer service in early October specifically about the Z5 premium and was told AT&T would be carrying it but didn't know date. I further questioned to confirm since AT&T doesn't typically carry Sony phones and was told would be carrying "expanding offerings". With the Z5 premium officially being released last week (11/5) wondering if AT&T will be carrying it, if so when and how much?. Will there be a special 2yr contract price?. Message 3 of 5. Re: Sony Xperia Z5 & Z5 Premium coming. Any update/chang on the Sony Xperia Z5 premium coming to AT&T? It's a pity (embarrassment - ;-)) that you don't care the best smartphone.. Message 4 of 5. Re: Sony Xperia Z5 & Z5 Premium coming. but there is no where in the US to get the phone. *The views and opinions expressed on this forum are purely my own. Any product claim, statistic, quote, or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider, or party.. Message 5 of 5. Android Apple BlackBerry Windows® Phone Other Phones & Devices Wearables 3G MicroCell™ Phone & Device Upgrades Samsung Discussion & Support Show All.... You must be signed in to add attachments. You must type a description before you click preview or reply.. We noticed you may have typed personal information in the post. Please edit or confirm OK below, then re-submit.. Check to confirm there is no personal information in the post.. Welcome To The Community! Find Your Answers Here!. You can now stream DIRECTV NOW with AT&T PREPAID℠ without impacting your data!. Learn how AT&T can travel with you!. 
The biggest announcement out of Sony's IFA 2015 press conference today was undoubtedly the Xperia Z5 Premium , the new large form factor handset boasting an insane 4K display resolution. If you're wondering what else is lurking inside the Z5 Premium's e've got full specs for the Z5 Premium after the break.. Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 octa-core 64 bit processor. Nano SIM Dual SIM variant available in select markets. 23MP camera with Exmor RS™ for mobile image sensor, with fast autofocus 4K video capture and output 24 mm wide-angle G Lens 5x clear image, without loss of quality HDR for photos and videos ISO12800 Photo / 4000 Video SteadyShot with Intelligent Active Mode Superior Auto. 5MP with Exmor R™ for mobile image sensor Full HD 1080p for video chat 25 mm wide-angle lens SteadyShot with Intelligent Active Mode Superior Auto. DNC, HRA, DSEE-HX, LDAC Automatic headset compensation S-Force Front surround Stereo speakers ClearAudio+. 5.5" 4K (3840x2160 pixels), IPS display. Chemical tempered glass + Anti-fingerprint coating. TRILUMINOS™ display for mobile, with Sparkling Contrast and Live Colour Creation X-Reality™ for Mobile. IP65 / IP68 dust-tight & waterproof Capless USB. microSD™ card, up to 200GB (SDXC supported). LTE (4G), LTE Cat6, GSM GPRS/EDGE (2G), UMTS HSPA+ (3G). 3430 mAh (up to 2 day battery life) and Battery STAMINA mode. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
​Sony Xperia Z5 Premium review: Is the world ready.... ​Sony Xperia Z5 Premium review: Is the world ready for a 4K phone?. Almost everything about this phone is perfect. 397 Users want this. 4.50 / 5. First smartphone in the world with a 4K screen. Watching the 4K movie TimeScapes on the Xperia Z5 Premium. Placed discretely on either side of the Z5 Premium are front-firing stereo speakers. Taken with the primary camera of the Xperia Z5 Premium at 20MP. Taken with the primary camera of the Xperia Z5 Premium at 20MP. Read more: Tablet war waged for 12 November by Apple and Microsoft in Australia. Introduced to the range is a finger scanner. Using it feels natural because its location — under the power button on the smartphone’s side — is an extension of how it would be held. A single press is all it takes to wake it from standby and unlock the phone.. has appeared in our Top. Rated Android Phones in 2016 list, Best budget smartphones 2016 list and Which phones have the best cameras? list.. A single hand holds 8.3 million pixels. This is what makes the Xperia Z5 Premium, the recent flagship from Sony, one of a kind.. Understanding the feat requires a quick study of the television market. Full HD televisions have 2.07 million pixels with screens as large as 55-inches. Sony’s smartphone has four times as many and its screen measures 5.5-inches.. Crammed into every inch is 801 pixels — almost twice as many as Apple’s iPhone 6s Plus. Packing more pixels closer together paves the way for photos, videos and games that are clearer. Hold the Z5 Premium close and you cannot see the individual blocks that make up an image.. Sony is the first company in the world to take the emerging 4K television technology and plant it into a smartphone. Debate surrounds the validity of 4K technology; how will ordinary content look on the pixel-rich screen and what will happen to the phone’s battery life?. Many of the display technologies found in the Z5 Premium hail from Sony’s television department. The lineage between this smartphone and the company’s $12,000 flagship television are undeniable. Both have deep black displays, Sony’s proprietary suite of imaging technologies and upscaling engines.. The problem with 4K televisions has to do with the lack of content supporting the standard. Most manufacturers try to improve the quality of the content available by using upscaling engines, but like rubber bands that have been stretched too far, the resulting image often looks as though it is tearing on a large enough screen.. None of this happens on the Xperia Z5 Premium. The size of its 5.5-inch screen is too small for any artifacts to be visible once the upscaling engine has done its work. Ordinary high definition movies and games appear organic, as though they were 4K by design, and then there’s the time you load the Z5 Premium’s microSD card with a 4K movie.. Read more Apple reseller Next Byte shuts down. TimeScapes is a 9.7GB movie recorded in the same 3840x2160 resolution as the smartphone's display. Watching it on the smartphone brings about a sense of appreciation for what Sony has accomplished. It’s as though you’re staring at a high quality photo, only better, because a backlight imbues it with a gentle glow.. All that is left is the matter of battery life. Screens demand the most from a smartphone’s battery, and increasing the resolution makes them more energy intensive. Sony’s response to this quandary involves increasing the battery’s capacity and refining the smartphone’s economy.. Integrated into the Z5 Premium is a large 3430 milliamp-hour battery. During our seven days of testing, with the energy saving mode enabled, the Xperia Z5 Premium averaged more than a day’s charge at 26 hours. Watching a 4K movie with the brightness amped to max would deplete the battery much quicker, but the Z5 Premium can be used as an ordinary smartphone throughout the course of a day — easily.. And this is the prevalent theme of Sony’s flagship: it is a cutting edge smartphone seemingly free from compromise.. Read more Apple iPad Pro review: Wasted potential. The camera is case and point. The Z5 Premium adorns a brand new 23 megapixel camera fluent in 4K video recording. Autofocusing happens in 0.03 seconds, and although digital imaging stabilisation is used when recording videos, it’s incredibly effective at ironing out bumps.. This is the same camera found in Z5 and the Z5 Compact and it can compete against the best from Samsung and Apple, only unlike those phones, it doesn’t deface the smartphone’s design because it rests flush on its back.. Sony’s take on the camera is divisive. Take a photo using any smartphone in the Z5 range and it’ll capture the scene as it is. Dark scenes are not artificially lightened, whereas some rivals, think the LG G4 and iPhone 6s , will manipulate photos to make them picturesque. The difference between the resulting photos is noticeable. Neither is technically better than the other; it all boils down to individual taste.. Powering the smartphone is a Snapdragon 810 chipset with two quad-core CPUs, one running at 2.0GHz and another at 1.5GHz. Shared between it and an Adreno 430 GPU is 3GB of RAM, while the smartphone’s 32GB of internal storage can be expanded with microSD cards up to 2TB in size.. This configuration is among the most powerful, with 3DMark’s Ice Storm Unlimited benchmarking test awarding a top score of 26,929, which is behind only Apple’s iPhone 6s , and ahead of Samsung’s Galaxy S6 and HTC One (M9) .. Read more Sony Mobile launches SmartBand 2. The smartphone supports Cat6 LTE networks with a theoretical maximum download speeds of 300Mbps. Popping in a Telstra SIM and running a speedtest in our North Sydney office returned maximum download speeds of 62Mbps and upload speeds of 22Mbps. Downloading a 1-gigabyte file at this rate would take 2 minutes and 18 seconds.. Buying an Xperia branded phone comes with certain guarantees and one of them has to do with its tough credentials. The Z5 Premium has earned IP65/68 ratings, which certify it is resistant to dust and that it can withstand water up to 150cm deep for thirty minutes. These certifications are guidelines ; an indication of what Xperia smartphones can do under controlled conditions.. The real value of a water resistant phone is it affords peace of mind. There’s no need to worry about raindrops, spills or wet hands. Wash it clean, dry it up and it’s good to go.. Read more Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Review. Sony’s Xperia Z5 and Z5 Compact are better smartphones for having water resistant credentials, but the Z5 Premium is not. Sony’s Xperia range has all modelled the same design language since the original Z, launched in 2013, because in order for them to be waterproof, they need to be hermetically sealed.. There’s nothing wrong with the design of the Xperia Z5 Premium other than it is pushing three years old. It is the one thing that allows technology to appeal to human emotions.. This is the first Sony smartphone which Samsung, HTC, LG and Apple are chasing. It is the first smartphone in the world to take young 4K technology and implant it, practically, into a phone. This is Sony’s moment, the company has arrived, and its impact has been discounted by making the Z5 Premium look little different to some of Sony’s cheapest phones.. Read more ​Tech21 Evo Xplorer iPhone case review. Rocket to Success - Your 10 Tips for Smarter ERP System Selection. Error: Please check your email address.. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Oppo A73 review: The budget smartphone that sets the bar for 2018. Oppo R11s review: The iClone you know and love, but not quite the one you deserve. Blackberry KEYone Black Edition review: What the original KEYone should have been. Samsung Gear IconX 2018 review: The path of least resistance makes for an easy upgrade. LG V30+ Review: The videographer's smartphone arrives. MWC 2018: Samsung Debut The Stunning Galaxy S9. MWC 2018: Alcatel detail 2018 smartphone portfolio. MWC 2018: Intel and Huawei to showcase 5GNR public interoperability demonstration. MWC 2018: Intel confirms OEM collaboration on 5G PCs. Huawei Unveils First Car To Be Driven By AI-Powered Smartphone. Sony a7R Mk III review: The strongest case yet for ditching your DSLR. Oppo A73 review: The budget smartphone that sets the bar for 2018. What's the difference between an Intel Core i3, i5 and i7?. James Cook University - Master of Data Science Online Course. Victorinox Werks Professional Executive 17 Laptop Case. Sansai 6-Outlet Power Board + 4-Port USB Charging Station. Tile Pro Series - Tracker Devices. Before VR Goes Mainstream, It Has To Make It To The Living Room. Bringing VR out of office and study spaces will serve to help it attract the new audiences it needs to continue growing. The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers. Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products. Watch our video news and reviews from around the world. Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles. The printer was convenient, produced clear and vibrant images and was very easy to use. I would recommend this device for families and small businesses who want one safe place to store all their important digital content and a way to easily share it with friends, family, business partners, or customers.. It’s easy to set up, it’s compact and quiet when printing and to top if off, the print quality is excellent. This is hands down the best printer I’ve used for printing labels.. Brainstorming, innovation, problem solving, and negotiation have all become much more productive and valuable if people can easily collaborate in real time with minimal friction.. The print quality also does not disappoint, it’s clear, bold, doesn’t smudge and the text is perfectly sized.. The Huddle Board’s built in program; Sharp Touch Viewing software allows us to easily manipulate and edit our documents (jpegs and PDFs) all at the same time on the dashboard.. FT Platform Architect - Infrastructure/Cloud VIC. FT Windows 10 Deployment Manager Other. FT Full Stack Developer | Java | AEM | Javascript Other. FT Receptionist/ Front Desk Coordinator Other. FT Junior BA x 2 Other. FT SQL Developer / Data Analyst Other. FT Broker Support/ Applications Support Other. CC Program Coordinator - IT Transformation NSW. TP Business Intelligence Application Developer/Reporter QLD. CC Oracle Fusion Middleware Admin NSW. CC Business Intelligence Reporting Analyst - Telco VIC. FT Senior Full stack Developer (Java) ACT. FT Senior Project Manager - Mobile Apps Other. FT 1st Level Technical Support VIC. FT Lead Project/Program Manager -Office Fit out & Accommodation Other. TP Project Manager - Applications QLD. Don’t have an account? Sign up here. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. BYOG (bring your own glasses) will bring headaches for IT. New year provides enterprises prime opportunity to recalibrate security posture. Superloop hits its stride after acquisition spree. With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews.. Don't have an account? Sign up now. 
