Store: Bright Future (International) Technology CO.,LTD. This store has been open since Jun 17, 2014. Detailed seller ratings (Out of 5). Detailed Seller Ratings information is unavailable when there're less than 10 ratings.. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 5.5'' 4K resolution Original Unlocked 4G LTE Android Octa Core 23MP WIFI GPS free gift. US $ 410.00 - 429.00. Please select the country you want to ship from. Sorry, the current product is sold out.. Depends on the product properties you select. This product can't be shipped to the selected region.. Returns accepted if product not as described, buyer pays return shipping fee; or keep the product & agree refund with seller. Full refund if product isn't received in days. Dustproof,Gravity Response,GPRS,Touchscreen,Message,TV Receive,Bluetooth,Video Player,HD Video Player,Wi-Fi,MP3 Playback,FM Radio,GPS Navigation,Front Camera,Email,QWERTY Keyboard. 13cm x 12cm x 15cm (5.12in x 4.72in x 5.91in). Calculate your shipping cost by country/region and quantity.. 13cm x 12cm x 15cm (5.12in x 4.72in x 5.91in). We support the following payment methods. All payments made on AliExpress are processed by Alipay.. Customer Service , Disputes & Reports , Making Payment , Delivery Options , Buyer Protection , New User Guide , Report IPR infringement. Russian , Portuguese , Spanish , French , German , Italian , Dutch , Turkish , Japanese , Korean , Thai , Vietnamese , Arabic , Hebrew , Polish. All Popular , Product , Promotion , Low Price , Great Value , Retail , Reviews. Alibaba Group Website , AliExpress , Alimama , Alipay , Fliggy , Alibaba Cloud , Alibaba International , AliTelecom , DingTalk , Juhuasuan , Taobao Marketplace , Tmall , Xiami , AliOS , 1688. Intellectual Property Protection - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Law Enforcement Compliance Guide © 2010-2018 AliExpress.com. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - E6603, E6653. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 20(800), 28(700), 38(2600), 40(2300) - E6603, E6653. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps (E6603), LTE-A Cat6 300/50 Mbps (E6653). 146 x 72 x 7.3 mm (5.75 x 2.83 x 0.29 in). - IP68 certified - dust/water proof over 1.5 meter and 30 minutes. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 73.2 cm 2 (~69.6% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~428 ppi density). Android 5.1.1 (Lollipop), upgradable to 7.1.1 (Nougat). Octa-core (4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x2.0 GHz Cortex-A57). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 23 MP (f/2.0, 24mm, 1/2.3"), phase detection autofocus, LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. 2160p@30fps, 1080p@60fps, 720p@120fps, HDR, check quality. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS/ BDS (market dependant). microUSB 2.0 (MHL 3 TV-out), USB Host. Fingerprint (side-mounted; EU model only), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, IM, Push Email. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 2.0). Up to 520 h (2G) / Up to 540 h (3G). Up to 13 h 10 min (2G) / Up to 17 h (3G). White, Graphite Black, Gold, Green, Pink. Basemark OS II: 1354 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 1580 Basemark X: 24941. Voice 65dB / Noise 62dB / Ring 66dB. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Sony Xperia Z5 - user opinions and reviews. Sorry if I made u angry, but during the first few days of use bought in 2015 the temperatures are hotter than usual, but the temperatures will drop a few days later. Sorry dude, but I am really saying the truth about my first few days of use XPERIA Z.... Stop this nonsense, yesterday i used the Sony xperia z5 premium and there is no such thing, yes it does heat up normally with some tasks which normally cause rise in temperature, final words, there is nothing abnormal in this phone.. Xperia Z to Z5 was like the evolution of Audi A4 b5 to b8 facelift. Both timeless designs which even got better over the years. But X Performance changed it sadly, like A4 B9.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia XZ1 Sony Xperia X Performance. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia XA. 
Please help us improve our website. Take our customer survey to evaluate your visit.. It should only take a few minutes to answer five quick questions. Just click the Launch survey button at the end of your visit to begin.. Explore the world of Sony Apps and Services.. Your ticket to the biggest hits and hottest shows. Personalize your Xperia®, keep it safe, and more. Xperia® Z5 Never miss a moment.. The Sony Xperia Z5 keeps up with your fast-paced life so you never miss a moment.. Make fleeting last forever Capture blink-of-an-eye moments with our fastest-yet autofocus. Xperia Z5 lets you capture life’s greatest photo opportunities—before they pass you by. With its Hybrid Autofocus, this camera phone is a master at speed and accuracy. Combined with 23 megapixels and five times powerful image zoom, Xperia Z5 is able to capture even the most fleeting moments. See shots taken with Xperia Z5. Xperia Z5 delivers an incredibly fast and accurate 0.03-second autofocus by combining two different technologies.. Get 5 times closer to your subject without losing quality, thanks to the power of Sony’s camera sensors, lenses, and exclusive Clear Image Zoom technology.. Light up the night Sony’s low-light technology in a camera phone. The magic of night isn’t lost on Xperia Z5. Equipped with the next-generation Sony image sensor, you can capture beautiful night scenes as you see them. Without the usual noise or blur.. View photos taken with an Xperia®. Your photos never looked so good Tell your story with our photo and movie apps. The fun doesn’t stop when you capture life at its best on the Xperia® Z5. We have a range of amazing photo and movie apps that will help you unleash your creativity—including AR Effect, Sketch, and Movie Maker.. Xperia Z5 delivers a design difference you can feel. A metal frame with precision engraving. And a frosted glass back that’s both gentle on the eyes and cool to the touch.. Doesn’t mind a little rain With a water resistant and dust-tight design, you don’t need a rain check. Devices get dropped in the sink and drinks are knocked over. Xperia Z5 has Sony’s leading water resistant* design and an IP68 rating. Because a little water should never ruin the day.. What if every day had more hours? Do more with up to two days of battery life. Xperia Z5 brings you up to two days** of ground-breaking battery power from a single charge. Listen to more music, talk for days, and stay out longer without worrying. When you do need to power up the battery, Xperia Z5 has Quick Charge capabilities to get you a full day of power in just 45 minutes.. With Hi-Res Audio and DNC support, you can hear music as it was meant to be heard and block out everything else.. Everything you see is more vivid on this Full HD display with Sony’s BRAVIA TV technologies built in.. You won’t miss a second of your gaming action with PS4 Remote Play, which allows you to seamlessly keep playing your PlayStation games on your phone via your local Wi-Fi network.. 23MP camera with Hybrid Autofocus (0.03 sec). IP 68 water resistant and dust tight*. Up to 2 days of battery life**. Hi-Res Audio with Digital Noise Canceling. SIM capability Single SIM, Nano SIM Memory and storage microSD™ card with up to 200 GB Weight 154 grams Dimensions 146 x 72 x 7.3 mm Display 5.2” FHD 1080p (1920x1080), Triluminos Display for Mobile, Dynamic Contrast Enhancer, X-Reality for Mobile Camera 1/2.3” 23MP Exmor RS™ for mobile sensor, Hybrid AF 0.03 sec***, 5x Clear Image Zoom, ISO 12800 Photo/3200 Video, SteadyShot™ with Intelligent Active Mode, 4K video recording On the inside Google Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), Qualcomm Snapdragon 810, 64-bit Octa Core processor. There’s so much to discover with Xperia: from smartphones, tablets, and Smart Products to exclusive offers and content. We want to help you do more.. Switching to Xperia®? Xperia Transfer Mobile makes it easy to move over all your content.. With exclusive access to the latest movies, music, and games, it’s your ticket to a world of entertainment.. Everything you need to work smarter—discover the benefits of Xperia for business.. Your product will stay like new if you install the latest software. Register at My support to receive emails about new updates.. Xperia™ Care has answers to almost anything you want to know about your product. Get help where you are, both in the device and online.. * The Xperia Z5 is water resistant and protected against dust, so don’t worry if you get caught in the rain or want to wash off dirt under a tap water, but remember all ports and attached covers should be firmly closed. You should not put the device completely under water; or expose it to seawater, salt water, chlorinated water or liquids such as drinks. Abuse and improper use of device will invalidate warranty. The device has been tested under Ingress Protection rating IP65/68. For more info, see www.sonymobile.com/waterresistant/. Note the Xperia Z5 has a capless USB port to connect and charge. The USB port needs to be completely dry before charging.. **Battery life has been measured against Sony Mobile Communications AB’s smartphone usage profile, defined in September 2014 to represent the typical smartphone user’s active condition, including but not limited to a range of usage scenarios (calling, texting, web browsing, social networking, game playing, music listening, picture taking, picture browsing, online video watching, video recording, and playback).. ***Based on Sony Xperia™ Z5 /Z5 Compact’s main camera resolution, speed of autofocus and image quality assessment by 200 UK consumers, compared to Apple iPhone 6, Apple iPhone 6 Plus, HTC One M9, LG G4, Samsung Galaxy Note 4 and Samsung Galaxy S6 (being the “Leading Smartphones” defined by Strategy Analytics as the top six flagship devices according to shelf share in 2015). Camera resolution was compared to the top 100 selling smartphones of 2015 and verified by Strategy Analytics’ SpecTRAX & PriceTRAX Services as of 1st September 2015. Consumer research was conducted by Strategy Analytics between 5-6th August 2015. Technical testing was conducted by Strategy Analytics on 7th August 2015. For more information, go to: www.sonymobile.com/us/legal/testresults/ .. Support Product Support Contact Support Support forum Xperia About Xperia Smartphone photography Xperia in Business Xperia & Android About Smart Products Sony Mobile About Sony News & blog Accessibility Sustainability Sony & other sites About Sony Sony and the Environment Developer World Accessibility and Usability. Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Local channels. Copyright © 2011-2018 Sony Mobile Communications Inc. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. An attractive flagship that lacks excitement. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The Sony Xperia Z5 looks good, has plenty of power, its camera can take some great snaps and it won't die when you spill your drink on it.. The Bad Only minor updates from its predecessor means it lacks the excitement of its rivals. Its waterproofing no longer allows for full submersion, meaning it can't be used for underwater photography.. The Bottom Line Even with strong specs befitting a high-end phone, the Sony Xperia Z5 adds little over its predecessor to make it an exciting option over rivals like the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.. The Sony Xperia Z5 has a waterproof body that is ready for the rain. Design 146x72x7.3mm 154g The power button also functions as a fingerprint reader. The Xperia Z5 has an IP68 level of waterproofing, but Sony does not recommend dunking it fully underwater. Waterproofing The Xperia Z5 is 7.3mm thick. Display 5.2-inches Full HD (1,920x1,080-pixel) resolution The screen has the same full HD resolution as the Xperia Z3. Android software Android 5.1 Lollipop Sony custom interface The Xperia Z5 ships with Android 5.1 Lollipop, with plans to update to Android 6.0 Marshmallow in the future. Processor performance Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 octa-core processor 3GB RAM. Sony's flagship Xperia Z5 is stuffed with a lot of the top tech we expect from a high-end phone. It's got a full HD display, tons of power and a meaty 23-megapixel camera. Mix in its minimalist, waterproof design and you've got yourself the phone of the year, right?. The mobile phone landscape has changed dramatically in the past year with Samsung really shaking things up with its Galaxy S6 Edge. flagship handset with metal and curving glass , Samsung managed to inject some much-needed excitement into its products. LG, meanwhile, made a curved phone and wrapped its devices in real leather .. By contrast, Sony is doing little to push the boat out in its flagship refreshes. The Xperia Z5 is very much a revision of last year's. Xperia Z3 , with an identical display, mildly tweaked key specs and a similar design. By itself that might be fine, but the Z3 was only a refresh of the Z2 before it, which itself wasn't much of a leap over the Z1. What's more, both Samsung and LG have also equipped their flagships with ultra high-definition displays -- something you won't find on the Z5. If you want that, you'll need to splash some more cash on the 4K Xperia Z5 Premium .. It's not that there's anything wrong with the Z5: It looks perfectly fine, and it's got a solid lineup of specs. But its £549 asking price puts it squarely in the elite category, right up against the Galaxy S6 Edge. For that price, "fine" just doesn't cut it. It needs to be amazing, and side-by-side against the Edge, the Z5 is not the phone I'd award the title "amazing.". The Xperia Z5 is available now in the UK for £549, and is up for preorder in Australia starting at AU$999. It'll cost $600 unlocked in the US; sales start February 7, 2016.. Even a passing glance at the Z5 is enough to notice it's from the same family as the Z3 and Z2. It keeps the glass front and back, with a metal edge and minimal Sony branding. Still, it shows a few small changes: the rear glass panel is frosted, which I personally prefer over the glossy panel on the previous model.. The metal edging is now flat, rather than rounded, which gives the phone a blocky look and feel. The metal edges also protrude slightly away from the glass back, making the Z5 feel slightly sharp when I held it. Whether this is an intentional move or not, I can't say, but it does give the phone an unrefined feel. At 7.3mm thick, it's a touch chubbier than some of its rivals too.. Another tweak to the new model is the power button on the side. Sony's replaced its almost iconic sticking-out dimple of a button with a long, flat one. It's not just a cosmetic change -- the power button now functions as a fingerprint reader, and it's the first time Sony has included one on its phones.. I find its side position comfortable to use as it's where my thumb naturally sits when I hold it in my right hand. Left-handers among you may consider it less convenient, though. If it's lying flat on a table, however, it's easier to just type in the PIN -- something that's less of an issue with the. It's quick to set up and accurate, rarely failing to recognise my prints.. While I like the stark, minimalist approach Sony takes with its phone design, the Z5 is (as I said) very much a refresh of what we've seen before, rather than a total overhaul. It also doesn't look as luxurious a device as Samsung's curving Galaxy S6 Edge. Personal preference will no doubt come into play a lot here so I recommend going hands on in a shop before making your mind up.. Sony's website states that the Xperia Z5, like its predecessor, has an IP68 level of waterproofing, which technically states (again, on Sony's own website) that it's submersible in water over 1-metre in depth for 30 minutes. However the fine print on the specific product page for the Z5 says that it should not be submerged in water, unlike the Z3 and Z2 before it which were both advertised as underwater phones.. All the while, Sony has rather downplayed the significance of the waterproofing in its marketing materials for the phone. While the Z2 and Z3 were both shown plunging into water and taking photos of people in swimming pools, the Z5 is shown only in the rain -- not fully underwater.. I asked Sony to clarify and a company rep explained, "The recent changes to guidance we provide to our customers are designed to more clearly illustrate the best ways to protect devices in day-to-day usage. We communicate necessary precautions, and the specific parameters of ingress protection ratings, to help customers to protect their smartphones and tablets in line with the applicable warranty we provide. We have also recently updated our marketing visuals to better advocate sensible usage of our devices." OK, then.. What that means for you is this phone is not for underwater use. Instead, its waterproofing is designed to keep it safe from accidentally spilled drinks and to let you take calls in the rain. It may be able to survive a drop in the toilet, but don't keep dunking it in your pint to show off to your mates in the pub. If underwater photography is your thing, you'll need to look at rugged compact cameras which can survive full submersion in the ocean for extended periods of time.. The Z5's display hasn't really changed much from the older Xperia Z3. At 5.2-inches, it's the same size and it has the same full HD (1,920x1,080-pixel) resolution, giving it the same pixel density. It's sharp, with fine text and clear images. Although the display looks admittedly perfectly crisp, I'd have liked to see a higher resolution panel. Both the Galaxy S6 and LG G4 (both of which can be bought for less than the Z5) have ultra HD screens, so Sony isn't doing much to keep up with its rivals here. It's the Z5 Premium that packs the 4K display, as well as an even higher price tag.. Sony boasts that the display uses much of the same tech it whacks into its TVs -- the meaningless word "Triluminous" features in the Z5's marketing materials -- which is a convoluted way of saying "it looks good." To its credit, it does. Black levels are deep, resulting in rich colours with good contrast. You can tweak the colour and vibrance settings, too, if it gets a bit much.. It's a great screen for flicking through your pictures, gaming or watching Netflix at home, but it's not super-bright making outdoor use a little more difficult. Even under a cloudy Sussex sky, I found the screen to be a bit dim to read, so those of you who are lucky enough to live in perpetually sunny climates might struggle here.. The Z5 comes with Android 5.1 Lollipop on board, which is the most recent version of Google's software that's currently available. Android 6.0 Marshmallow has recently debuted on Google's new line of Nexus phones, but as the Z5 was launched back in September, I can't expect it to have it on board already.. official blog , Sony confirmed that the Z5, along with the Z5 Compact and Z5 Premium, would receive the update to Marshmallow, although it gave no indication as to timings (I've asked Sony to provide more information). Yet, I wouldn't get your hopes up for it arriving any time soon however as Sony previously has been slow to update its phones -- even the flagships -- to the latest Android releases. Don't buy the Z5 if you're desperate to be among the first to play with Marshmallow. I will of course update this review when we hear any information about the Marshmallow upgrade.. One reason Sony takes so long to update its phones is that it heavily customises the Android interface. When a new version of Android comes along, its engineers have to work hard to apply the skin over the software. Plus each version of Android requires a whole new approach.. Sony's skin isn't too bad though, so you shouldn't be in any rush to get rid of it. It looks fairly neat, it's easy to learn, and some features like the ability to quickly arrange app icons in the app tray by most used or alphabetical order are more intuitive than some of its rivals.. There are quite a few pre-loaded apps which clutter things up, but mercifully you can uninstall most of them. I recommend a full clear out of all superfluous apps and home screen widgets before you do anything with your new phone.. The Z5's engine is a Qualcomm 810 octa-core chip, with 3GB of RAM backing it up. It's a potent piece of silicon, but this chip has had issues with overheating in the past. Most notably on Sony's own Xperia Z3+, which I found would regularly force close apps due to increased core temperature.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Sony Xperia Z5. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 415 results for "sony xperia z5". Save on Certified Refurbished Sony Products on Amazon. Certified Refurbished products have been refurbished to work and look like-new, and are backed by a warranty.. See all results for sony xperia z5 .. Sony Xperia Z5 E6683 32GB White, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. $284.61 (5 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. With the Xperia Z5 family, Sony has definitely piqued the interest of .... Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 3GB/32GB 23MP 5.2-inch 4G LTE Factory Unlocked (WHITE) - International Stock No Warranty. $299.99 (9 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Sony Xperia Z5 E6683 32GB Black, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. $274.99 (3 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. What we like about the Sony Xperia Z5 :23MP camera with Hybrid Autofocus .... Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 5.5-Inch 4K UHD Display Factory Unlocked (CHROME) - International Stock No Warranty. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB 4G/LTE International Version No Warranty (BLACK). Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. $280.49 (9 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Package Content : Sony Xperia Z5 E6653, Headset, Charger , Data cable. Sony Xperia Z5 32GB GSM/LTE - Unlocked phone - (US Warranty)- Retail Packaging (Black). Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. The Sony Xperia Z5 keeps up with your fast-paced life so you never miss .... Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 Factory Unlocked Phone, 5.5-Inch 4K UHD Display, Gold International Version. $349.99 (3 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Sony Xperia Z5 E6683 Dual Sim Factory Unlocked International Version No Warranty (green). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Mist Blue (US Warranty). $227.34 (9 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Whether you're using your Xperia smartphone with Wi-Fi or out and about .... Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Unlocked Phone - Black (U.S. $315.99 (2 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. The Sony Xperia Z5 Compact is a smartphone that has all the features of .... Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 2GB/32GB 23MP 4.6-inch 4G LTE Factory Unlocked (BLACK) - International Stock No Warranty. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Genuine Original Sony Internal Battery LIS1605ERPC 3430mAh 13.1Wh For Sony Xperia Z5 Premium, Xperia Z5 Premium Dual E6883 with Tool Kit plus FREE 3pcs Screwdriver Included - Non-Retail Packaging. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Compatibility: For Sony Xperia Z5 Premium, Xperia Z5 Premium Dual E6883. Sony Xperia XA1 - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). $162.88 (35 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Sony Xperia Z5 E6683 Dual Sim Factory Unlocked International Model (white) no warranty. Only 4 left in stock - order soon.. Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Only 12 left in stock - order soon.. $219.00 (8 used &amp new offers). Trade-in eligible for an Amazon gift card. Whether you're using your Xperia smartphone with Wi-Fi or out and about .... All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. sony xperia z sony xperia z4 sony xperia s. All Listings - Current page. results for sony xperia z5. Save sony xperia z5 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow sony xperia z5 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. 5.2" Unlocked Sony Ericsson Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB 23MP Android Cellphone-5 Colors. 4.6'' Unlocked Sony Ericsson Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 23MP 32GB Mobile Phone. Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB 23MP Smartphone - Black, White, Gold, Green 5.2'' USA. Sony Xperia Z5 Case Pouch Faux Leather Cover Cream White. Leather Flip Case For Sony xperia E4 E5 X XZ XA C5 M2 M4 M5 Z3 Z4 Z5 ULTRA Premi. Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 - 32GB - (Unlocked) 4G Smartphone - 4 Colors. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual E6883 (Factory Unlocked) 23MP, 32GB Android From US. Sony Ericsson XPERIA Z5 E6653 4G LTE 23MP 32GB 5.2" Unlocked Smartphone 4 colors. New in Sealed Box Sony Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 Unocked 32GB Smartphone. Original Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 32GB Black (Unlocked) Smartphone 4.6" 23MP. 1 new & refurbished from $212.00. Black Sony Ericssion Xperia Z5 COMPACT 23MP LTE 32GB - Unlocked Mobile Phone. 4.6" Sony Ericsson Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 32GB Unlocked 4G Cellphone - 4 Colors. Black Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 5.2'' Smartphone 32GB 23MP 4G LTE Octa-Core Unlocked. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Faux Leather Case Case Pouch Case + Foil. New Heavy Tough Shockproof Stand Armor Case Cover For Sony Xperia Z5 Z4 Z3 M5 M4. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact - 32GB - Graphite Black (Unlocked) Smartphone 7/10. 1 new & refurbished from $212.00. New Sony Xperia Z5 Dual Sim E6683 32GB 23MP 3GB Ram 4G Phone+Gift. New in Sealed Box Sony Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 AT&T T-MOBILE 32GB 5.2" Smartphone. Unlocked Smartphone Sony Ericsson XPERIA Z5 Compact E5823 3G/4G NFC 32GB - Gray. New Original Unlocked Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 32GB 23MP 4G Smartphone Black. Original Sony Xperia Z5 Premium facotry unlocked android amrtphone Octa-core. Black LCD Display Touch Screen For Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 E6883 With Frame. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Leather Case Case Cover Real Leather New Brown. Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB Graphite Black! GSM Unlocked! Clean IMEI!. Sony Ericsson XPERIA Z5 E6653 4G LTE 23MP 32GB 5.2" Unlocked Smartphone - Green. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 / E6883 4G ROM 32GB RAM 3GB 5.5" Octa-core 23MP. OPEN BOX- Sony XPERIA Z5 Compact E5823 Pink (FACTORY UNLOCKED), 4.6" , 32GB. Original SONY XPERIA Z5 E6603 E6653 32GB 4G ROM 32GB RAM 3GB Octa-core 23MP 5.2". New Sony XPERIA Z5 Premium E6853 32GB, 23MP, 5.5'', Black/Chrome/G old 4G USA. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 / E6883 5.5" 32GB RAM 4G ROM 3GB Octa-core 23MP. Sony Xperia Z5 - 32GB - Brilliant CHROME (Unlocked) Smartphone. New GSM Unlocked Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 4G LTE 5.5" Smartphone Silver. New GSM Unlocked Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 4G LTE 5.5" Smartphone Gold. New Genuine Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 32GB 4G LTE Android Smartphone Black. BNIB SONY XPERIA Z5 PREMIUM E6853 32GB GOLD SINGLE SIM FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G GSM. Original Black LCD Touch Screen+UV Glue for Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6833 ZVLT333. Black Main Chassis Power Button Port Cover Replacement Part For Sony Xperia Z5. 2 Sony Xperia Z5 compact - Silver/Grey. Sony Xperia Z5 premium 4K FHD 5.5" 4G Quad Cord 23MP 32GB Chrome AU warranty. New 32GB Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 23MP 5.5" Smartphone Black. USED - Sony XPERIA Z5 E6653 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 23MP, 5.2" , 3GB RAM - White. New 32GB Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 23MP 5.5" Smartphone Gold. OPEN BOX- Sony XPERIA Z5 Premium E6853 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 23MP, 5.5" - Gold. Unlocked Sony Ericsson Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB 32MP 4G Smartphone Graphite Black. New 32GB Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 23MP 5.5" Smartphone Silver. Good Condition [Locked by docomo] Sony Xperia Z5 Compact SO-02H Yellow 929320. Sony Xperia Z5 E6633 Dual Sim White Unlocked GSM SmartPhone NEW. New Unlocked Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 32GB GPS 4.6" 4G LTE Smartphone Black. 32GB Original Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 Android Phone 23MP Octa-Core Factory Unlocked. Sony Xperia Z5 E6683 DUAL SIM 3GB 32GB Unlocked 5.2". Sony Ericsson Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 3G 4G LTE 32GB 23.0MP Unlocked Smartphone. Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 Unlocked. Sony Ericsson Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB 23MP 3G 4G LTE Octa-core Unlocked Smartphone. Sony XPERIA Z5 Dual E6633 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 23MP, 5.2" , 32GB - Pick Your Color. USED - Sony XPERIA Z5 Premium Dual E6883 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" - Pink. 32GB Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 - FACTORY UNLOCKED - Octa-core - Smartphone US. For Sony Xperia Z5 5.2" HARD Protector Back Case Phone Cover + PEN. NO-RUSH 14 DAYS SHIPPING ONLY! US LOCATION!. Customs services and international tracking provided. NO-RUSH 14 DAYS SHIPPING ONLY! US LOCATION!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS & Ship Worldwide ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Camera works well in varying conditions. What is the Sony Xperia Z5?. Sony Xperia Z5 review – Screen. Sony Xperia Z5 review – Design. Sitting in the middle of the miniature Sony Xperia Z5 Compact and Sony Xperia Z5 Premium , the regular Z5 might seem like the least interesting of the trio.. Related: Sony Xperia XZ Pro news and rumours. But, if you spend some time with the Xperia Z5 you’ll realise it’s a great phone; with an ace camera, vibrant display and plenty of power tucked underneath its frosted glass back.. It rights many of the wrongs caused by the awful Z3+ and, while it’s still far from perfect, it’s probably the best Xperia currently on the market.. Sony uses a lot of buzzwords when talking about Xperias’ Triluminous and Bravia Mobile Engine screen technology. Most of the time it’s marketing drivel so I’m not going to bore you with it. All you need to know is the screen on the Xperia Z5 is fantastic, in pretty much every way. It’s bright, vibrant, accurate at representing colours and packed with detail.. Related: The best smartphones 2015. Sony says quad-HD doesn’t really add anything to phone screens of this size and for the most part I agree with them. This is why I’m not bothered by the fact that, unlike Samsung’s Galaxy S6 and Motorola’s Moto X Style, it doesn’t include a pixel-dense quad-HD panel.. I can’t pick out individual pixels on its 1080p screen and the IPS LCD panel displays colours with fantastic amounts of accuracy. Whites are bright, yellows and reds are vivid without becoming oversaturated and if you don’t jack the brightness up too high, blacks are deep and inky.. Viewing angles are also fantastic and it’s surprisingly useable in bright light, with glare rarely becoming an issue.. Related: Sony Xperia Z6 release date. Sony clearly believes it’s on to a winner with the overall look of the Xperia series, because its phones’ designs have barely changed at all over the past four years. I would have liked to see a bit of a refresh this time around, but there’s no doubting that Sony has made a sleek smartphone. The straight sides blend seamlessly into rounded corners and both the front and back are covered in Gorilla Glass.. Generally, I’m not a fan of phones with glass backs. The glass attracts smudges and they’re far too easy to crack. I must have gone through at least four iPhone 4s and even the strengthened glass on the back of my Samsung Galaxy S6 cracked after a drop from barely a foot.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Related: The best tablets you can buy. My first issue is solved by the frosted glass used here. It stays completely smudge free and has a lovely matte finish. I didn’t even think it was glass when I took the Xperia Z5 out of the box, as it feels more like plastic to the touch.. As I haven’t dropped it yet – thankfully – I can’t say whether or not it’ll be forever damaged after a meeting with a concrete slab, but my instinct says that it would.. This time around, Sony has ditched the circular metal power button that was present on all other Xperia devices and replaced it with a flatter, longer version.. There’s good reason for the change, as it now has a fingerprint sensor baked in. Fingerprint readers on Android have hit the big time, but no one is really sure yet where the best place for them to go is. On the back below the camera? On the front? Nope. Sony’s side-mounted version is the best yet.. Putting the sensor into the button you always use to unlock the device just makes sense and Sony’s interpretation is fast and accurate. Out of twenty tries, the scanner worked flawlessly every time.. I do have a few issues with the Xperia Z5’s design, however. The biggest being the placement of the volume keys. They’re situated just on the lower right hand side and I find myself constantly hitting them accidentally when I reach for the power button.. I also really dislike how the rim ever so slightly juts out past the glass back. It makes the phone uncomfortable to hold, with it digging into my palms.. Unlike the Xperia Z5 Compact, which is a little on the chunky side, the vanilla Z5 is slim, measuring 7.3mm.. Like previous Xperia Z phones, the Z5 is waterproof and holds an IP68 rating. With it being waterproof you’d expect to be able to use it in, you know, water? But Sony thinks otherwise. It doesn’t want you actually using it like a GoPro in the swimming pool or shower. Instead it’s there to protect from an accidental drop in your cup of tea or being left out in the rain.. Thankfully, just like the Z3 and Z3+, there aren’t any pesky flaps covering up the ports. No one like flaps covering up those vital ports, do they?. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Your Story Never Looked So Good. September 2015 ; 2 years ago. October 2015 ; 2 years ago. ( 2015-10-01 ) (Taiwan, United Kingdom). October 2015 ; 2 years ago. October 2015 ; 2 years ago. ( 2015-10-23 ) (India [1] ). October 2015 ; 2 years ago. ( 2015-10-29 ) (Canada, [2] Japan; SO-01H variant exclusively for NTT DoCoMo , SOV32 variant exclusively for au by KDDI , 501SO variant exclusively for SoftBank Mobile [3] ). July 2016 ; 19 months ago. Sony Xperia Z4 SO-03G (Japan). Sony Xperia Z4 402SO (Japan). Sony Xperia Z4 SOV31 (Japan). Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 MSM8994. Octa-core 64-bit 20 nm. • Quad-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A57. • Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex A-53. non-user removable Li-ion 2900. Multi-touch , capacitive touchscreen , proximity sensor. mm) 1080p IPS LCD. TRILUMINOS™ Display with Live Color LED. MP [Exmor RS IMX300],1/2.3" sensor size, back-side illuminated sensor , LED flash , 4K ( 2160p ) video recording @ 30. fps , 1080p @60fps, 720p@120fps, 0.03 seconds Hybrid Autofocus. 5 MP ,[Exmor R IMX241],1/5" sensor size, 1080p video recording @ 30 fps, 720p@60fps. USB 2.0 (Micro-B port, USB charging, Quick Charge 2.0). in) headphone jack , 5 pole, fingerprint sensor. Media related to Sony Xperia Z5 at Wikimedia Commons. Available in graphite black, white, gold and green. IP65 / IP68 (Dust protected, Water jet protected & Waterproof). Sony Exmor R for Mobile. Sony Exmor RS for Mobile. Sony BIONZ image processor. 1seg (501SO, SO-01H and SOV32 variants only). Osaifu-Keitai (501SO, SO-01H and SOV32 variants only). POBox Plus (501SO, SO-01H and SOV32 variants only). The Sony Xperia Z5 is an Android smartphone produced by Sony. Part of the Sony Xperia Z series , the device, at that point known by the project code name "Sumire", was unveiled along with the Xperia Z5 Compact and Xperia Z5 Premium during a press conference at IFA 2015 on September 2, 2015. The device was launched globally in October and will launch in the United States as an unlocked device in February 2016. [4] [5] It is the successor to the Sony Xperia Z3+ .. Similar to its predecessor, the device is water and dust proof with an IP rating of 65 and 68. It is Sony's first device to feature a fingerprint sensor. The device comes with 23 Megapixel camera with 0.03 seconds Hybrid Autofocus that utilizes phase detection autofocus , similarly found in the Xperia M5. In February 2016 it was confirmed by Sony Mobile 's senior product marketing manager Jun Makino that the Sony Xperia Z5 will be the final smartphone in the Sony Xperia Z series , with all future releases being released as part of the Sony Xperia X series. [7] However this rumor was dismissed as Sony's Head of Marketing, Don Mesa has clarified that the X Series will not replace the Z Series. Unlike its predecessors, the Xperia Z5's body design consists of an aluminum frame with a frosted glass backing to reduce fingerprints appearing on the back of the phone. The device carries an IP rating of IP65 and IP68, making it dust and water resistant. [9] The device features a 5.15 inches (13.1. cm) (marketed as 5.2-in) 1080p display with a density of 424 ppi, featuring Sony's "Triluminos" technology. [10] The device also features a 64-bit 2.0. GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 system-on-chip with 3. GB internal storage with microSD card expansion up to 200. [11] The device also includes a non-removable 2900 mAh battery. The rear-facing camera of the Xperia Z5 is 23 megapixels with sensor size of 1/2.3 inch and an aperture of f/2.0, featuring a newer Sony Exmor RS image sensor , instead of the 20.7 megapixels image sensor which was used in all of its predecessors, starting from the Xperia Z1. Similarly found in the Xperia M5 , the devices also features hybrid autofocus that utilizes phase detection autofocus that can focus the object within 0.03 seconds. Xperia Z5 also features a redesigned power button located on the right side of the device with a fingerprint recognition system which can be used to unlock the phone. [13] However, the fingerprint sensor is disabled in the US version of the phone [14] due to a "business decision", [15] although it can be reenabled by modifying the firmware. The Xperia Z5 is preinstalled with Android 5.1 Lollipop with Sony's custom interface and software. [17] Pre-loaded applications on the Z5 provide access to Google’s various services , including Google Play , which can be used to download and purchase apps, music, movies, and e-books. On first week of March 2016, Sony released the Android 6.0 Marshmallow software update for the Xperia Z5. On August 23, 2016, Sony announced that the Xperia Z5 would receive an upgrade to Android 7.0 Nougat. [20] The update started rolling out in January 2017, but was put on hold shortly thereafter upon "reports from some users experiencing inconsistencies related to audio playback via third-party apps and SD card encrypted data read performance." [21] The update re-commenced in February 2017. ^ "Sony India announces Xperia Z5 dual and Z5 Premium dual". Retrieved 23 October 2015. ^ "Bell gets Xperia Z5 exclusivity in Canada; launches on 29 October". Retrieved 14 November 2015. ^ "Sony Xperia Z5 now on sale in Japan". Retrieved 14 November 2015. ^ "September 2015 press release". ^ "Sony Xperia Z5 and Z5 Compact will be officially released in the US next month". Retrieved 16 January 2016. ^ "Xperia Z5 announced". ^ "Xperia Z6, Xperia C6 release, specs: Xperia Z6 slated to be unveiled at IFA 2016?; Xperia C6 to feature 2GB RAM, 16GB ROM, MediaTek Helio processor". ^ "Hands On with Xperia Z5". Retrieved 26 September 2015. ^ a b "Hands on: Xperia Z5 review". Retrieved 26 September 2015. ^ "Sony Xperia Z5 hands on". Retrieved 26 September 2015. ^ "Sony Xperia Z5 camera: Sample image and new tech explained". Retrieved 26 September 2015. ^ "Xperia Z5 review: Good but not exceptional". Retrieved 26 September 2015. ^ "Xperia Z5 (E6603 and E6653) white paper" (PDF). Retrieved 7 June 2016. ^ "No fingerprint sensor in US Xperia Z5 and Z5 Compact models [Update]". Retrieved 7 June 2016. ^ "E6653 Flash E6603 US Firmware & Enable Fingerprint Scanner". Retrieved 7 June 2016. ^ "Sony Xperia Z5 hands-on: Long time no see". Retrieved 26 September 2015. ^ Richard Devine (14 November 2015). "Sony Xperia Z5 and Xperia Z5 Compact Review". Retrieved 23 January 2016. ^ Rob Triggs (7 March 2016). "Marshmallow for the Xperia Z5 rolling out today". "Sony announces Android 7.0 upgrade list—includes the Xperia Z5, Xperia X, and more". Retrieved 23 August 2016. ^ "Sony appears to have pulled Android Nougat firmware for Xperia Z5 users [Update]". ^ "Android Nougat rollout re-starts for Xperia Z5, Z3 Plus and Z4 Tablet (32.3.A.0.376)". Xperia ZL , Xperia ZR , Xperia Z Ultra. Xperia Z5 Compact , Xperia Z5 Premium. Sony Xperia mobile phones. See also: List of Sony Xperia phones. X10 mini / X10 mini pro. acro HD / acro S. Categories : Android (operating system) devices Smartphones Touchscreen mobile phones Sony mobile phones Mobile phones introduced in 2015 Digital audio players. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. العربية تۆرکجه Deutsch 한국어 Bahasa Indonesia Italiano Bahasa Melayu 日本語 Polski Русский Türkçe 中文. This page was last edited on 4 November 2017, at 21:22. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
No wonder James Bond didn't want Sony's Xperia Z5. Competent and handsome, Sony’s Xperia Z5 still struggles to stand out.. Competent and handsome, Sony’s Xperia Z5 still struggles to stand out.. Competent and handsome, Sony’s Xperia Z5 still struggles to stand out.. Hard to buy in the U.S.. Hard to buy in the U.S. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. Should James Bond use a Sony phone? Daniel Craig certainly didn’t think so, he reportedly turned down $5 million. as part of a proposed product placement deal. Given the plethora of other options and resources available at MI5, one would assume he’d go with something that had no label at all.. are very expensive to make, and product placement defrays costs; the Xperia Z5 did become the official phone of Bond , though it never made the final cut (it only appeared in a short film series of ads featuring Moneypenny). That deal may not have had the desired effect of spurring interest in Sony’s latest flagship, but this is. still a phone built with a purpose.. Unlike some competitors who had high hopes for their handsets in 2015, it’s hard to tell what Sony’s true business goals were for this one. The company’s mobile division continues to hemorrhage cash, yet there is little sign that it’s looking to pack it in and call it a day. The Xperia Z5 doesn’t come out under any real uncertainty, though it has a hard time grabbing the spotlight in the crowded smartphone market.. To give Sony credit, it doesn’t venture too far from its design philosophy. Where distinctly rounded edges are the order of the day for just about everyone else, Sony maintains more of a rectangular form factor, and the corners are rounded just enough to make the Xperia Z5 easier to handle.. The best design tweak is the frosted glass back, which doesn’t pick up fingerprints.. The Xperia Z line has been around for years, and looking back, the various models don’t deviate a great deal from each other. Sony was the first to make a waterproof flagship right out of the box, and has long supported high-resolution audio file formats like WAV and FLAC. The company also offers PlayStation cross-platform compatibility, content casting with Sony TVs, and various other features meant to keep it all in the family.. Back in the ‘90s, Sony’s strategy would’ve been a self-fulfilling prophecy, but today, it’s a walled garden that doesn’t necessarily need walls.. Even so, this is a well-crafted smartphone that’s somewhat overshadowed by the larger Xperia Z5 Premium. The 5.2-inch 1080p IPS display is vibrant and sharp, though the best design tweak is the frosted glass back. It is far less of a fingerprint magnet than its predecessors’ glossy glass back panels were. Sony also smartly integrated the nano SIM and Micro SD card tray under one flap instead of separating them.. Then there’s the power button, with volume keys and a dedicated camera button below. Sony opted to put a fingerprint sensor in the power button for quicker unlocking, though it annoyingly requires pressing the button first to wake up the phone. Luckily, holding down the shutter button launches the camera, even when the screen is locked.. Sony Xperia Z5 Compared To. Under the hood, the phone has a respectable amount of power, led by the 2.0GHz/1.5GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 octa-core processor and 3GB of RAM. There’s 32GB of internal storage, a large 2,900mAh battery, 23-megapixel-rear camera, and IP68 certification for dust and water resistance. Waterproofing is a great feature that’s been on most Xperia phones, and it’s one we wish were offered on more flagship smartphones. Sony’s commitment to water protection is refreshing and smart.. There is something about Sony’s software design that makes it inherently different from other Android handsets. The specific layout, icons, fonts, and app drawer are all a departure from the increasingly restrained approach other manufacturers have taken to Android this year. To please the crowd, Sony should have reigned in its design language and adopted a more vanilla version of Android.. Instead, Sony insists on pushing users to its various apps or services. As bloatware goes, Sony is quickly moving into a league of its own when other makers are retreating and doing more with less. Doubling up on Google’s own apps isn’t really a sound strategy, it makes us wonder if some of the preloaded apps make a big difference when the Google Play Store is chock full of alternatives and just a tap away. I haven’t used TrackID, because Shazam and Soundhound are at my disposal. I wouldn’t flip through Socialife for news, either, because I have a vast array of other options that do it better.. Xperia Lounge is one big repository for all things Sony or Sony-sponsored. The premise hasn’t changed here, with various offers, contests, and freebies accessible when signing in. The catch is that the Lounge is a central point, where opting in for something usually means being redirected to another app — sometimes to download. It’s a hands-on methodology that feels like an anachronism, especially when fewer Android devices nowadays present such a self-serving offering.. To be fair, Sony didn’t shove Xperia Lounge in my face, and I could ignore it easily, much like I could Samsung’s Galaxy Apps storefront on its devices. Still, it’s pretty pointless at this stage of the game.. The Xperia Z5 runs Android 5.1.1 out of the box, and Sony has promised that it will bring 6.0 Marshmallow to it “soon,” whenever that is. The company isn’t known for getting quick Android updates, which is a major downside for security-conscious users. As more crippling bugs and cyber attacks target Android phones, access to quick updates are of the utmost importance.. Qualcomm may have felt the pinch earlier this year over the heating issues related to the Snapdragon 810, but those fears have largely subsided by now. The Xperia Z5 is a solid performer, and miles ahead of the crash-prone handsets of the past. Indeed, this may be the most consistent and robust marriage of hardware and software I’ve seen from the company to date.. Sony’s commitment to water protection is refreshing and smart.. Everything felt fluid, and in spite of getting a little toasty when I pushed it really hard, the phone never felt too hot to touch. The only time things got overly warm was when I played PlayStation 4 games with Remote Play. It’s obvious just how much power the processor expends with Remote Play, whereas casual gaming doesn’t really raise the temperature of the device a great deal.. I will call out the fingerprint sensor for being difficult to use. Recognition is simply not on par with the sensor found on the iPhone, Samsung phones like the Galaxy S6 or Note 5 , the Nexus 6P and 5X , or the HTC One A9. I thought I had as much of my thumb covered as possible, but I often had to touch it two or three times for the sensor to finally register my print. To make matters worse, I grew to hate having to press the power button first to wake up the phone. You have to do the same thing on the iPhone, which is the main reason why I don’t use TouchID, either.. Sony doesn’t get the credit it deserves for the camera performance and features its Xperia phones offer. Unfortunately, the accolades will be harder to come by this year, because Sony’s competitors like Samsung, LG , and Huawei have made big advancements in smartphone photography this year.. Another key takeaway with the Xperia Z5’s camera is the context of how the sensor works. Yes, it is 23-megapixels, but only in manual mode. In Superior Auto, which automatically selects the proper scene mode, the quality goes down to 8 megapixels. Such a big drop would seem like a crippling drawback, but that’s not the case. Using something called oversampling, the camera takes the added detail captured in a 23-megapixel image and puts it into an 8-megapixel one, ostensibly resulting in better overall composition.. With software stabilization in place of optical image stabilization, low light and night shooting become an interesting exercise. Superior Auto was superb at knowing what I was shooting, and adjusting the scene accordingly. The lack of optical stabilization didn’t deter me, and I found shooting in low-light conditions was as good as it has been on previous Sony phones. That’s not to say noise doesn’t creep in. It does, and I did notice some purple in the fringes of certain shots — an issue that dogged a few previous Xperia handsets, too. It wasn’t as prevalent in this case, but seeing it again did surprise me.. Overall quality is good, but the sensor’s tendency to push too much into an image sometimes leads to a situation where detail is mixed with noise. The reasonably wide f/2.0 aperture does a good job of taking in light, but I would have been really curious to see what kind of output the Xperia Z5 would be capable of with a wider aperture and optical image stabilization.. I often had to touch the fingerprint sensor two or three times for it to finally register my print.. The manual mode is decent, though I was disappointed to see that shutter speed and focusing weren’t adjustable. Instead, I had white balance, ISO, and exposure to work with. Not bad, but not good enough when those three settings could tilt a photo too far. Too high an ISO, and noise seeps in. Too low an exposure, and not enough detail comes through. Being able to shift the shutter can make a big difference in balancing things, particularly for more challenging shots.. LG’s manual mode offers much more control, and Sony needs to step up its game to compete with the Korean company – especially now that others like Huawei are starting to offer manual controls, too.. Then there’s the litany of camera apps available through the main Camera app. Sony has long touted these as add-ons, and they can be useful or gimmicky, depending on your tastes. However you view it, there is plenty to choose from, though not all of the apps are free. Some take you straight to the Google Play Store to download.. Shooting video in 4K isn’t new for Sony, but it’s nice to have on the Xperia Z5, and fits well with the company’s 4K TVs. The only problem is that 4K footage hogs a lot of space. A minute of 4K video can take up to 400MB, so repeated shooting completely eats away at the phone’s internal storage. That’s probably why Sony set a five-minute limit per recording.. Sony also has a somewhat unheralded pedigree for getting battery life right. Its clever use of battery-saving modes like Stamina, really help eke out more life when there’s little juice left. This year, most smartphones struggled to make it through a full day, but the battery-saving mode helps a great deal. It may help even more once Marshmallow rolls out and Doze mode comes into play.. The Xperia Z5 can easily last a full 24 hours or more on light usage. When tasks like 4K recording, PS4 gaming, and other intense processes push the Z5, the phone can chug the battery, whittling it down faster. During testing, I didn’t have much to complain about, and even without wireless charging support, I could still charge it quickly using a Quick Charge adapter.. Up your game with these accessories, hand picked by DT editors:. Spigen Exact-fit Gunmetal Hard Case for Sony Xperia Z5. This case will keep your Xperia Z5 safe from drops and scratches without adding bulk or flash to the phone.. SanDisk Ultra 32GB microSDHC UHS-I Card with Adapter ($11). Double your storage and save all the 4K videos you want onto this MicroSD card, which will fit into the Xperia Z5.. Aukey Quick Charge 2.0 10400mAh Portable External Battery Power Bank Fast Charger ($20). This quick charging battery pack can juice your Xperia Z5 up when you’re on the go and running low on battery life.. Sony offers a 1-year manufacturer’s warranty from the date of purchase through the retailer or directly from the company itself. Outside North America, some countries benefit from a 2-year term, making the phone a good deal with two years of coverage for those living abroad.. Note that the warranty covers incidental damage, like the phone not turning on, battery failure, or something else that had no direct causation. Shattered screens, scratches, and other structural damage isn’t covered.. The Sony Xperia Z5 isn’t a flagship phone, and is also too expensive to be considered a true mid-range handset. It sits in something of a no-man’s land, yet has the goods to be more than serviceable. The issue is that the device doesn’t do enough to stand out in a crowded market, especially in a year where a number of good smartphones have been released. The Xperia Z5 Premium bests this model with its larger 4K display and more power under the hood.. At the time of this review, none of the U.S. carriers offered the phone, though it can work with AT&T and T-Mobile. Sony was also not selling it through its own channels in the U.S. Unlocked models have been available through online retailer, Expansys ,. which is selling it for $560. Amazon is also selling unlocked models from international stock with no warranty.. The Xperia Z5 Premium is about $100 more, and we’d recommend it over the regular Z5. When it comes down to it, Sony’s phones aren’t worth the extra effort to buy in the U.S. You’re better off getting the Nexus 6P , one of Samsung’s new Galaxy phones , or the LG G4. or V10 – all of which offer most of the same specs for about the same price or slightly more.. LG’s phones are the best contenders for your attention, if you’re really interested in the photography powers of the Xperia Z5, but don’t want to buy the Sony phone. Both the G4 and the V10 offer manual camera modes, a 16-megapixel sensor, and 4K video recording. Unfortunately, Sony’s Xperia Z5 just isn’t different enough, powerful enough, or beautiful enough to convince U.S. buyers to put in the extra effort and money to buy one.. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Sony's last Z series phone packs some impressive tech. The Xperia Z5 is a huge improvement on the Xperia Z3+ with a new fingerprint sensor and a sexy design, but there are still a few little issues stopping it from getting that perfect score.. Save £99 on the Xperia Z5 with Black Friday code BLAFRIZ5 Sony Xperia Z5 price and release date Over a year old now, the Xperia Z5 price has dropped dramatically It originally cost $599 or £549 (about AU$1,144) Now you can pick it up for the price of $412 or £429 (about AU$689) Design. Something feels different with the Sony Xperia Z5. After years of too-hasty handset updates from Sony with minimal enhancements (the Xperia Z3+ back in May was no exception), this finally feels like a worthwhile advance on the previous model.. The problem is, does anyone really need a new phone from Sony? The Xperia Z1 only launched in 2013, the same year as the Samsung Galaxy Note 3. That's not very long ago at all – one upgrade cycle for people stuck in two year contracts, who will now be getting a phone four iterations along the line if they stay Sony-loyal.. But the Xperia Z5 feels like a different tack from Sony, and after the mess of the Xperia Z3+ it's good to see some real change.. Sony has also followed Microsoft's Windows 10 example and skipped a number, for the non-Japanese market at least: the Xperia Z3+ was called the Xperia Z4 in Japan, a muddle that the company has now resolved by jumping straight to Z5.. Sony's Xperia Z5 comes alongside the Xperia Z5 Compact and the Xperia Z5 Premium. The Xperia Z5 sits in the middle of the price scale and the same goes for its specs.. Originally the Xperia Z5 price was set at $599 or £549 (about AU$1,144) but there's been a price drop since the announcement of the Xperia X and Xperia XZ .. You can pick up the phone for $412 or £429 (about AU$689), but it's a little bit harder to come across because it has now been replaced by the Xperia XZ .. You'll be able to grab it from Amazon or some smaller retailers though if you take a look around for it.. Sony needed to fix up the design of its Xperia Z series and there have been some big changes this time. It's still angular and glass-backed, but this time it's a frosted material instead of the clear glass we've seen on every iteration since the Xperia Z1.. The edges have been rounded off a little more and the placement of the buttons on one edge has been switched.. Colour choices for the Xperia Z5 are green, black, gold and white – all of which look great, although the gold version in the most refined. I had the black and gold versions in for my review. Previously the backs of Sony phones have been fingerprint magnets, but this new frosted glass shrugs off marks and looks a lot classier from behind than the Xperia Z3+.. The branding is a little more tasteful this time. The Xperia name is etched into the side of the phone and I love the fact Sony has included the NFC logo here too. It makes it easy to know where to tap, and is a trick some other Android manufacturers could learn from (I'm looking at you, LG).. Dimensions: 146 x 72 x 7.3mm. The camera sits at the top left corner with the flash just below it, and there's also a little note of the sensor details.. Sony has smoothed down the edges on the Xperia Z5 as well. A couple of generations ago, these felt rather sharp on the palm of your hand, so this is a welcome improvement. Even though the design of the Xperia Z5 still feels blocky, it's much more comfortable to hold than the Xperia Z2.. The corners also have caps that help to absorb the impact when you drop it – a feature that was introduced on the Xperia Z3 but still feels like a big advantage of the Sony Z series.. There's only one flap on the Xperia Z5, and that's to cover the microSD and nano SIM slots. The rest of the ports around the phone are waterproof and so don't need the extra protection that Sony has applied with such zeal to earlier phones.. Fewer flaps is a great thing – you don't have the nuisance of pulling them out to charge up your phone at night or need to worry about breaking them off (which does happen: I managed to do it quite easily to the Xperia Z2 Tablet).. Along the top edge of the Xperia Z5 is the waterproof 3.5mm headphone jack, and the bottom edge hosts the microUSB port for charging and data transfer.. The right hand edge is quite different to other Xperia phones. The power button has been moved down to halfway along the edge. It's now silver and sits flush with the edge of the phone. This is also where the fingerprint sensor is – a great position for your right thumb when you're holding the phone. Sadly, the Sony Xperia Z5 in US any sort of the biometric power button.. Down at the bottom of the right hand edge is the camera button. It's in the perfect position for taking snaps in landscape, but not so good in portrait. Between those two is the volume rocker, and this really does feel badly positioned.. The volume rocker should sit above the power button, where it would be easier to reach. Every time I tried to change the volume, I'd lose my grip and the phone would almost slip out of my hand.. If you're left-handed it might be a perfect position for your finger tips, although the rest of the button layout will be much less satisfactory.. Design on the front of the phone hasn't changed much. The bezels at the side of the screen have been slightly slimmed down to allow a smaller phone without a change in screen size.. I wouldn't have a problem with the thick bezels across the top and bottom of the screen if each housed speakers or had some other function. The top bar does include the front facing camera, flash and earpiece, but it's not anything that couldn't be included in a slimmer line.. Next Page Display and key features. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
At IFA 2015 in Berlin, Sony unveiled new devices in the Z5 series. The Xperia Z5, Xperia Z5 Compact, and Xperia Z5 Premium. Running the new phones is the Snapdragon 810 processor, with 2GB of RAM in the Compact, and 3GB in the Z5 and Z5 Premium.. The regular Xperia Z5 is a 5.2-inch device with a 1080p display and 2,900mAh battery, while the Xperia Z5 Compact downsizes to a 4.6-inch 720p screen and a 2,700mAh battery. The Z5 Premium boasts a 5.5-inch 4K Ultra HD display at 3840x2160 resolution, making for a ridiculous 806 pixels per inch. It's the world's first 4K smartphone, and though you might expect that insane resolution to drain the battery, Sony still claims it can offer "up to two days" usage on the Z5 Premium, with its 3,430mAh battery.. Reviewed: The Sony Xperia Z5 Premium. Sony's making a lot of noise about the Xperia Z5 Premium, not least because it's the first smartphone in the world to hit the market with an eye-popping 4K display. But does the world first deserve your attention or is it just hype? This is our full review.. Reviewed: Sony Xperia Z5 and Z5 Compact. Back in September, Sony launched not one, not two, but three flagship smartphones in the Xperia series. The highest end one is still a little ways off but you can go out and buy an Xperia Z5 or Z5 Compact today. But should you? Here's our full review.. Nougat update starts rolling out to the Xperia Z5 and Z5 Premium. Sony is now rolling out the Nougat update to the Xperia Z5 and Z5 Premium, with the Xperia Z5 Compact, Xperia Z3+ and Xperia Z4 Tablet next to receive Android 7.0.. Sony makes the Xperia Z5 Premium available in pink. Sony has announced that the Xperia Z5 Premium will be available in pink from the start of May. The company shared details on the official Xperia blog, detailing the upcoming variant of the premium-looking 4K smartphone.. Giffgaff knocks £50 off the Xperia Z5 Compact. Giffgaff has announced the UK MVNO has knocked £50 off the price of the Sony Xperia Z5 Compact. This promotion will be running throughout the month of April, offering ample time for consumers to take advantage of this deal.. A second opinion on the Sony Xperia Z5. The Xperia Z5 impressed us when it launched in Europe, but does it have what it takes to sell well in the U.S. market? Our full review answers that question.. Marshmallow update coming to global Sony Xperia Z5. Owners of the global version of the Sony Xperia Z5, along with the Xperia Z5 Premium and Xperia Z5 Compact, should see an update rolling out that will bring Android 6.0 Marshmallow to the smartphones.. Xperia Z5, Z4 Tablet and Z3+ may get Marshmallow in March. The official Twitter account for Sony UK has shared a date for when Marshmallow is expected to be released for the Xperia Z5, Z4 Tablet and Z3+. Should the information be accurate, owners of the aforementioned mobile devices can look to see Android 6.0 arrive on March 7.. Sony Xperia Z5 and Z5 Compact get discounted at Amazon. If you're in the market for Sony's Xperia Z5 or Xperia Z5 Compact, you may want to check out Amazon's deal, as the retailer has slashed the price of the phones by up to $60. This drops the price of the phones down to $539 and $449 respectively.. Sony Xperia Z5 and Z5 Compact now available in the U.S. A quick heads up that the Sony Xperia Z5 and Z5 Compact, as promised, are now available in the U.S. sony bringing the Xperia Z5 and Z5 Compact to the U.S. Sony has announced that both the Xperia Z5 and Z5 Compact will launch in the U.S. Priced at $599.99 and $499.99 respectively, the two smartphones will be available unlocked and will support GSM networks.. You can now buy a pink Xperia Z5. If the standard color options of the Xperia Z5 aren't to your liking, you can now get the phone in a "sophisticated pink" variant.. How does Sony's best stack up against the Nexus 6P?. Sony's latest high-ender, the Xperia Z5 Premium packs about as much hardware as you could shove into a phone right now. So let's see how it does up against the incumbent king, the Nexus 6P.. Is 4K on a phone something we actually need?. Sony is ahead of the game when it comes to 4K displays on smartphones, but is it something we really need yet? If ever?. Xperia Z5 premium unboxing and first look. Sony's 4K display toting Xperia Z5 Premium has landed in our hot little hands so here's an unboxing and a quick first look at the new flagship.. Sony pushes update for its Xperia Z5 line camera app. Sony's Xperia Z5 has received a lot of praise for its camera, and now the company is looking to make the experience even better. An update is rolling out now, the one which was previewed at IFA, which simplifies the interface and makes it easier overall.. To get the Sony Xperia Z5 or the Xperia Z5 Compact?. So, you're lining up a new Sony Xperia Z5 as your next smartphone purchase. But which one is right for you? The 'regular' Z5 or the Z5 Compact? Here we try to help you make that decision.. Front camera stopped working on Sony Z5 compact after battery replaced. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The Sony Xperia Z5 was announced by the Japanese manufacturer in September 2015. It features a 5.2" 1080P IPS LCD display, 2GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor, 3GB of RAM and 32GB internal storage, which can be expanded by up to 200GB with microSD. The rear shooter sports a hefty 23MP sensor, with phase detection autofocus and 4K video recording, while the front shooter has a 5.1MP sensor with 1080P video recording. Other features of the Sony Xperia Z5 include a fingerprint sensor, IP68 certification, meaning it's dustproof and waterproof, and it's powered by a 2900mAh battery.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Xperia Z5 Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting. Rom List : Sony Xperia Z5. Xperia Z5 Real Life Review Xperia Z5 General Xperia Z5 Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Xperia Z5 Accessories Xperia Z5 Android Development Xperia Z5 Original Android Development Xperia Z5 Themes and Apps. Most Active Sony Xperia Z5 Topics. [Z5/Z5D][Dual/Single][.54][ROM] Kryptonian Nougat - TROAwesomeness [25/12/2017]. [Request] Systemui XZs for Z5 7.1.1. [MOD][THERMAL FIX] FSC™ 2.2 Improve performance & Eliminate heat. More Xperia Z5 Real Life Review Threads. [FTF][Android 7.1.1][ROOT][R/W][32.4.A.1.54] E66xx + Patched Kernels (Google Drive). E6653 Flash E6603 US Firmware & Enable Fingerprint Scanner. XDA Xperians Z5 WhatsApp group [Only for Z5 devices]. Sony XPERIA Z5 with Android 7.1.1 LineageOS XPERIA edition. [ ROM release ] [2017-10-28] 1.54] | Z5_ROM | 7.1.1 | stable power saving | black dom. Xperia Z5 Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting. LineageOS 14.1 How to customize Audio？. Please help me - relock bootloader. Z5 Dual, Blinking Red Notification pulse.. More Xperia Z5 Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Threads. Xperia Z5 Cases and Covers thread. Resurrection Remix 5.8.5 for Xperia Z5 (Unofficial, unified). [ROM] SlimX REBORN [Extreme Battery Life] [BEST BATTERY LIFE!]. [Z5/Z5D][Dual/Single][.54][ROM] Kryptonian Nougat - TROAwesomeness [25/12/2017]. [ROOT][Kernel][TWRP] repack of the stock kernel with dm-verity and SONY RIC off. More Xperia Z5 Android Development Threads. [Kernel][7.1.1] SunKernel Pedigree Z5 for LineageOS [sumire]. More Xperia Z5 Original Android Development Threads. [MOD][7.1][.54][ODEX/DEODEX] Night Mode and Headset notifier enabler. [Request] Systemui XZs for Z5 7.1.1. [MOD][MM][Z5/Z5C/Z5P] N-style Xperia XZ SystemUI v3.1 (Upd 22/11). Share Your Xperia™*Z5 Homescreen Here With Everyone.*. [MOD][32.4.A.0.160 & 32.4.A.1.54]Ambient Display Z5 7.1.1 MOD. More Xperia Z5 Themes and Apps Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
account Coverage Deals Devices Plans & Services. T-mobile.com | Español Account Check your usage Coverage Deals Rebates Promotional Credits Devices Choose a device SIM cards Software updates Tutorials Plans & Services DIGITS T-Mobile ONE JUMP! Manage your data service News & Updates Ask our community Contact Us Log In / Sign Up. Support Ask our community Log in / Register Support. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. You can not post a blank message. Please type your message and try again.. Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. Latest reply on Feb 29, 2016 12:30 PM by tidbits. xsd29 Jan 18, 2017 2:31 AM. Sony in my opinion offers an incredible phone line up. One of the main reasons I am loyal to T-Mobile is due to Sony. I've had mostly Sony Phones over the years with T-Mobile and I am looking for T-Mobile to carry the latest high end Sony Xperia Z5 with 4K display. With fingerprint sensor on the Power Button and Camera technology like the Alphas series of Cameras.. please carry this phone this Fall or as soon as it comes out.. Sony fans out there please let T-Mobile know that you want this phone as well.. This content has been marked as final.. Show 37 replies. Like Show 3 Likes (3). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to xsd29 ). Sony brings a new phone out 6 months at a time they might as well wait for Z6. Which will probably have the 820 instead of the 810.. Like Show 1 Likes (1). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to tidbits ). You hope it's not offered as an option because Sony's release cycle is too short?. Especially since the Z4 didn't/doesn't exist in the US.. Who knows what, if anything they'll have available in 6 months.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to bufforange ). Sony has generally always been late to the US market and treating them like second rate. Z3 did have the shortest wait between releases and that was probably thanks to T-Mobile. Even the Z5c is rumored not to come to the North American. You can always import if you want it bad enough. I done it with various Xperia devices. Z ultra for example was 8 months between release in Europe and NA models.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to tidbits ). No arguing their release/marketing is confusing at best and that they basically thumb their nose @ the US.. The Z5 currently isn't even listed on their US site, only on global & UK, wtf?. Still, if it's a good phone and the bands are compatible..it is a good option to have.. But ya probably have to order via 3rd party.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to bufforange ). Samsung did the same with the Note 5 and S6 Edge +. USA has it but EU doesn't.. I think for the Xperia line it's always been Sony marketing that fails them. Not many people if you randomly ask them. Have you tried an Xperia phone? They often respond with what's that? or Who makes that?. Sony needs to stop making phones every 6 months and move to a 1 year and actually push their best instead of makes 10 different phones. Xperia Z5 Budget (or give it another name. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to bufforange ). To top it off Z4 was announced so recently and bam Z5c was released. Keep in mind the Z4 technically doesn't exist as they called it the Z3+ in their own country and not the Z4.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to tidbits ). and after that you will say ohh wait 6 more months for z7. this is an high end phone and great specs. i would definitely buy one and jump to the z6 later on if they will have it.. Like Show 1 Likes (1). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to poweruser07 ). Actually, I don't have enough time to wait, so I ordered it on Amazon, and I am so happy with my decision even though it was expensive. Anyways Friday is my birthday so.... Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to jonesmiller ). hey jones? so what do you think?? do you love it? i'm considering the same.. ordering an unlocked z5 from uk.. does tmobile insurance cover this phone??. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to yellowli ). It does not cover phones bought outside T-Mobile. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to tidbits ). im not quite sure that is entirely true.. i actually broke my old htc.. and am now on an old iphone (from att) and my insurance actually updated (decreased my monthly payments knowing that the iphone im using now is 5 years old) so it looks like they are covering it.. just not sure how the policy works when it's an international phone... Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to yellowli ). buy a device that was never in T-Mobile line up and your insurance will not cover it. You'll get a letter saying so. I know this because I have insurance and I use various devices and if I have an device like my 1520 I will get a mailing telling me so.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to tidbits ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to yellowli ). I go through phones like kids go through candy.. Current Assurant wasting get paper on me every time I switch to my Moto X, 1520, Xperia ZL and Ultra.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to tidbits ). i would probably do the same.. but then i fall in love with a phone.. and then it's quite impossible to tear it from my hand.. most of the time with age, the upgrades are no longer supported.. so i have to retire a phone... i'm quite in love with this new sony z5.. so im trying to figure out what to do.... im guessing none of your sonys are supported by assurant?. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to yellowli ). Nope as T-Mobile never sold those two phones.. The did cover my HTC One M7 and M8 but those were sold my T-Mobile.. They'll just give you a T-Mobile branded version. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to tidbits ). Actually, reports indicate that it might take a while before we will se the Z6 this time around:. It also makes sense, sense it seems as if they are aiming high with the Z5.. Like Show 2 Likes (2). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to xsd29 ). I also would like the Xperia Z5 on T-Mobile. I love my Z3 but I would Jump! the day the Z5 came out. Like Show 1 Likes (1). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to xsd29 ). I have the Z1s and would love to upgrade to Z5, the camera looks like it is the one to beat now. I know that I can get it outside of t-mobile but would love to get it carrier approved and with fully support for their networks.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to xsd29 ). This is a huge deal for whatever carrier who picks up the Z5 line-up. Just in terms of being able to market 4K is a big thing, and especially from a carrier standpoint. Too bad Sony has a wobbly relationship with US carriers. I really hope T-mobile picks it up, 'cause the reviews are raving, but still no word. The Sony phones I have had in the past were just remarkable.. If T-mobile refuses to pick up the Z5 line-up, then luckily I am going to Europe in November to pick it up there, since my LG L90 was ruined by LG's 'Lollipop' update (huge fail LG), or I will switch to whatever carrier that picks it up if any.. Like Show 1 Likes (1). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to xsd29 ). I'm all in for the Z5. I don't have an issue with their product cycles. Yes I'd wish they would give me more time to hold their top tiered device but that by no means prevents me from wanting their device.. @Johnlegere put the wheels in motion to get these phones. I'm ready to switch from my One+ 1. I'll prepay for the Z5....at least make it available online.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to doasisay ). Why not just buy it some Sony directly?. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to tidbits ). Getting it through the carrier allows me to spread the cost of the. device without incurring interest as you would with a credit card purchase.. Relevant for me as I'm not a baller so I don't have that amount of money. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to xsd29 ). I absolutely agree! The Sony Xperia line changed everything for me in this tech savvy genera we live in today. I'm pretty much a computer illiterate middle-aged man and in my opinion that's not a bad thing. I'm a fourth generation farmer born on the farm and took over operations from my father as he did from his and so forth. Needless to say computers and video games were not something I was around during my youth and didn't have a lot of experience with. Nowadays it seems everything is associated with some type of electronic device people use just to live day to day. I have always been behind this culture mainly due to plain resentment and a general lack of uncommon ground. Now I'm playing catch up seeing everything I do for a living having go in the same direction as society and social media. Sony's Xperia line has been the most instrumental thing in helping me overcome my electronic illiteracy. Every phone I've owned since my first Xperia (I'm have the z3 now) has been so simple to operate and learn it's functions compared to any other phone I've ever had!. Amazingly easy and also amazingly awesome at the same time! If T Mobile will not carry the Z5 I will be switching to Verizon end of story!!!. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to xsd29 ). Unfortunately, it clearly states online that T-Mobile will not be carrying the Z5. With the advertisement that this phone is getting with the James Bond movie, it could finally make a Sony phone be pretty popular.. Sony has said many times that they want their phones to be more popular in the US market well here is the chance, and they are gonna blow it. Not to mention Nexus/Google is doing the exact same. Oh well I guess I'm going from my Z3 to the new LG V10 it's the best choice right now. I wish T-Mobile would change their mind,. like now and I would absolutely get the Z5 oh well maybe they'll carry the Z6 next year.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to shellis1 ). Unfortunately, it clearly states online that T-Mobile will not be carrying the Z5. With the advertisement that this phone is getting with the James Bond movie, it could finally make a Sony phone be pretty popular.. Sony has said many times that they want their phones to be more popular in the US market well here is the chance, and they are gonna blow it. Not to mention Nexus/Google is doing the exact same. Oh well I guess I'm going from my Z3 to the new LG V10 it's the best choice right now. I wish T-Mobile would change their mind,. like now and I would absolutely get the Z5 oh well maybe they'll carry the Z6 next year.. The US is starting to get away from the old carrier models and people to BYOD.. If you want the Z5 you can still buy it and use it on T-Mobile.. The Nexus is not carrier purchase anymore, and it will not be in the hear future(Googles own words).. This model is the best model as it separates support where it should have never been in the first place.. Manufacturers need to support their products not hide behind carriers and charge carriers for additional support(see Europe as the difference it makes).. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to tidbits ). It's really nice for those of us who don't make 6 figure salary,. to get the new phones through our carrier and divide it up into payments.. If all manufacturers go that route I'll never get a new phone. I have 7 people on my plan can't afford that many new phones every year. So I'm really hoping your wrong on your theory there, sorry.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to shellis1 ). Then you don't need to buy a new phone every year. Maybe manufacturers will actually make their phones last longer than they currently do and actually put more support into their older devices. We are already headed that way. Why do you think 2 of the 4 major carriers no longer offer device contracts while 4 of the 4 major carriers have an option to forgo the contract and lower your bill for buying outright.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to shellis1 ). Just saving $25 a month for 2 years = is $600. By that time chances are you can sell your phone for $150-200 easy. That's enough to buy a new phone every 2 years.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to tidbits ). Oh that carrier average savings is roughly $25 per month. That's where the $25 a month comes from. So its up to you to save your money if you want a new phone or not.. Also manufacturers might have their own payment plans like Apple does right now.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to tidbits ). That is why I like buying my phones through the carrier. I can get a new phone through Jump, every year. As long as phones are available through T-Mobile that is how my family will get phones. All I said was I wish T-Mobile would carry the Z5. Not looking for a night long debate over phones, and how you but phones through carrier or not.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to xsd29 ). For those of us still holding out hope that T-Mobile will offer this phone.. It was just announced that Sony will release the Z5 and Z5 Compact US versions on February 7, 2016.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to whiterabbit75 ). Without a fingerprint scanner and such.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to whiterabbit75 ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to orchestra22 ). Yes it is already for sale, but it doesn't have a fingerprint scanner like the Europe/Asian counterpart.. Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to tidbits ). Xperia™ Z5 – Our best camera phone - Sony Xperia (United States). Xperia™ Z5 Compact – Sony’s best compact smartphone - Sony Xperia (United States). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Re: Sony Xperia Z5 - Bring it on T-Mobile. ( in response to xsd29 ). Find ways to contact us now. Español About Investor relations Press Careers Deutsche Telekom Puerto Rico Privacy Policy Privacy & Security Resources Consumer Information Public Safety/911 TERMS & CONDITIONS Terms of Use Accessibility Open Internet. Other T-Mobile sites My T-Mobile T-Mobile.com T-Mobile Prepaid T-Mobile Puerto Rico T-Mobile Refer-a-Friend. Popular tasks Check coverage Check order status Find a store Refill your Prepaid account Shop phones, tablets, & accessories Trade in your device Unlock your device. Business Wireless that works for your business Business support. Featured Services JUMP! Stateside International Napster unRadio. 
Unboxing, 360-degree spin, design and build quality 3. Multimedia - gallery, players, FM radio, audio quality 8. Camera: features, image and video quality 9. Web browser and other apps 10. Sony Xperia Z5 specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (194). 5.2" 16M-color 1080 x 1920 IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen with X Reality for Mobile, Triluminos technology and Dynamic Contrast Enhancer; scratch-resistant glass, oleophobic coating. Android OS v5.1.1 Lollipop with Xperia launcher. Octa-core Qualcomm MSM8994 Snapdragon 810, feat. a quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 and quad-core 2 GHz Cortex-A57 and an Adreno 430 GPU and 3GB RAM. 23 MP camera with 2160p@30fps video recording; 5.1 MP front-facing camera with 1080p@30fps video. 32GB of built-in storage and a microSD card slot. LTE Cat.4 (150Mbps)/Cat.6 (300Mbps), depending on the region; Dual-band Wi-Fi a/b/g/n/ac; A-GPS/GLONASS receiver, Bluetooth v4.1, FM radio with RDS. Active noise cancellation with a dedicated mic. IP68 certified - dust and water proof up to 1.5 meter and 30 minutes. Screen bezels are wider than the Xperia Z3+. Heavier and thicker than the Xperia Z3+. With the Xperia Z5 family, Sony has definitely piqued the interest of the public, delivering not one, but three flagship devices. The Z5 Premium is the world first 4K screen phone, while the Xperia Z5 compact is a powerhouse device with a small footprint.. This, however, puts the regular Z5 in somewhat of an odd spot. For the first time ever, the standard "Z" model is not the "latest and greatest" Sony has to offer. It also almost identical to the Z3+, while being quite a bit more expensive.. But reading the specs on paper really doesn't reveal the extent in which To really see the Z5 for what it is and understand all the work Sony has put into making it a familiar, yet refined device, we have to dig deeper. That is just what we intend to do in the following pages - to see just how different the Z5 is from the Z3+, what has changed and what has been preserved. To discover if the Z5 is Sony's flagship savior, or just a fixed-up Z3+, bound to stay underappreciated amidst its superstar siblings.. It is quite obvious that specs-wise the Sony Xperia Z5 does not disappoint. The handset is powered by Qualcomm's top-of-the-line Qualcomm MSM8994 Snapdragon 810 chip, along with an Adreno 430 GPU, 3GB of RAM and 32GB of onboard storage. That also happens to be the case with the Z3+. Similarities extend even further to the 5.2-inch FullHD display that also seems to be shared between the two models. In fact, the only significant hardware differences between the pair are the fingerprint reader and the camera.. Sony is betting big on its new multi-aspect 23MP sensor, which is being marketed as the Z5's major feature. However, the same shooter is actually present in the Z5 Compact and Z5 Premium as well, so it is not quite as exclusive to the model as Sony would have you believe. It's nonetheless an excellent camera and we can't wait to put it to use.. But let's not get ahead of ourselves. The most important thing is that the Z5 Compact promises to learn from the Z3+ and its mistakes and excel where it failed. That's alone is enough to warrant a full length review. Unboxing, 360-degree spin, design and build quality. Unboxing, 360-degree spin, design and build quality 3. Multimedia - gallery, players, FM radio, audio quality 8. Camera: features, image and video quality 9. Web browser and other apps 10. Sony Xperia Z5 specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (194). Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Sony's official Xperia XZ2 videos explain the new design and features. Sony officially unveils its new Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact flagships. Watch Sony unveil the Xperia XZ2 live here at 8:30 CET. Sony Xperia XZ1 drops to $495 in US. 
Community Home Verizon Community Verizon Community Homepage Explore Topics People Content Announcements. Explore Search Sign In / Register Register 0 Sign In. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Topics > Android > Discussions. You can not post a blank message. Please type your message and try again.. Latest reply on Nov 12, 2015 8:10 AM by KeyWestReactor. Rabids Oct 6, 2015 9:44 PM. Tags: none ( add ). Will Verizon carry the Sony Xperia Z5?. It looks to be one of the best phones of the current generation of flagships. I would expect the biggest US carrier to have it.. I have the same question Show 0 Likes (0). This content has been marked as final.. Show 12 replies. ( in response to Rabids ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). After the huge [removed] with the z4v situation, I wouldn't be surprised if we see a [removed] version next summer. Though, I hear rumorels (from unconfirmed sony reps) that verizon is trying to get the z5 out by the end of november.. Personal information removed as required by the Verizon Wireless Terms of Service. ( in response to Rabids ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Along with fallout from the mishandling of the z4v , there has been a report (read that "rumor") that the z5 will be announced in November (possibly "late" November).. There has been no word from Verizon though, so the only response you'll get in this forum for now will be "watch our news page for announcements of new phones".. There's a substantial topic running in the Sony sub-section within this site that you may prefer to follow:. When will Verizon Get the Sony Xperia z5?. ( in response to Rabids ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). I have been following this phone since I first heard the rumor about it. Sure hope Verizon brings it to the US. All the other phones don't seem to stand close to the xperia since it has front speakers and waterproofing. Please release it so I can get rid of my note 3!. ( in response to Rabids ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Congratulations Verizon my LG g2 is now completely dead and there is still no Sony phone. Since you canceled the Z4v you have absolutely no phone that interests me at all. Might have to switch to a carrier that has GSM instead of CDMA so I can actually use a Sony phone. The Z3+ is now available in the US on amazon, but it only works on GSM networks.. ( in response to Thorns ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Thorns We would be so sad to see a loyal customer leave! Lets get your phone working again. What is going on with your LG? ChristopherM_VZW Follow us on TWITTER @VZWSupport If my response answered your question please click the _Correct Answer_ button under my response. This ensures others can benefit from our conversation. Thanks in advance for your help with this!!. ( in response to Rabids ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Well it looks like i'm going to go with the Driod Turbo 2. Has close to what i wanted in a phone pretty much the same specs as the z4V just a better battery.. ( in response to EvilDragonX ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Droid Turbo 2 is nice, but NOT WATERPROOF..... ( in response to KeyWestReactor ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Yeah, i know, just got really tired of waiting and didn't want to go to a samsung. Got my turbo 2 on frrday and love it.. ( in response to EvilDragonX ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). I was wondering if you had used the droid 2 turbo in low reception areas and how it handles?. Home | Top of page. Verizon Wireless Community Software Version: 8.0.3.1 , revision: 20160414082626.1619a91.release_8.0.3.x. 
Sign up for our weekly newsletter!. News Reviews Articles Buying Guide Sample Images Videos Cameras Lenses Phones Printers Forums Galleries Challenges. Help DPReview: Take our visitor survey!. 23MP 1/2.3-inch Exmor RS BSI CMOS multi-aspect image sensor. 5MP front camera, 25mm equivalent focal length. DPReview smartphone reviews are written with the needs of photographers in mind. We focus on camera features, performance, and image quality.. With its 5.2-inch 1080p screen the Xperia Z5 is the mid-size and mid-resolution model in Sony's updated Xperia Z line. Essentially, it differs from the Z5 Premium and Compact only in screen size and resolution. But for the first time since the Xperia Z1 there has been significant change in the camera module and a 23MP 1/2.3-inch multi-aspect BSI CMOS sensor is paired with an F2.0 lens and dual-LED flash. hybrid AF system, which combines contrast and phase detect technologies, should mean improved focus performance as well.. The camera app has also received a long overdue makeover. The user interface has been simplified and the 23MP full resolution mode is now also available in Superior Auto, which previously had been limited to 8MP. A Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 chip set provides top-end computing power and as before, the new model is. waterproof with a coverless microUSB port. Sony has maintained the predecessors' angular design language and only made minor changes to the Z5's appearance. Read our full review to find out how the hardware and software modifications impact camera performance.. We've considered every aspect of the Sony Xperia Z5. We examined the user interface of the native camera app and its special features. We experimented with the camera's performance when taking stills and video, and had a play with the device's many special feature modes.. Tags: review , mobile , android , sony. Sony Xperia Z5 results on Amazon.com. Sony Xperia Z5 E6683 32GB White, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty $294.99 Shop now Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 3GB/32GB 23MP 5.2-inch 4G LTE Factory Unlocked (WHITE) - International Stock No Warranty $299.99 Shop now Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty) $226.99 Shop now Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 Factory Unlocked Phone, 5.5-Inch 4K UHD Display, Gold International Version $404.99 Shop now Sony Xperia XZs - Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB - Dual SIM - Black (US Warranty) $393.10 Shop now. It is important to note that while Sony claim the camera is 23MP it is ONLY TRUE WHEN USING THEIR APP. The have a broken interface that means that it is impossible for any other app to get more than 8.3MP. This is important of use use a scanner app, a better camera app, or any other custom camera application. It's a very misleading claim by Sony.. That is not true any more. There are some other good apps that can use the full resolution, eg. Is there an advantage for us sony mirrorless camera users if we have a sony phone?... or is the iPhone or samsung still better for WiFi and nfc connectivity.. A little late, but for other users: The physical shutter button behaves like it should when remotely controlling a camera. I.e., half-press to focus, full press to capture.. All the praise, and it's almost as horrendous as my Z3's.. I can easily agree regarding the Z3. Although the detail level is good in bright light, colors are completely wrong (always to magenta) and when ISO just slightly increases, the images are mostly unusable and don't have any good colors. However, seeing this review, at least it seems that Sony is adressing some issues regarding the colors. But I still agree with you, I think there are better options out for a camera phone.. Have been using Z5 for ~2 months and i'm keeping it. no shutter lag on mine , i like the camera button thing very very much. the 24mm has become a nice scouting camera for my landscape/street photography. Hi, I was seriously thinking of moving from my Z1 Compact to the Z5 given the specs & the DXO review. However, like others on here I'm concerned about the IQ of the photos I've seen so far. Would it be possible to post some straight out of camera photos please, so that I could see "real world" examples. Sure, these must be some pretty special sausages because a security guy "reprimanded" me about taking shots of dried sausages ..well http://www.dpreview.com/galleries/0627397243/photos/3397884/z5 an older one http://www.dpreview.com/galleries/0627397243/photos/3397880/z5. They seem very clear towards the middle but soft / out of focus / smeared towards the edges. i think what you mention as smeared is what i call wide angle field curvature. same problem with the big boys though ( : http://petapixel.com/2015/04/02/testing-the-sigma-24mm-f1-4-art-lens-against-lenses-by-major-manufacturers/. of course you dont want field curvature but with wide angles it's there and it's for the photoq to manage. it potentially disturbs the scene , yep i know.. "The Sony Xperia Z5 is certainly no slouch in general operation and even challenging tasks are undertaken swiftly and responsively. " - Yeah, the app opens fast, but what about the shutter lag? My HTC Butterfly s seems less laggy than the Z5, which always captures one frame after you press the shutter.. Previous model Z2 and Z3 phones already did not use glass.. Maybe the new plastic looks less convincingly like glass, but that's not new.. "Xperia Z5 delivers a design difference you can feel. A metal frame with precision engraving. And a frosted glass back that’s both gentle on the eye and cool to the touch.". Yes, they wrote the same thing about the Z2 and mine turned out to have a plastic back anyway, after I walked around with it for 6 months believing it was glass.. There is a distinct possibility, that they ship different versions to different regions. Some may have glass, others may have plastic / polycarbonate or whatever it is.. Certainly, glass could both be a good thing or a bad thing - less easy to scratch but could shatter.. I tend to put a protective foil on both sides and call it a day. Your Xperia device might have been a clone. It should be fairly easy to check, refer to relevant xda forums or ask Sony.. No, it wasn't a clone, I took it to Sony and I think they would have both told me and refused to repair it if that was the case.... I have a Z5 Compact and in low light, high-contrast scenes the camera produces horrible blue tints on the edges in dark areas. It's especially noticeable in videos shot in such conditions and you can easily find out more by googling "Sony Z5 blue tint".. Could you test to see if your unit produces such noise? The artifact is simply not acceptable and I find it strange that no review site mentioned it so far. Maybe you should diversify and standardize your tests?. "The main difference is that the back is now plastic instead of glass which means it doesn't quite have the same premium feel as before. On the upside, it's not constantly smeared with fingerprints and arguably less likely to shatter in a fall". I thought the back was glass, as definitely is my E6653. Was the OP reviewing another model perhaps?. I thought for a long time that the back of my Z2 was real glass, because I read about it being glass. I only found out it wasn't glass after it came off from the internal battery swelling and pushing it out (after 6 months of ownership). As I went to remove the back panel completely, I found it was far more flexible than any real glass could possibly be.. If you really "know" that your back is glass, because you had it off at any point, it would point to the possibility of the Z line being equipped with different types of back panels, depending on what markets they are going to. (My Z2 was bought at the Hong Kong airport, for example). Created an account just to post this. Was hoping to find a review of the camera from someone who actually knows what theyre talking about.. But those photos dont look good while you say its an excellent camera???. Look at this comparison with the iphone 6S plus: http://www.techradar.com/au/news/photography-video-capture/cameras/sony-xperia-z5-camera-tested-in-depth-1309361/6. Sony's 20+ MP sensors do not take photos, they take smeared greasy paintings.. Joe, did you look at the samples taken at ISO40? Flagship phones from other brands do much better and even the One Plus 2 does and that phone now costs 30% less than the Z5. But you have to look for yourself to see it. There are more than enough samples in this review.. I had Sony XH50V, some pictures at ISO100-200 are like paintings at %100 magnification. Sony MUST produce 8-10MP sensors, then I'd reconsider them.. Uh, that camera's nearly 3 years old. A LOT has happened since then, especially with Sony sensors.. What happened for example? I see no noticeable difference between HX50V samples and newer Sony compact cameras actually.. Surprised at the soft corners visible at "normal sizes".. a lot of people have complained about it, especially on the left side where on several units it is very noticeable. I had mine repaired by Sony but now it seems some dust got into the lens (visible when light shines at a certain angle). "Unless otherwise noted images taken with no particular settings at full resolution." I have a Sony Z3V, and the camera on this thing blows me away, I can print 8 by 10 or larger, something I've never been able to do before from a phone, and my note 4 and IPhone 6S Plus are no slouchs. The resolution and sensor size simply make a big difference, Sony really did cram a point and shoot in there. However I found quickly that if you shot an intelligent auto or at higher ISO's it was a noise reduction mess. You have to shoot in Manual, you have to drop ISO. Action shots are off the table. On PhoneArena when they did the camera comparisons the Sony fans were shouting that, and it is true.. and yet at 100% the photos are a smeary mess, did you look? as long as you are happy I guess, but I for one am definitely not, the photos look unnatural with masses of processing evident.. I can't remark on these photos,no didn't take em, the ones my Z3v spits out are pretty awesome, but you have to use certain techniques. I imagine the same applies to the Z5 straight out of the phone they're a mess.. its frustrating cos the Sony sensors are good, but the processing is arrgghh!!!. I think that some of tests are done on a monochromatic image, and that's why they are not accurate and you see different results from real life pictures, but I am not sure.. How important is aperture on such a small sensor? (Smartphone cameras om general).. For example, on FF or APS-C, f/2.0 vs f/2.8: There is a noticeable difference if the final image (Noise, bokeh etc..,) based on that 1 stop difference. Does the same apply to such tiny sensors?. the sensors are generally too small for it to make much difference in terms of bokeh. But it certainly does make a difference in terms of noise. That said, pretty much all higher-end models come with apertures between F1.8 and F2, so the difference is minimal.. THe faster aperture also helps keep the shutter speed up. Since you can't freeze movement with flash on a phone, you tend to get a lot of motion blur as the light drops. An extra stop means twice the shutter speed and half the motion blur problem.. I'm surprised to see even f/1.7 lenses today. The f/1.8 lens on the Note 5 is edge to edge sharp. I wonder if we can even go faster. Could we have a f/1.0 lens (or faster) some day, and still keep the edge to edge sharpness, with it bulking up the phone? If we can shoot something about 3 feet away and have a little bit of background blur, it would be nice.. Aperture helps for speed and in low er light but the IQ from the Z5 (look at 100%) is a smeary mess even at low iso's I cannot believe the DPR think the IQ is remotely good, so much processing, so unnatural in look, no, DPR got it very wrong!. It's a Sony product, should we expect anything different?. Horrible low and high ISO images. I have the Sony Z2 and it's a lot better than this. It's not even comparable with the now ancient Nokia N8 i used to own.. How can the phone get such a high score, when the photos look just awful?. What did you expect from a phone camera? People these days have such high standards.. The sensor seems capable, but the destructive noise reduction and oversharpening makes the camera worthless. Other companies like samsung and apple leave their images intact. And those images look good, even when they are taken with a smartphone.. You can't pixel peep phones and come away happy.. the old Nokia 808 still blows all these away for detail, and that natural DSLR look, pity the module didnt find its way into a phone with a OS that wasn't 'killed' off. But the Z5 pics look horrid, what was DPR thinking in this review???. I can only imagine how good the IQ would be if the camera hardware is on an iPhone. SONY is let down by poor software again.. 200GB, I haven't seen anything bigger 128GB cards ..... which are actually usually less only 118GB formatted. So even with a 64GB internal memory which is really 58GB, that gets no where near 200GB.. My Note 4 has 150GB total and I carry a "128"GB Samsung flash drive which connects smartly by a USB to go cable when desired.. The answer is that internet and data are far more useful when you are out in the world doing something. I don't even have a home Internet connection. Trust me the home is a better place without it.. Like I am going to download my own data from cloud to get access to it. Thank you Sony and ironically HTC for supporting microSD and open access to your own data on your own phone.. Samsung, I and sad to part ways with you, my Note 4 will be the last.. rumors are Samsung is going back to microSD support with the new Galaxy S7. Keep your eyes on our MWC 2016 coverage in a couple of weeks time :). I wonder how much 200GB would cost on an Iphone ...... Interesting, in Canada good fast Internet service costs 70$ minimum per month for 75GB from Bell.ca. Generously, the average Canadian wage is 50K a year and that has a huge bimodal skew. Other unlimited plans are so slow in most areas that "unlimited" is actually very limited.. I use Bell LTE and admit it provides fast and very reliable service, albeit at a cost. Before the CRTC ruling in 2014, I paid 75$ /month for cell service and 6GB of LTE data. This works well for me mostly. After the CRTC ruling I would have to pay an extra 2000$ over 2 years to get the same service. Obviously Bell and Rogers was making a killing on all the dirty tricks the CRTC ruled against. As you can see, in Canada, data is actually quite expensive and far from unlimited. Especially true considering a HD movie sucks 3GB per hour.. got a 200gb Sandisk in my Z5 Compact...gives me 183GB of additional space after formatting... plus the 20gb free on the phone... Still wishing For a weatherproof AND stabilized mobile. The AF inconstencies here sound worrisome.. Upcoming Galaxy S7 might be what you've been waiting for :). iPhone 6s+ is water resistant but not water proof. There is also Galaxy S6 Active that's waterproof as long as you haven't drop it yet.. Lars and Pelasdf, thanks for your suggestions.. more worrisome is the horrid IQ!!!. My Note 5 shooting in Pro Mode (ISO and shutter speed control, etc.) looks much better than those overprocessed photos from Sony.. Apple and iPhone, I know you are not going to change, but it's worth considering.... I had the 6.4" Sony Z Ultra and hated plugging it in to charge it and purchased the Samsung Edge + that is much smaller but has a great looking 1440p 5.7" AMOLED display and fast wireless charging. I only pay AT&T $30 a month for unlimited talk and text and use wifi for data. I have no problem with that since I have Comcast and they have millions of Xfinity wifi hotspots. Photos and 4K videos are much better than my old Sony and it's tied with the Z5 at #1 in Dxomark ratings.. size comparison with the Z5: https://c2.staticflickr.com/2/1684/24291191674_b750ce4513_o.png. Then why you bought a 6.44" Z Ultra in the first place? It is like you walk into a tree and you blame the tree for exist in front of you.. Get a clue, the 6.44" Z Ultra was my old smartphone that came out in 2013 .. Smartphones are just so last year. :-) Even iPhone sales are slowing.. At ISO 40 with some resizing and subjective judgement: I think the camera is getting about 4MP of image in good light.. Maybe just a touch below the Iphone 6 in other words, at ISO25.. Ok, so where is this camera compared to the Lumia 1020 and 1520? I still do not see any improvement over those fairly 'old' camera phones.. That's what I don 't like in Lumia's phones ... take a look at the buildings at 100% (Copacabana beach - http://www.letsgomobile.org/images/reviews/0207/nokia-lumia-1520.jpg). I have Lumia 1020 and a Samsung Note 5, I'm sharing a compare in OneDrive in a few days.. You mean the OOF part? Show me another camera phone that does that better. One that also shows better results with details within the focal plane. If you scale down a 1020 image to the resolution of the sony, it will show more detail. (and that's obvious, because of it's larger sensor). I'm not saying drop your dslr's and go shoot with a Lumia because no camera phone is great. But to me the pureview lumia's are still unmatched compared to other camera phones. And if a phone is the only thing you have at hand to snap a photo, it better be a Lumia.. Note 5 and S6 Edge in Pro Mode. I have 1020 and Note 5, they're better than my Lumia. You can check a good post here ... Wait for my personal compare between 1020 and Note 5 in Pro mode. and the Nokia 808 is even better, I think the Z5 photos look disgusting, check at 100%, a smeary, processed mess, the Lumias of old blow this and others of its ilk away!. Jostian I have a 808 too, for me ... the best in town until nowdays ! No OOF like my 1020.. Hi Sergio the links dont show so I cant check it out, if you are on the DPR forums send me a pm with the links I like to check them out.. Sorry ! Here the links Z5 http://f-picture.net/lfp/i008.radikal.ru/1602/d2/a6f88e6c00d3.jpg/htm 808 http://f-picture.net/lfp/s017.radikal.ru/i404/1602/77/42018f8463a2.jpg/htm. Yes the 808 is even better, i know. Though because of symbian you get a camera where you can call with (sort of). If you talk about IQ only, that's probably the best way to go, otherwise a 1020 and 1520 that will probably run windows 10 mobile soon will be a really good compromise. Again, compared to this sony or many other of the current flagship phone models.. Hi Jostian, look how 950 XL and S6 Edge Plus are really close ... Who's the best Lumia 1020 or Note 5 ??? https://www.flickr.com/photos/135916561@N06/. tough choice (Note 5 or 1020), I prefer the 1020 for the more natural look to the photos, but its a tough call indeed. from a camera perspective the edge goes to the 1020 but as a package (with Android being a better and more mature OS) the Note 5 may be a better package.. That has got to be the worst executed comparison i have ever seen between 2 camera's. I can clearly see you are a fan of the Note 5, that's ok. But i rather stay with the facts.. I was going to buy this phone, but the 24mm focal length is stopping me. lol you can crop you know right?. it's a multi aspect ratio sensor. You get the 24mm in 16:9 but it's around 28mm when you shoot in 4:3 aspect ratio.. Rehm is which aspect ratio gives which resolution?. It's 23Mp in 4:3 and just over 20MP in 16:9 but this being a multi aspect ratio sensor it actually has almost 25MP in total.. npires, on your gear list I see 4 lenses. Why not just use the wide angle and crop the photos then you need telephoto?. Actually Z5's focal length (35mm equivalent) is very much 24mm in 4:3 aspect ratio. So the field of view is much wider than any other phone. The lens is in ultra wide-angle category.. This is the main reason i purchased a Z5 Premium. Being able to carry a high quality ultra wide-angle in my jeans front pocket is amazing. Image quality overall is very good.. Only problem i have is with the camera software. The camera app is very limited and UI is unintuitive. What's worse, 3rd party camera apps do not function properly on this phone because of Sony's bugs in camera software. I hope Sony will fix the software soon.. @BubbleGum - You were probably being sarcastic but yes I do. Unless you're shooting anything other than for web cropping wide angle is fine for my needs. Most mobile phones lens are 28mm so the 24mm is hardly that much wider than other phones.. 5.2" display and no active-pen support, I'll stay with Samsung Note.. no OIS? Actually wondering with 23mp if their downsampled DIS is so good they may not need it to fill that screen.. DPReview gotta be mad, I click on the photos and at 100% there is a fuzzy haze (smeariness) to ALL the photos, no detail (very unnatural looking) no matter what the iso...if this is the best that phone camera's have to offer I shudder! What is DPR smokin'?. When you look at the photos of galaxy s6 on gsm arena and then photos taken with the sony, there is no comparisson. Obviously, the sensor alone does not make a camera. The processing on the sony is awful. My cheap chinese no name phone took better pictures.. But how can people who review for a living be so wrong? That's what i want to know, how can there be such a difference in opinions to the IQ of the photos?. The image quality is excellent at base ISO 40 when subject is in focus and shutter speed is fast enough. Don't look at first photo at ISO800 - no smartphone would do significantly better.. The problem here is that out-of-focus and unsharp areas at the edges get some ridiculous over-sharpening coupled with aggressive noise reduction, so these are smeared.. However, if you look at any daylight photo, everything that is in focus is very sharp and clean, and that is at 23MP, which is quite an achievement. This is also how DxO measured IQ - whole test chart is in focus.. So, the image quality should be fine, as long as you don't do close focus, so background is also within depth of field. But, I agree - processing is very poor otherwise.. to me the over-processing destroys detail, at 100% even the low iso shots are fuzzy, look at the train shots at 100%, just smeary.... No detail, just smearing and artifacts all over.. I wanted to point out that train shots are at ISO 200-500, and for best details it's better to look at something like last shot, where bottom part of the monument is well lit and in focus, but then I realized that something must be wrong with camera settings that DPR used.. If you check full size galleries on other sites, this smearing doesn't exist: https://www.flickr.com/photos/vladsavov/sets/72157659861564436/ http://www.gsmarena.com/sony_xperia_z5-review-1326p8.php. Even this shot at ISO 2000 is decent: https://www.flickr.com/photos/vladsavov/22032733680/in/album-72157659861564436/. So, I'm not sure how DPR managed to make these shots look so bad.. Maybe I am blind but this is the umteenth Sony smartphone camera that gets high praises yet to me it looks like a crazy noisy image that had a lot NR done resulting in subpar IQ. Compared to the S6, G4, Nexus 6 or OnePlus 2 this just seems blotchy and oversharpened. Maybe Sony just doesn't hit my taste but to me it seems as though this sensor should have a lot less MP. Downsampling helps but is this the goal? Well, to each his own.. Dpreview is losing credibility with "reviews" like these.. Exactly! photos look like a fuzzy mess at 100% nothing natural at all about the look, certainly not how I want my photos to look. DPReview, this is not what we expect from you!!! your credibility took a hit here.. The extra detail of the 4K video over 1080p is quite noticeable.. Is this a case of sponser bias? Is there some underlying reason Sony is getting reviews that are not deserved?. All I know is that his is not the first review of a Sony flagship that shows the same kind of IQ problems without them properly being addressed in the review.. I'd like to hear Lars' take on this. If he can comment on a post that states the samples were taken in Madrid, I'm sure he can also comment on the many posts that see the same things I am seeing.. DxOMark Mobile report: Sony Xperia Z5. Sony Xperia Z5 and Z5 Compact come with 23MP sensor and fast AF. Tokina unveils the FíRIN 20mm F2.0 FE AF autofocus lens for Sony E-Mount. Nokia 8 Sirocco features 2x optical zoom and Carl Zeiss optics. Canon EOS M50 first impressions review. Canon's new entry level mirrorless camera has 4K, expanded Dual Pixel AF coverage and improved connectivity. We've taken an in-depth look at what's new and promising – and where it comes up short.. first impressions Feb 15, 2018 at 05:00. The Fujifilm X-H1 is a top-of-the-range 24MP mirrorless camera with in-body stabilization and the company's most advanced array of video capabilities. We've been shooting with one for a while now and have put together a gallery, a sample video and some preliminary analysis.. Panasonic Lumix DC-GX9 First Impressions Review and Sample Gallery. first impressions Feb 13, 2018 at 13:00. Panasonic's Lumix DC-GX9 is a rangefinder-style mirrorless camera that offers quite a few upgrades over its predecessor, with a lower price tag to boot. We've spent the weekend with the GX9 and have plenty of thoughts to share, along with an initial set of sample photos.. Panasonic Lumix DC-ZS200/TZ200: First Impressions Review. first impressions Feb 13, 2018 at 13:00. Panasonic's new premium compact boasts a 24-360mm equiv. F3.3-6.4 zoom lens, making it the longest reaching 1"-type pocket camera on the market. We spent a little time with it; read our first impressions.. Review: Google Pixel 2 is the best smartphone for stills photographers. review Feb 12, 2018 at 14:00. The Pixel 2 pushes the envelope in terms of what can be accomplished with computational photography. Find out why it earns our highest ever score for a smartphone camera in our full review.. Buying Guide: Best cameras for landscapes. Landscape photography isn't as simple as just showing up in front of a beautiful view and taking a couple of pictures. Landscape shooters have a unique set of needs and requirements for their gear, and we've selected some of our favorites in this buying guide.. Buying Guide: Best cameras for parents. Kids really are the ultimate test for a camera's autofocus system. We've compiled a short list of what we think are the best options for parents trying to keep up with young kids, and narrowed it down to one best all-rounder.. Buying Guide: Best cameras over $2000. If you're a serious enthusiast or working pro, the very best digital cameras on the market will cost you at least $2000. That's a lot of money, but generally speaking these cameras offer the highest resolution, the best build quality and the most advanced video specs out there, as well as fast burst rates and top-notch autofocus.. Buying Guide: Best cameras for video. Video features have become an important factor to many photographers when choosing a new camera. Read on to find out which cameras we think are best for the videophile.. Buying Guide: Best cameras for sports and action. Are you a speed freak? Hungry to photograph anything that goes zoom? Or perhaps you just want to get Sports Illustrated level shots of your child's soccer game. Keep reading to find out which cameras we think are best for sports and action shooting.. Lost For Words! by wam7 from Humerous Animals Jimmy by bofo777 from Portrait of the groom. Canon EOS M50 first impressions review. Canon's new entry level mirrorless camera has 4K, expanded Dual Pixel AF coverage and improved connectivity. We've taken an in-depth look at what's new and promising – and where it comes up short.. Feb 26, 2018 138 first impressions. Canon announces EOS M50 with 24MP sensor, 4K video and built-in EVF. Canon is taking the wraps off the EOS M50, a beginner-friendly mirrorless camera that's the first in the company's M-series to offer 4K video capture. It uses a 24MP APS-C sensor with Dual Pixel autofocus, a new Digic 8 processor and unlike its M100 sibling, provides a built-in viewfinder.. Feb 26, 2018 69 camera news. Canon's clever new Speedlite 470EX-AI automatically adjusts to bounce flash. By determining its distance to a subject and distance to the ceiling, the Canon Speedlite 470EX-AI automatically pivots to create an optimal angle for bounce flash – helping flash beginners create more flattering portraits with ease.. Flashes for the masses: Why the Canon 470EX-AI is a big deal. It's not often that a new flashgun will get us really excited, but the Canon 470EX-AI isn't your ordinary flashgun. Here's why we think it's worth a look, particularly for photographers who haven't yet taken the plunge into artificial lighting.. Canon introduces EOS Rebel T7 with updated 24MP sensor. Canon's beginner-friendly DSLR just got an update, and now includes a higher resolution 24MP sensor, but the rest remains broadly familiar. It arrives in April with a 18-55mm F3.5-5.6 II kit lens for $550.. Feb 26, 2018 23 camera news. Nokia 8 Sirocco features 2x optical zoom and Carl Zeiss optics. The Nokia 8 Sirocco swaps the original 8's secondary monochrome sensor for a tele-lens with 2x zoom.. Samsung unveils Galaxy S9 with variable aperture and super-slow-motion. Samsung's new Galaxy S9 and S9+ smartphones come with a range of innovative camera features and functions.. Huawei launches MediaPad M5 Pro tablet with M-Pen. The larger version of Huawei's new premium tablet features a stylus with 4096 levels of pressure for easier image editing and note-taking.. Fujifilm X-H1 versus X-T2: what does the new camera bring?. The Fujifilm X-H1 takes its place above the previous range-topping X-T2. What does the new camera bring to the table, and what kind of photographer is it designed for?. Tiffen announces foot operated gas-lift Steadicam Air monopod. Tiffen has joined the monopod market with the new Steadicam Air. The Steadicam Air is a three-section carbon fibre model that uses a gas spring and foot pedal close to the base to quickly and easily adjust the monopod's height.. Kodak Alaris is bringing back T-Max P3200 high-speed B&W film. Kodak Alaris is resurrecting yet another film photography product. Kodak's T-Max P3200 high-speed B&W film—which the company says can be push processed to ISO 25,000—is officially coming back in March!. Ex-Lexar execs have launched a new memory card company, here's why you should care. ProGrade Digital is new brand of memory cards aimed at professional photographers and demanding amateurs. Here's what sets ProGrade apart, and why the company believes it can compete with the big guys.. Sigma 14-24mm F2.8 DG HSM Art will cost just $1,300, seriously undercuts Nikon. Sigma announced pricing and availability for its much-anticipated 14-24mm F2.8 Art lens today, revealing that the ultra-wide zoom will begin shipping mid-March for $1,300 USD.. Feb 23, 2018 138 lens news. 'Perfect' sensors may be possible, but might not come to cameras. A recent breakthrough means the future could include sensors that perfectly describe the light in the scene, offer new computational possibilities and give film-like latitude in the highlights. And yet we may never see them in cameras, says father of the CMOS sensor, Professor Eric Fossum.. Tokina unveils the FíRIN 20mm F2.0 FE AF autofocus lens for Sony E-Mount. The Tokina FíRIN 20mm F2 FE AF is a followup to the MF version released in 2016, which adds (you guessed it) autofocus capabilities. Optically, the two lenses are identical.. Feb 22, 2018 79 lens news. New Sony release cable enables dual-shooting with the RX0. The VMC-MM2 release cable allows owners of Sony's ultra-compact RX0 to sync the sort-of action camera with a Sony alpha (or Cyber-shot) camera and capture photos and video simultaneously.. Sony announces new flagship guide number 60 HVL-F60RM wireless flash. Sony just released a new wireless flagship flash for E-mount with guide number 60. The HVL-F60RM offers "high-power flash output, reliable continuous performance and advanced control features with integrated radio control options.". Leaked: Tokina to announce Opera 50mm F1.4 FF and FíRIN 20mm F2 FE AF lenses. The Opera 50mm F1.4 FF is a full-frame lens for Nikon and Canon mounts, while the FíRIN 20mm F2 FE AF for Sony E-Mount replaces the FíRIN 20mm F2 FE MF announced in September of 2016.. Feb 22, 2018 103 lens news. What it's like to photograph the Olympics. Two veteran sports photographers share stories and tips from photographing the Olympics, as well as other high-profile sporting events throughout history.. Feb 22, 2018 Feature Shoot 1. Panasonic GX9 added to 'Best Cameras under $1000' buying guide. We've added the Panasonic GX9 to this buying guide to to place its specifications and features in context, alongside its competition. When our full review is complete the camera will be considered for an award.. Tamron announces 70-210mm F4 Di VC USD for full-frame DSLRs. Tamron has announced a full-frame 70-210mm F4 tele-zoom, boasting moisture-resistance, a minimum focus distance of 0.95m/37.4in and up to 5 stops of stabilization – all for $800.. Feb 22, 2018 100 lens news. Tamron is working on a 28-75mm F2.8 lens for full-frame Sony mirrorless cameras. Details are thin at this point, but the 28-75mm F2.8 Di III RXD will offer "superb optical performance" and a moisture-resistant construction.. Feb 22, 2018 223 lens news. Pentax K-1 Mark II: What you need to know. The Pentax K-1 Mark II promises less noise than its predecessor and offers a cool new Pixel Shift mode that lets you leave your tripod behind. Find out what's changed - and what hasn't.. Pentax K-1 Mark II shoots up to ISO 819,200, offers updated Pixel Shift. Ricoh has announced an updated version of its K-1 full-frame DSLR. The Pentax K-1 Mark II gains an additional 'accelerator' processor that enables improved image processing as well as a handheld version of its Pixel Shift Resolution mode.. Feb 21, 2018 272 camera news. Ricoh will let Pentax K-1 owners update their cameras to a Mark II for $550/£450/€500. For a limited time this summer, current K-1 owners will be able to send their cameras in for a circuit board replacement, essentially upgrading to a Mark II. They'll even get a Mark II logo swapped in on the front of the camera.. Feb 21, 2018 151 camera news. Panasonic unveils 'industry-first' 8K organic image sensor with global shutter. Panasonic has continued to develop its organic/CMOS image sensor tech, and the latest breakthrough is big: an image sensor that can shoot 8K at 60p, boasts incredible dynamic range, and has global shutter capability.. Here come the copyright bots, with lawyers in tow. Services like Copypants and Pixsy help anybody find copyright infringers, send take-down requests, and quickly demand licensing fees and damages. But do these automated systems also open the door to prolific copyright trolls?. Feb 21, 2018 Fast Company 25. The Chroma is a lightweight, affordable, easy-to-use 5x4 field camera. The new 5x4-inch field camera was designed by UK photographer and custom camera maker Steve Lloyd, and it promises to be lightweight, easy-to-use, unique, affordable and upgradable... as well as a bit funky.. Feb 21, 2018 200 camera news. Associated Press photographer's video shows 'travel photographers' staging photos. Ahad captured this video that shows how tourist 'travel photographers' will stage scenes in an attempt to capture award-winning images.. Really Right Stuff is moving from California to Utah to escape rising costs. Camera accessory manufacturer Really Right Stuff is relocating. The company is moving its headquarters from California to Utah, citing rising costs and promising 'expansion on every level' as a result of this move.. Tips or suggestions? Contact us!. All content, design, and layout are Copyright © 1998 - 2018 Digital Photography Review All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or part in any form or medium without specific written permission is prohibited.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 2 Interface, Functionality and System performance. posted by Ray S.. Android - Android + Sony - Sony +. 2 Interface, Functionality and System performance. Introduction Unlike some of its competitors (cough- Samsung -cough-LG), Sony isn't used to flooding the market with products. It likes to take its time and come up with just a few handsets each year: one or two budget phones here, a couple of mid-rangers there, and, if it's a new James Bond movie kind of year – a heavy-hitting flagship for enthusiasts. Well, what do you know! Agent 007 is back, and so is Sony with a brand new flagship: the Xperia Z5. At first glance, the Z5 is typical Sony – a logical continuation of the company's long-running Xperia Z line. However, is this really the Sony we've been looking for? Are the values of the company, and the characteristic traits of its products alive and well in the Xperia Z5? Is it an example of a thought-out, polished Android smartphone, or is it too little, too late? We've waited long enough for the Z5, and now, it's time to see if Sony really has something to serve that's not already on the table. Design Timeless design with compromised execution. Certain forms, certain shapes, cannot go out of fashion. And in that line of thought, the Sony Xperia Z5's rectangular shape continues to stand the test of time. Very few are the handsets that dare go fully rectangular, and for that reason, the Xperia Z5's shape continues to be recognizable, unique even. The proportions of the front are almost right, but the upper bezel is ever so slightly higher than the bottom one, so its look is not exactly perfectly balanced. And while that slight imperfection in the appearance may not prove to break the deal for most, the dangerously sharp edges of the Z5's frame probably will. As soon as you hold Sony's latest creation in hand, an unexpected and unprovoked sensation of a sharp object scratching against your skin will take you by surprise. Holding the Xperia Z5 is not a pleasant thing to do unless you put a case on it, so we can't help but wonder how Sony let such an obvious design flaw slip past. The back panel is now made of what Sony calls “frosted glass”. It's basically glass with a matte finish to it, instead of the typical glossy one. It feels very similar to the glass track pad of a MacBook. Its advantage is that it picks up almost no fingerprints, so it always looks relatively clean. Unfortunately, it's also extremely slippery (unlike glossy glass), making us feel unsure if we prefer it that way. The peculiarities never end with the Xperia Z5's design. If you take a closer look at the images, you'll notice the weird positioning of the volume keys, which are below (not above) the power key on the right hand side. This position doesn't make the buttons any easier to reach or use. In fact, it made them more inconvenient for us. One the plus side, Sony is keeping the two-step camera shutter key, and this one works very well. And while we're on the topic of buttons – the power key is now also a fingerprint scanner. When it comes to speed and accuracy, it's pretty decent, but its positioning and impact on the seamlessness of the user experience are less than ideal. The button itself doesn't protrude from the surface, and doesn't click reassuringly enough, which is to say it could be designed better. Display An extraordinarily bright display with so-so color balance. 5.2 inches, 1080 x 1920 pixels, IPS LCD... Sony has to be congratulated for not playing the specs game and sticking with this resolution, because in no way is the Xperia Z5's screen harder to read, in comparison to the 1440 x 2560 screens out there. Color balance and accuracy, on the other hand, are areas where Sony should have tried a bit harder. The screen has a significant blue tint, taking some of the life away from images. It's not too bad, though, plus Sony is kind enough to let us adjust display color balance from the settings, meaning there's a way to get a more natural-toned image. Outdoor visibility is excellent with the Sony Xperia Z5. The handset achieves maximum brightness of about 670 nits, which is enough to outshine almost any other phone of that caliber. Meanwhile, the lowest brightness point is at 4 nits, which makes the screen comfortable for bedtime reading.. 5.75 x 2.83 x 0.29 inches. 146 x 72 x 7.3 mm. 5.65 x 2.78 x 0.27 inches. 143.4 x 70.5 x 6.8 mm. 5.86 x 3 x 0.39 inches. 148.9 x 76.1 x 9.8 mm. 5.44 x 2.64 x 0.28 inches. 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The numbers below represent the amount of deviation in the respective property, observed when a display is viewed from a 45-degree angle as opposed to direct viewing.. Minimum brightness Lower is better. Contrast Lower is better. Color temperature Lower is better. Gamma Lower is better. Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. Sony Xperia Z5 Compare. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next ». posted on 10 Nov 2015, 06:49. PA really dislike any phone released by Sony. The best design, very good display, excellent camera, very good battery life. Anything you could ask for a smartphone is in the Xperia Z5.. (Posts: 3780; Member since: 03 Oct 2015). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 06:52. PA Has Been Crazy This Year. Cause They Liked Sony's Phones In The Past The Z3, Z3c, Z2, Z1, Z1c All Got Good Scores From PA. All 9+ Except For The Z3 That Scored 8.5.. (Posts: 6474; Member since: 28 Jan 2013). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 12:05. The Z3 was an amazing phone, the Z5 chugs though. Seems like they throttled the crap out of it for the Z5 because of the Z3+ Backlash.. (Posts: 5787; Member since: 16 Mar 2013). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 22:33. in response to #131 Hide. What the hell are you talking about. The Z5 is fast and has no problems with any tasks. I found no slow downs what so ever on the Z5.. (Posts: 676; Member since: 07 Jan 2015). posted on 11 Nov 2015, 15:55. in response to #131 Hide. PA, I didn't swear nor did I insult anyone, so why was my comment deleted? Don't want the truth to go out perhaps?. Deleted comment: This is what happens when you're not paid to review a phone.. (Posts: 72; Member since: 24 Nov 2015). posted on 28 Dec 2015, 17:10. in response to #250 Hide. (Posts: 20; Member since: 13 Oct 2015). posted on 02 Feb 2016, 00:51. in response to #131 Hide. The z5 doesn't overheat, nor is it throttled down. Sony remedied the issue by adding bigger heatsinks to the processor, and it does the job of keeping the phone cool. That's the reason that the z5 is thicker than the z3+. But, I would still have the z3, because it is a solid device, and even though the z5 might have good battery life, the z3 still has the better battery life, and the 64 bit apps haven't dominated their 32 bit counterparts yet. By the time that day comes, we might as well have the xperia z6 or z7 maybe, which might raise the bar even higher. (Posts: 158; Member since: 15 Sep 2014). posted on 11 Nov 2015, 04:32. Just look at how they did the finger print scanner. Sony is the king of design, software, camera and battery life. I just read these to laugh. I mean look at the cons "Sharp edges" lol the phone is the same design as the other xperia yet you only judging that now? clowns. (Posts: 1867; Member since: 16 Jan 2011). posted on 11 Nov 2015, 19:28. in response to #228 Hide. The fingerprint scanner is perfect - until your phone is on the desk and you try to unlock it while its sitting on the desk... Sounds like king of fail to me LOL. (Posts: 12; Member since: 22 Aug 2013). posted on 12 Nov 2015, 05:52. in response to #254 Hide. And why would anybody want to use their phone not 'in their palms' and only on the desk?. You lazy azz! You so lazy you dont even wanna pick your phone up!. (Posts: 20; Member since: 13 Oct 2015). posted on 02 Feb 2016, 00:42. in response to #262 Hide. If they would want to use the phone on the desk and not in their palms, then they will run into a bigger problem with the nexus 5x and 6p, which keep the scanner on the back.. (Posts: 3; Member since: 16 Nov 2015). posted on 16 Nov 2015, 03:09. in response to #254 Hide. You can just Register your index finger and it will work perfectly fine, I was also worried about this first, but I have a Z5 and it is not a Problem. (Posts: 177; Member since: 08 Oct 2015). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 06:59. a lot of people dislike any pone released by sony that's why its sales is very low .. (Posts: 2293; Member since: 31 Oct 2011). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 07:06. Orrrrr it could have more to do with terrible marketing, coupled with carrier exclusivity in most regions (if you are even able to pick one up in your region).. (Posts: 1129; Member since: 15 Feb 2013). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 10:21. (Posts: 3722; Member since: 16 Aug 2011). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 11:47. in response to #104 Hide. Yet they can afford iPhones and Samsung flagships?. (Posts: 267; Member since: 14 Aug 2015). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 23:16. in response to #128 Hide. I think the point is those phones can be subsidized vs paying full retail up front.. (Posts: 330; Member since: 03 May 2014). posted on 12 Dec 2015, 07:56. in response to #104 Hide. sony phone are not that expensive.. and the sold water proof phone but that's not waterproof... I had Z2 and Z3 they both are not waterproof... I will never buy Sony Phone again... (Posts: 1867; Member since: 16 Jan 2011). posted on 11 Nov 2015, 19:27. "Unlike some of its competitors (cough-Samsung-cough-LG), Sony isn't used to flooding the market with products. It likes to take its time and come up with just a few handsets each year". Wait? What? Sony do flood the market!!. They have a 6 month cycle and last time I looked they have released the Z5 Premium, Z5, Z5compact, Z3, Z3 compact, C5, C4, M4, E4 & E so far this year.. This alone just shows how out of touch Phone Arena is at the moment... (Posts: 6; Member since: 31 Mar 2013). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 07:09. Personally this phone has quite a few appealing aspects, but the camera needs some work and the speakers/heaphone power output is not impressive at all. Points to the fact it has water/dust resistance and a 1920x1080 screen (smart IMO), decent battery life and an SD slot, but it has a few weaknesses that they should have addressed long ago. So I would say, though the score IMO is a bit low, at best the phone deserves an 8.. (Posts: 309; Member since: 21 Nov 2014). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 09:05. You know this is best camera atm on any phone acording to Dxo?. In Gsm arena blind test in beat s6 and 6s. Here you come to read news, dont look reviews, especialy camera reviews.. (Posts: 147; Member since: 29 Dec 2014). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 09:21. in response to #74 Hide. In the ip6vs s6 vs z5 "Monster Brawl" the z5 won only the 1080 video test , in all the other tests nearly scored last of the bunch. posted on 10 Nov 2015, 12:34. in response to #81 Hide. did you even read that review? Z5 beat your beloved rotten fruit and S6 in four categories, fair and square. 6s won in two and s6 won in only one category. (Posts: 105; Member since: 12 Apr 2014). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 15:30. in response to #81 Hide. That's a gsmarena rating, samsung's no 1 fan. You expect them to rate anything Sony as tops? they have never rated a sony product as tops and they were very disappointed with the blind camera comparison they did that most people voted Sony as no 1. They couldn't even hide their displeasure by making a statement that it is clear how most people were able to pick the Sony with its wider field of view. How can a site that's supposed to stay neutral in a blind camera comparison make such a comment? They were very annoyed with the result and immediately released their monster brawl so as to wipe out what they don't like. So don't get carried away with a biased review, they took off the blind camera results fast from headlines but left the monster brawl up for weeks.. (Posts: 18; Member since: 08 May 2014). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 10:25. in response to #74 Hide. DxOMark might say it has the best camera, but they were probably on drugs or maybe there is a different software/firmware in the Z5 vs. Z5 Compact, because the pictures I take has blurred edges and in some cases my Samsung G6Edge+ takes better and sharper pictures. Though the Z5c takes amazing night-shots and if the light is right the pictures are sharp and perfect, but too often the edges are blurry.. (Posts: 676; Member since: 07 Jan 2015). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 10:28. in response to #108 Hide. The Z5c only has this issue, and only few devices are affected. Go on reddit, no one with the Z5 has the issues you mentioned, and DXOmark did review the Z5 only.. (Posts: 6474; Member since: 28 Jan 2013). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 12:07. in response to #108 Hide. DXO mark just measures the sensor performance. Where Sony and Google usually fail is the firmware.. (Posts: 105; Member since: 12 Apr 2014). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 14:33. in response to #108 Hide. You don't have the phone, thanks for trolling attention seeker. We should trust your opinion instead of dxo mark right? Nobody knows you, nobody knows if you own a z5 or any other Sony phone for that matter but we should rate your opinion as top notch while dxo mark should be discarded cause they clearly were on drugs. Well done, you deserve a round of applause.. (Posts: 105; Member since: 12 Apr 2014). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 14:48. in response to #108 Hide. Watch this and and see what an unbiased review is, i have so many others i can send to you from all over the world.. (Posts: 8; Member since: 03 Mar 2014). posted on 10 Nov 2015, 20:10. in response to #108 Hide. DXOmark are lairs and are on drugs, and we should believe you because???. * Some comments have been hidden, because they don't meet the discussions rules.. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next ». Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 5.2 inches, 1080 x 1920 pixels (424 ppi) IPS LCD. Size 5.75 x 2.83 x 0.29 inches (146 x 72 x 7.3 mm). Battery 2900 mAh, 13.16 hours talk time. Qualcomm Snapdragon 810, Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A57 and ARM Cortex-A53 processor 3 GB RAM. $340 Buy. $212 Buy. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Sony Xperia Z5 Price in the Philippines and Specification. Sony Xperia Z5 is the latest in the Xperia Z series with a 5.2 Inches Full HD display, powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor and runs on Android™ 5.1 (Lollipop) OS and it also has the world`s fastest auto focus camera.. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 3GB ... * Prices updated on Feb 26, 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to PHP based on exchange rates of Feb 23, 2018.. depends on the location, 2-3 days. it depends upon the ..., 1 to 3 hrs. Sony experia z5 available color black, white, gold. Sony experia z5 available color black, white, gold. for more info..pls text or call 09064179227. 300 - 500 php, 3 - 5days. 300 - 500 php, 3 - 5 days. Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Free shipping or from P55...., 5-10 business days for ... Sony Xperia Z5 Price in the Philippines Starts from P14,690. The lowest price of Sony Xperia Z5 is P14,690 at Taiyen General Merchandise, Ame Czarrief Cellphone Shop and mfrb cellphone specialist repair center, which is 59% less than the cost of Xperia Z5 at Lazada (P35,460).. The latest price of Sony Xperia Z5 was updated on Feb 26, 2018, 09:09.. Sony Xperia Z5 Hands-On! (IFA 2015). Official Xperia Z5 series from Sony – Announced at IFA 2015. Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & Quad-core 2 GHz Cortex-A57. Up to 200 GB microSD邃｢ card. Stand-by: Up to 520 h (2G) / Up to 540 h (3G), Talk time: Up to 13 h 10 min (2G) / Up to 17 h (3G), Music play: Up to 87 h. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - E6603, E6653. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 20(800), 28(700), 38(2600), 40(2300) - E6603, E6653. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps (E6603), LTE Cat6 300/50 Mbps (E6653). 146 x 72 x 7.3 mm. Sony Mobile Officially Unveils New Pink Sony Xperia Z5. In September 2014, Sony first announced the Sony Xperia Z5 series as the company’s flagship model smartphone at the IFA 2015 in Berlin, The device came in four different colors; Graphite Black, White, Gold and Green. Now, Sony Mobile Communications officially announced new color, it's Pink and selectable from five colors.. The new Pink Sony Xperia Z5 shares the same specification as to the other existing colors. Its pack with the same 5.2-inch FHD(1080×1920) display powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 (MSM8994) with Octa-core processor (Quad-core 2.0GHz + Quad-core 1.5GHz) accompanied by 3GB of RAM and 32GB of ROM. Camera on this device is a 23MP Sony Exmor RS main camera and a 5MP Sony Exmor R on the front. For the Connectivity the Pink Sony Xperia Z5 supports 4G LTE Cat.4 or Cat.6, Bluetooth 4.1 and Wi-Fi IEEE 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac. The battery on this device is a built-in 2900mAh battery and lastly, it won’t be an Xperia unless its waterproof and dustproof , which this device do feature.. Sony says that the new color Pink Sony Xperia Z5 will be available globally. Starting Sony Mobile Communications and Japanese telecom companies NTT DOCOMO and KDDI announced that the Pink Sony Xperia Z5 will be available of purchase starting January 2016 in Japan, Taiwan and Hongkong.. The new Pink Sony Xperia Z5 also uses the same body materials as with other current Z5 models. Also built with a combination of frosted glass and aluminum frame to achieve a high texture and beautiful design, Sony Mobile Communications however revealed that it took more time in getting the right tone (Pink) in shading the frosted glass and aluminum frame.. Why add a Pink variant in the Sony Xperia Z5 line-up now? Recently, other smartphone manufacturers also added Pink as new color, for example HTC One A9 in Taiwan and Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ in China. Some might be inspired by the Rose Gold color introduced by Apple in the iPhone 6s series. However, As Valentine's Day is just around the corner. Indeed, it’s a Valentine's Day sales battle.. Although Sony is still struggling to keep its place in the smartphone market even other manufacturers started to add Pink color as a new color in their line-up in aims to increase sales.. Read more news on this product. The trending smartphone from Sony Xperia Z5. Sony Xperia Z5 in the Philippines. Sony Xperia Z5 can be considered as one of the best camera smartphones out there in the markets. Sony has claimed that this device has a revolutionary camera that makes it stand out from the rest. This model defines modernity with its intriguing design.. The new Xperia Z5 by Sony is a stylish smartphone that has marvellous features which make the users more obsessive towards it. Starting with its general look, this device looks sleek as the screen bezels are made thin.. The company has given a sharp and edgy profile to this smartphone as the edges and corners feature a decent smoothness. The rest of the phone is just Sony Xperia as the signature design language of Xperia series has been incorporated into this device.. The rear portion consists of a smart design with the camera and flash placed at the upper left corner. This back portion bears a frosted glass that is both stylish in appearance and provides a superior grip which prevents the device from slipping from hands.. The design of this model is simple yet fascinating as a metal frame with precision engraving has been used. It snugly fits into the hands which makes it very comfortable to use. This phone can even take on the extreme as it has been made dustproof and waterproof. The company claims that this model has the leading water resistivity with an IP68 rating.. Despite the fact that this Xperia Z5 bears an appealing look and can take on water and dust, the technical specifications and features are just fascinating. Firstly, a smart fingerprint sensor has been featured on this phone.. It is placed on the side of the phone; this increases the convenience of picking up the phone and unlocking it. This smart fingerprint sensor is subjected to learn the user's fingerprint pattern, making unlocking the device easier and less time consuming.. Another great benefit of this device is that it can operate up to 2 days with a single charge, now this is just the next level of battery life in a smartphone. This next level of battery life is possible as a bigger advanced Li-ion battery has been used. In addition to the long battery life, the convenience of quick charging has been included too and with this feature, users can get a full day of power with just 45 minutes of quick charging.. Taking great photos has never been so easy as the 23-megapixel camera with a hybrid autofocus is able to capture great photos in a split second. This is now possible as the hybrid autofocus system takes only 0.03 seconds to adjust to the scenes and this gives brilliant photos every time.. The camera works magic even while taking photos in low light conditions, for example, at night time. The company has incorporated next generation image sensor which reduces the blur and noise while taking photos in dim lights.. Sony or Sony Corporation is a Japan-based multinational conglomerate company that is headquartered in Konan Minato, Tokyo, Japan. The business of Sony is diverse, and the main units of the brand are professional and consumer electronics, gaming, financial and entertainment services.. The principal business operations of this brand include Sony Music Entertainment, Sony Pictures Entertainment, Sony Mobile Communications, Sony Interactive Entertainment and Sony Financial. The company was founded 70 years ago by Masaru Ibuka and Akio Morita on 7th May 1946 in Tokyo, Japan. Initially, when the company was founded during the World War II, it was called Tokyo Tsushin Kogyo, and the name was changed to Sony for some marketing purposes.. The Philippines market largely favours almost all of the electronic products from Sony. It has been one of the leading brands in the Philippines market over the years.. User Review : 10 Reviews. It's been several months since purchase.. Though it has 3GB RAM, it is very heavy when several apps are in use. It is just OK; I have experienced some troubles. The design is like one solid piece of wood. It probably is normal for recent ... Ito yung latest phone sa sony ang Sony Xperia Z5 maganda ang phone na ito kasi naman the Xperia Z series with a ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Etong gamet ko ngaun n experience z5 water resistant b talaga to. Abay 5sec palang nag vibration xa tas ngiinit. Last updated : Sep 2, 2017. Replies of This topic : 4 Replies. Pwede na bang iroot tong phone?. Last updated : May 28, 2017. Replies of This topic : 2 Replies. Sony Xperia Z5 is the latest in the Xperia Z series with a 5.2 Inches Full HD display. ANDROID ™ 6.0.1 (marshmallow) it also has the world`s fastest auto focus camera. Fingerprint (side-mounted; EU model only), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, .... Last updated : Mar 4, 2017. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. Meron na po ba Xperia Z6 Premium? Yon po kasi ang gusto kong Smartphone.. Last updated : Jul 24, 2016. Replies of This topic : 2 Replies. sana maasam ko n ung gstong gsto ko n cp n SONY z5,.. Last updated : Jul 19, 2016. Replies of This topic : 1 Replies. Start a topic on this product. View the forum on this product. 5 inches, HD (1280 x 720). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 3GB. 6 inches, FHD (1920 x 1080). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 6.... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. 5.0 inches, HD (720 x 1280). 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. 6 inches, Full HD (1920 x... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 3GB. Most viewed ranking for Sony Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Comment: Item will come repackaged.. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Get up to a $25.55 Gift Card.. 2-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $49 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB 4G/LTE International Version No Warranty (BLACK). This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by Telecomm Wireless and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. No Voice/Text and Partial Data Connection. Device Compatibility with United States Carriers. The table below provides detailed information about the Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB 4G/LTE International Version No Warranty (BLACK) compatibility with the corresponding carrier network.. 5.2-inch with 1080 x 1920 Resolution Display. Qualcomm MSM8994 Snapdragon 810, Quad-core 1.5 GHz & Quad-core 2 GHz; 32GB ROM, 3GB RAM; Supports Micro-SD up to. Main Camera: 23 MP, 5520 х 4140 pixels, phase detection autofocus, LED flash; Front Camera: 5MP, 1080p, HDR.. Nano SIM; AT&T, T-Mobile & other GSM carriers ; LTE compatibility: This is international stock, varies per carrier (ensure to check with your carrier before purchase); DOES NOT work with Sprint, Verizon, U.S. Cellular and all other CDMA carriers.. Package Content : Sony Xperia Z5 E6653, Headset, Charger , Data cable. PLEASE NOTE: this is an international version of the phone that comes with no warranty in the US.. One of these items ships sooner than the other. This item: Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB 4G/LTE International Version No Warranty (BLACK) $329.99. Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by Telecomm Wireless and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. Spigen Thin Fit Xperia Z5 Case with Premium Matte Finish Coating for Xperia Z5 - Gunmetal $11.99. Sold by Spigen Inc and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. PThink Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Sony Xperia Z5 with 9H Hardness/Anti-scratch/Shatterproof… $6.99. Sold by PThink and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Sony Xperia Z5 E6683 32GB White, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia Z5 32GB GSM/LTE - Unlocked phone - (US Warranty)- Retail Packaging (Black). Sony Xperia Z5 E6683 32GB Black, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Sony Xperia Z5 E6683 Dual Sim Factory Unlocked International Version No Warranty (green). Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 5.5-Inch 4K UHD Display Factory Unlocked (CHROME) - International Stock No Warranty. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Spigen Thin Fit Xperia Z5 Case with Premium Matte Finish Coating for Xperia Z5 - Gunmetal. PThink Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Sony Xperia Z5 with 9H Hardness/Anti-scratch/Shatterproof/Fingerprint resistant (Sony Xperia Z5). Sony Xperia Z5 Case, MoKo Shock Absorbing Hard Cover Ultra Protective Heavy Duty Case with Holster Belt Clip + Built-in Kickstand for Sony Xperia Z5 5.2 Inch (2015) - Black. Sony Xperia Z5 Case - TUDIA Full-Matte ARCH TPU Bumper Protective Case for Sony Xperia Z5 (Black). Sony Xperia Z5 Case, J&D [Drop Protection] Xperia Z5 Case [Slim Fit] Shock Resistant Protective Premium Jelly Case Slim Case for Sony Xperia Z5 (Black). [2-PACK]-Mr Shield For Sony Xperia Z5 [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 2.83 x 5.75 x 0.29 in. 0.34 x 2.7 x 5.6 in. 0.29 x 5.2 x 2.8 in. 2.83 x 5.75 x 0.32 in. 0.29 x 5.75 x 2.83 in. 0.32 x 2.83 x 5.76 in. Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB 4G/LTE International Version No Warranty (BLACK). Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia Z5 32GB GSM/LTE - Unlocked phone - (US Warranty)- Retail Packaging (Black). Sony Xperia XZ F8332 64GB Forest Blue, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. SONY XPERIA Z3 D6603 LTE 16GB 5.2" GSM Unlocked (Black) - International Version No Warranty. Sony Xperia XZ - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Mineral Black (US Warranty). LTE B1(2100) / B2(1900) / B3(1800) / B4(1700/2100) / B5(850) / B7(2600) / B8(900) / B12(700) / B17(700) / B20(800) / B28(700) *****Please check with your carrier for compatibility. We are not responsible for any incompatible issues.. 5.8 x 2.8 x 0.3 inches. 13.9 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #187,267 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #3,429 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 57% 4 star 15% 3 star 7% 2 star 5% 1 star 16%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars I love the camera and design !. Camera: A huge upgrade from XPERIA Z3, I feel that it produces better photos than my LX-3 does. Removal of the lousy flip covers on Z3 makes the water-proof function more practical, I took it with me to Santa Monica beach and take pictures in the sea - no problem. What I don't like - 1. Sometimes It can take almost 10 seconds to launch the camera. Battery life is not as good as Z3. My Z3 COMPACT has 70% power left after 5 p.m. and Z5 has only around 40% to 50% so it's burning almost twice of the battery. Overheating at the upper part of the phone (above the NFC logo), but it's acceptable as most of the time you won't be touching that area. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone.. I've had my Z5 for about a week now and I am more than happy with it, lots of upgrades, the fingerprint scanner is super fast, responsive, accurate and we'll positioned; the camera is outstanding, the focus is top notch and colour representation couldn't be more accurate and stunning unlike iphone's saturated photos and the front facing captures a lot of detail, great for selfies. The ui remains simplistic and elegant which is why I prefer Sony's take on Android, very fast, no lagging at all and multi-tasking couldn't be easier, I use the little calculator a lot. The over-heating have been resolved although it does heat up a bit when running a lot of apps and from heavy usage and battery life is awesome! The design is stunning, you can see and feel it's premium and the frosted glass back is much better in terms of looks and how it feels. Only thing I did notice is that the front facing speakers on my Z5 were louder, but other than that, it's a great flagship phone, highly recommended and it's WATERPROOF! No need to wait for an alternative version like Samsung and iPhone hasn't ever had that feature so, yeah. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars A not so quick breakdown of my impression with this phone so far.... Finally a phone that works without any hiccups or issues. I have not had any weird issues at all with this phone, and let me tell you, that is rare. Normally I'll find one nagging problem with a phone and it'll drive me crazy until I finally cave in and decide to purchase a new phone. So far, in using my Xperia Z5, I have not run into any weird situations like that. Overall I love the form factor of the phone, and the build quality is incredible. This phone simply feels well built. There is no creaking or play on the phone. This thing was engineered flawlessly and Sony has truly done a great job. Let's look at my overall take on the phone: Screen: Recently Android phones have seen a big push for larger and larger screens, but the Z5 decided to buck that trend and not offer a bigger screen or crazy resolution. Instead, Sony stuck with a smaller screen size of 5.2" and a resolution of 1920 x 1080. Although in a battle of specs, this sounds bad, I can say the screen looks really nice. Colors are well balanced, and I have not had any issues in the sunlight with this phone. Waterproof design: The waterproofing also hasn't let me down. Sony does not recommend submerging the phone, but I can speak from experience, this will probably not damage the phone. I don't recommend doing this for two reasons though: 1- With some bad luck, water may actually damage the phone. 2- You can't really use this phone underwater. Battery life: As a moderate user, I need a phone that can last me throughout the day. This is actually one of the reasons most phones just don't make the cut for me. This phone actually manages to do a pretty respectable job of making it through the day. Screen on time caries between 5 hours and 6 hours, but that is what I'm usually getting most days. I have the phone set up to enable Stamina Mode, which saves a lot of battery once the phone hits 50%. This is different than the normal battery saving features that most phones have. Instead, Sony disables almost all background processes and only syncs when the screen is on and the phone is "awake." Basically, what this does is it allows the phone to enter a hibernation mode, if you will until the next time you use the phone. Calls and texts will come in, as will many things, but emails or other programs which use data will not sync until a set interval or until the screen wakes up. Overall, the phone will easily last a whole day from 6 am until about 10-11 pm. Camera: This part is hit or miss. It really depends what you're looking for and how picky you are with cameras. As a hobby photographer, I love to have a great camera. Taking a cell phone out and knowing it'll take great photos is a must for me, and Sony really sold this phone as having one of the best cameras out there. Does the phone take good pics? Yes. Is it one of the best cameras? No. This camera struggles in the dark. If you turn off flash and take a picture in a poorly lit room, this camera kicks up the ISO and you get a blurry, noisy mess. In daylight, the camera works flawlessly. The nice thing about the camera is that it is a wide-angle lens, so you'll get much more of the image in the frame than you will with most other phones. If you are looking for a true manual mode, this just doesn't cut it. Sony has mind-boggingly integrated a terrible UI and limited what you can do to 8 Mp. I just don't understand what they are trying to do. Set the camera to superior auto, and it jumps back up to 23 Mp and takes great pics. The thing Sony just doesn't get it I don't need them to hold my hand. Let me set the camera to manual and get creative. Call quality and speakers: Call quality is good and people have not had issues hearing me. Actually, the only time this was a problem was after I had washed the phone. Water blocks the mic and people won't hear, but then again, this makes sense and shouldn't be an issue because when was the last time you made a call underwater or being dumped water on? Speakers are not the loudest, but they work well enough. If you're looking for an extremely loud phone, this isn't it. Sometimes I have a hard time hearing Waze over the radio, but I tend to have the radio a bit too loud sometimes anyways. Overall: The camera would have to be the one biggest disappointment. I think the battery life is good, and the design and feel of the phone is great. The minimal skin that Sony puts on the Z5 is also welcome, and Sony will be updating this device to the latest version of Android, but they do take a bit. Sony tends to update most of their phones, but they do take a bit to make sure everything works. With these ideas in mind, I definitely like the phone. In typical Sony fashion, they throw a bunch of features that you may or may not want, but if you find a device that supports a feature this phone has (LDAC is a great example of this), then it simply works. No headaches, no weird set up. This is what I wanted in a phone, and I'm pleased having purchased the Xperia Z5.. Was this review helpful to you?. Love the amazing camera, waterproof feature, and the ability to add memory but doesn't get great signal and the screen and glass back have both cracked on separate occasions even... 3.0 out of 5 stars Love the amazing camera. It does not work, defective device, reheat the battery, the system is rebooted, very bad purchase, I am dissatisfied with the seller and Amazon. 1.0 out of 5 stars CELLPHONE SONY Z5. I have not had my phone for a year properly and the LCD Touchscreen is already not working. No, it doesn't have any cracks or anything of the sort, however, I started to realize... 1.0 out of 5 stars Touchscreen not working properly!. I am the Sony fan for many years, this is the most unique piece. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Do not by a Sony phone without a warranty. Given that Sony no longer offers support in the U.S. for phones, probably not a good idea to but one with a warranty. 1.0 out of 5 stars Just don't.. After 6 months of use the phone just doesn't work, all the external fuctions stop working. i write to the company and the answer they just give changes after 30 days after that... 1.0 out of 5 stars WORST THING EVER!. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. HTC Desire 10 Pro D10i 64GB Stone Black Factory Unlocked GSM International Version no warranty. Sony Xperia XZ F8332 64GB Forest Blue, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Samsung Galaxy Tab A T285 8GB Black, 7.0", Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact G8441 32GB Black, 4.6-inches, 4GB RAM, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Sony Xperia X F5122 64GB Black, 5.0", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. Sony Xperia Z5 E6683 32GB White, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty. See and discover other items: engraving glass , sony phone unlocked international , sony cell , sony xperia waterproof , sony xperia z accessories , sony xperia cell phone. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Compare Cell Phones > Sony. Purchase with a plan or or. black white gold green. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Xperia is one of the most recognizable smartphone models created by Sony. With the Xperia Z5, Sony takes things a notch higher. This flagship smartphone comes with a 5.2-inch 1080p display panel and runs on a powerful 1.9GHz octa-core Snapdragon 810 processor with 3GB of RAM and the Adreno 430 GPU. There is a built-in memory of 32GB with an option to expand this by up to 200GB with a microSD card. The phone has a 5MP front-facing camera and a 23MP rear-facing camera that comes with the fastest autofocus in the smartphone market. There is a 2900mAh battery that gives the device up to 2 days of battery life. It has also received an IP68 rating for water and dust-resistance. Upon unboxing, the device runs on Android 5.1 OS with Sony Xperia UI on top of it. Available colors include white, gold, black, and green.. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile CREDO Mobile GIV Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Project Fi Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Expert Review User reviews. Limited Time Offer on Sony SSCS5 3-Way 3-Driver Bookshelf Speaker System (Black).. Limited Time Offer on Sony SSCS8 2-Way 3-Driver Center Channel Speaker, Black.. Limited Time Offer on Sony GTKXB90 High Power Portable Bluetooth Speaker.. Limited Time Offer on Sony PSHX500 Hi Res USB Turntable (Black).. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... iPhone Stuck on Black Screen and Ho.... Why is iMessage Not Working and How.... How to transfer phone contacts from.... iPhone Won't Charge and How To.... iPhone Apps Won't Update and H.... All You Need to Know About Sprint L.... Guide to Verizon Wireless Device Pa.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. LG Sunrise Samsung Galaxy Stardust ZTE Zephyr Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 6s Huawei Mate S Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad mini 4 Moto 360 Sport. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
The next video is starting stop. Sony Xperia Z5, review en español. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Prueba UC Browser: http://bit.ly/1My9Y5h Puedes comprar tu Z5 aquí: http://amzn.to/1jCouOr Suscríbete a Andro4all: http://goo.gl/LuuzTb Aquí está la review del Sony Xperia Z5, un terminal que viene directamente al top 3 de cámaras Android. ¿Será el mejor exponente fotográfico? Te lo contamos. Nuestras recomendaciones: Prueba GRATIS el servicio Premium de Amazon, lo peta: http://www.amazon.es/pruebapremiumgra... Xiaomi Mi Band: http://amzn.to/1IFntuH Moto 360: http://amzn.to/1yuRP2r Peluches Android: http://amzn.to/1xxA2lX Google Chromecast: http://amzn.to/1tLyPFc Cascos Bluetooth y NFC: http://amzn.to/1HZt0ws Nuestras redes sociales: Instagram: http://instagram.com/andro_4all Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/andro4all Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/andro4all G+: http://www.google.com/+andro4all http://www.andro4all.com Music by: MDK Song Title: Absolute Zero http://www.facebook.com/MDKOfficial http://www.youtube.com/MDKOfficialYT Buy the song here: http://www.mdkofficial.bandcamp.com/ Free Download: http://www.morgandavidking.com/free-d.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Galaxy S6 vs Xperia Z5: ¡Test de Cámara!. Sony Xperia Z5 VS iPhone 6s - Speed & Camera Test!. Sony Xperia Z5 VS Xperia Z3 - Speed Test!. SONY XPERIA Z6: Características, Novedades y Rumores. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium, Review en Español. Sony Xperia Z5 VS Z3+ VS Z3 VS Z2 - Speed test. Análisis Sony Xperia Z5, review en español. iPhone 7 Plus VS Samsung Galaxy S7 edge. Sony Xperia XZ, Review en español. 5 INVENTOS DE BICICLETA QUE DEBES TENER. TOP 5 CELULARES GAMA ALTA SONY 2017 - ELVICTV. Sony Xperia XZ Premium, review en español. Sony Xperia XA Ultra, review en español. Honor 9 Lite REVIEW: 4 CÁMARAS A BAJO COSTE!. Sony Xperia Z5 vs Samsung Galaxy S6 | Comparativa en Español. Xperia Z5 Premium - Análisis (Quédate hasta el final). Reseña del Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra (Review en español). Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: The devil is in the details. Google Play Newsstand now shows stories based on your interests. Apple's next iPhone reportedly ditches the headphone jack. The NSA's mass US phone surveillance ends tonight. Sony Xperia Z5 review: A decent phone overshadowed by the competition. At the start of 2015, Sony effectively gave up on making smartphones in the hope of recapturing former glories. Its mobile division now loses the company nearly $2 million per day even after being slimmed down to a fraction of its former size. The few devices that it launches each year are merely placeholders; products designed to keep the company's hand in just in case the next next big thing requires mobile expertise. It's an unenviable position for Sony's employees, knowing that they're effectively operating in a vacuum. When faced with that truth, there are only three options available to them: give up, throw every mad idea at the wall, or build a grand valediction and go out on a high. This is the starting point from which we will begin our examination of the mid-range Xperia Z5 .. Gallery: Sony Xperia Z5 review | 15 Photos. One of the best smartphone cameras on the market. Sony's design language is getting tired. Sony’s Xperia Z5 is a mobile photographer's dream with a breathtaking camera and great display. However, you’re likely to be turned offby the underwhelming battery life. It’s a respectable choice, but other Android handsetsare even more compelling.. Hardware Display and sound Software Camera. Depending on how you count, this is either the fifth, eighth or tenth handset to bear the "Xperia Z" name. They're all pretty similar-looking on account of the firm's Omnibalance design language that emphasizes symmetry and inoffensiveness, so not much changes year over year. Whereas previous generations of the device featured a prominent sleep/wake button on the right-hand side, this one adopts a flatter, wider alternative. That's because the button now doubles as a fingerprint sensor.. It's a uniquely Sony thing to do, since most other companies would simply have either discarded the feature or added it somewhere more convenient. HTC, Samsung and Apple have all placed fingerprint sensors on the home button, while LG and others have placed it on the underside of the device. That wouldn't have been good enough for Sony, however, and so it had to make it work so that it fitted in with your natural grip. It's an impressive amount of effort that will probably go unnoticed by a large number of users.. Another thing that Sony has clearly put plenty of effort into is ensuring that the 5.2-inch device feels a lot smaller than it actually is. At first blush, you might think that it's all hard angles and straight lines, but the sides of the device have all been rounded-off to ensure it doesn't dig into the fleshy, pain-sensitive parts of your palm. It all adds up to a piece of kit that's comfortable to hold for prolonged periods of time, although the trade-off here is that the phone's smooth glass back is pretty frictionless -- so there's that lingering risk that it could slide out of your greasy paw.. As with most of the company's devices, the Xperia Z5 is water and dust proof with an Ingress Protection rating of 65/68. In English, that means that it'll theoretically work in the harshest of sandstorms and can withstand immersion in shallow water for a short period if time. Of course, that only applies if the port cap that hides the SIM and microSD card trays is sealed, otherwise there'll be no comeback if the device breaks. Meanwhile, the micro-USB port that lives on the bottom of the device is "capless" and so the company advises that, should the worst happen, you let the phone dry out before attempting a recharge.. To finish off our hardware tour, the combined SIM and microSD tray is housed on the left side of the device, while the micro-USB port sits on the bottom. Remember the dock port that popped up on previous generations of Xperia Zs? That's gone too, making the whole device look less fussy and cluttered. Up top, you'll find the usual 3.5mm headphone jack, while down on the right you'll find the power sleep/wake fingerprint sensor, volume rocker and the dedicated camera button. The only features on the front beside that display is a super-subtle Sony logo and an adjacent 5-megapixel selfie cam, while the primary lens is in its usual place in the top left corner of the back.. Were you aware that Sony produced HDTVs and high-definition audio equipment? Because, come on, you should be; it's 2015, guys. As such, you'd expect this 5.2-inch 1,920 x 1,080 Triluminos LCD display to be one of the finest mobile screens on the market. The short answer, is that yes, it is, with faithful color reproduction, beautiful black levels and decent viewing angles that'll enable the person next to you on the plane to at least have a decent view of what you're watching.. As for sound, Sony has included the usual forward-facing stereo speakers at the top and bottom of the device that do a similar job as HTC's BoomSound setup. At full volume, audio is crisp, clear and just loud enough to enable you to hear it from across the room, but I wish it was louder and had stronger bass. Sony disagrees with me, of course, opting instead to bundle in its own high-res audio converter that trades loudness for clarity. That becomes more obvious when you put on a pair of half-decent headphones, since the phone can even make your average YouTube clip sound special.. Sony's famous for dragging its feet when it comes to getting users onto the latest and greatest version of Android. We may be celebrating the arrival of Marshmallow , but the Z5 is still lagging behind with Lollipop , although Sony is promising an update at some point. Sony has done its usual job of almost, but not quite, leaving Android alone, albeit with the usual additional apps and overlays that remind you that the company has video and audio stores it'd like you to buy from.. I won't bore you with discussions of Lollipop because, at this point, it's a year old and Sony's touches aren't noteworthy enough to talk about in detail. The one thing worth discussing is how the power button can pull double-duty as a fingerprint scanner. Setting this up was relatively easy. The app will repeatedly ask you to place your finger on the pad until it's developed a comprehensive picture of your print. If there's an issue with that, it's because, unlike when you shove your finger on a home button, you're not really thinking about where you drop your digit in its natural hold stance. Unfortunately, that means it fails to unlock the phone about a third of the time until you re-adjust your fingers.. Sony makes cameras for itself, components for firms like Nikon and Fujifilm, and imaging sensors for devices like the iPhone. It should come as no surprise that the Z5's 1/2.3-inch Exmor RS 23-megapixel camera is this device's standout feature. Behind the science and jargon is the claim that the phone's autofocus will be able to snap images into clarity within 0.03 seconds. In the company's promo materials, much was made of the phone being fast enough to catch your baby's first word or steps. In reality, the only thing that lets the camera down is the app's slow load time, which would delay you just long enough to miss being able to capture junior's first words.. Gallery: Sony Xperia Z5 sample shots | 28 Photos. Performance and battery life The competition Wrap-up. As a weak photographer, I often trust my smartphone to produce far better images than I'm capable of achieving with hours of fiddling in the settings. Thankfully, the Z5 can either take you in hand and do the legwork for you, or give you plenty of additional control in the manual mode. If you're a smarter shooter than me, then you'll be able to pick and choose between various scene options, as well as tweaking the white balance and exposure compensation.. As for the pictures themselves, they're some of the best you'll find on a smartphone and whatever I could throw at this lens, it was able to deal with. Sure, on a bright, clear day, the shots that I took have beautiful, subtle colors and sumptuous amounts of detail. On a walk through the graffiti-covered streets of East London, the Z5 was able to pluck out plenty of neat little details and even that 8x digital zoom produces shots you'd be happy to upload to Flickr.. It's the phone's night time performance that's more special, and while the images are still plenty noisy, it's still capable of capturing a lot of information. Take some of those shots of the night-time sky where you can actually see definition in the cloud and the different shades in the night. Even in a dark auditorium with only minimal edge lighting, the phone was able to produce images that may even beat the classic Nokia 1020. In fact, if Sony produces another QX10 -style portable lens camera, it could do worse than just shove the Z5's sensor into a device the size of something like the Narrative Clip. I know I'd struggle not to buy one.. I've never been a huge fan of benchmarks, since an artificial number can only hint at how your device will behave in the real world. A lot of the time it's a false measure, since how a phone works when grinding fake pixels isn't at all similar to making sure that Instagram refreshes properly. That prelude aside, here are the boring bits: The Xperia Z5 packs an octa-core Snapdragon 810 chip paired with Adreno 430 graphics and 3GB of RAM, putting on the same level as the Nexus 6P. If you won't be satisfied until you've seen some hard numbers, the benchmarks are listed below. For everyone else, rest assured, this phone is pretty damn fast.. Xperia Z5 Nexus 6P One A9 Galaxy S6 AndEBench Pro 6,989 7,377 7,750 10,552 Vellamo 3.2 5,204 5,105 2,585 3,677 3DMark IS Unlimited 23,190 21,847 9,076 21,632 GFXBench 3.0 1080p Manhattan Offscreen (fps) 23.3 25 6.6 25 CF-Bench 64,860 48,796 61,789 62,257. Each app loads within a second, there's no slowdown or jerkiness and you won't be left grunting in annoyance at the device, no matter what you're doing with it. If the benchmark for taxing apps is to play a demanding game like Asphalt 8 with the graphics turned way up, then the fact that the Z5 rarely dropped frames should be encouraging. The only thing that's worth mentioning is that the device gets appreciably warm when you run a performance-heavy app for a prolonged period of time.. Sony's Xperia Z5 comes with a 2,900mAh battery and a promise that the device will last up to two days on a charge. That's certainly the case if you're only using it casually, although playing some of those demanding mobile games will reduce its lifespan by quite a measure. In day-to-day use, I got down to 40-or-so percent by bedtime with a usage pattern I'll call "Engadget Editor at Home." Our standard rundown test involves playing an HD video on repeat with the brightness set to 50 percent; under those conditions, the device lasted seven hours and 19 minutes. If I'm honest, that's a little less than I had expected from a battery of this size. For comparison, Samsung's Galaxy S6 managed to last for 11 hours under the same conditions on a 2,550mAh cell.. Sony may want to sell its devices through a US carrier, but can't seem to get the networks excited enough to try. The launch of the Verizon-exclusive Z4v was a will-they, won't-they until the moment the pair ultimately decided to cancel the launch, not long before the arrival of the Z5. There's no guarantee that the Z5 will ever reach the US, but it's currently on sale, SIM-free in the UK for £549 ($843). That figure includes the country's 20 percent sales tax, so we'd assume that if it ever made the trip across the pond, it would cost somewhere in the region of $500. That, at least, is the best guess we can make in order to suggest to you some comparable devices.. For that sort of cash, you could pick up the Nexus 6P, which has the same Snapdragon 810 chip, Adreno 430 graphics and 3GB of RAM. The 32GB edition is priced at $499, putting it roughly on par with the Z5, at least in our guesswork. The key differences between the two is that the 6P has a bigger display and battery, but arguably a weaker camera. For $429 you could pick up the Nexus 5X , which has reduced internals but a camera that we described in our review as "pleasantly surprising." If you're reading this before the end of November 7th, you could also do worse than picking up a 32GB HTC A9 for $399. It's less powerful but also a pretty sweet handset for a lot less cash, which is something.. In all of the areas where Sony has a long and storied history of producing products, the Xperia Z5 is able to show its strengths. The camera has a fair claim to being one of the finest mobile lenses on the market today, and there's already a rumor that Samsung wants it for the next Galaxy. Same for the display, which I'd quite happily stare into for hours at a time, not to mention the performance, which stands shoulder-to-shoulder with its Android contemporaries.. But it's in those areas where Sony has less experience that things become problematic, like the battery life which can only be described as lackluster. If you judge your phone's longevity on how long it's likely to last during a long-haul flight, then the Xperia Z5 will barely get you from London to New York without a spare battery. Same too for the speakers, which aren't powerful enough for you to use your phone as a portable audio player without headphones. The same goes for software, and it's ludicrous that Sony would lag behind the curve here, considering Android M has been publicly known for months now. Even if the company was totally isolated from Google and wasn't given a heads-up beforehand, it's still had since June to get the latest version working on the Z5. No, software development isn't as simple as just installing a ROM onto your phone, but Sony can't claim to be an amateur here.. I guess it boils down to the fact that Sony is an engineering firm, and that engineering-led approach means that the Xperia Z5 is a beautifully constructed piece of hardware. The downside to that is that the device lacks any sense of personality, and that puts it behind some of its more popular rivals. It's certainly a good phone, but I'd struggle to say that it's a great one.. mobilepostcross , review , sony , sonyxperiaz5 , uk-reviews , xperiaz5 , z5. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. Canon's entry-level Rebel T7 DSLR targets social media users. It costs just $550 with an 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 kit lens.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Community Home Verizon Community Verizon Community Homepage Explore Topics People Content Announcements. Explore Search Sign In / Register Register 0 Sign In. Error: You don't have JavaScript enabled. This tool uses JavaScript and much of it will not work correctly without it enabled. Please turn JavaScript back on and reload this page.. Topics > Android > Discussions. You can not post a blank message. Please type your message and try again.. Latest reply on Dec 4, 2015 10:49 PM by Tidbits. Will Verizon work with the Sony Xperia Z5?. ebe3692 Nov 18, 2015 8:17 PM. Tags: none ( add ). Wondering if there is going to be a CDMA version of the Z5 that will work with verizon. This content has been marked as final.. Show 6 replies. Re: Will Verizon work with the Sony Xperia Z5?. ( in response to ebe3692 ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). I would also like to know the answer to this as well.. Re: Will Verizon work with the Sony Xperia Z5?. ( in response to Senson32 ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Thanks for reaching out to us and at this moment the device is not compatible with our network. You can continue checking our website for future availability. GersonG_VZW Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport If my response answered your question please click the �Correct Answer� button under my response. This ensures others can benefit from our conversation. Thanks in advance for your help with this!!. Re: Will Verizon work with the Sony Xperia Z5?. ( in response to ebe3692 ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). I too have been wondering this question, and I've yet to get an answer that satisfies. Here's what I've found out, doubt it's any different than what you might already know, but it might help someone else.. I was told in the store, by a rep (who works PT in a NOC), that Verizon technically isn't an CDMA network anymore, and they've been full LTE for quite some time.. I asked him if an unlocked LTE phone, not issued by VZW would work on VZW LTE. He explained, if it's an LTE phone you should be able to put the VZW sim card in, and the phone should work. He seemed extremely confident in his answer.. I looked up LTE bands, etc, and I saw that VZW has 3 assigned 'bands', "13", "4", and "2".. Via 'phonescoop dot comm' I was able to determine from the information they have listed, that currently the Z5 does support LTE bands "2" & "4".. Now technically this is all a bunch of mumbo jumbo, and I think the best thing to do would be for somebody to take the risk, purchase the phone and then 'record' a video showing it working. I've been checking the internet daily, hoping somebody will upload a video showing this. I'm confident somebody will do this as there are too many people like us who aren't satisfied with the VZW lineup and are extremely interested in this phone. If I could guarantee I had a backup buyer for the phone after I bought it, I'd gladly take the risk and try it. If you yourself decide to do this, please post a video, that's easy to find.. I think a good time to expect some videos to pop up would be after Xmas, OR maybe even see one in person and ask someone if they'd be willing to let you try putting in a VZW sim.. Re: Will Verizon work with the Sony Xperia Z5?. ( in response to Verizon Wireless Customer Support ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Canadian BELL offers CDMA + LTE xperia z5 premium.. if unlocked will it work with Verizon? Im seriously thinking switching companies because you never carry phones people want and always the latest to the game. Re: Will Verizon work with the Sony Xperia Z5?. ( in response to ETadrous ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). We never want you to consider a move from our wireless family Emad. I understand your desire for a particular phone model, and we would love to have every phone model available for our customer but not all phones have the technology required to be compatible with our superior network. While we cannot guarantee that unlocking a phone would make work with our network, I assure you that any of our currently available phone will provide you with an excellent wireless experience. Please visit this link to review our Smartphones lineup: vzw.com/Smartphones. AntonioC_VZW Follow us on Twitter @VZWSupport If my response answered your question please click the "Correct Answer" button under my response. This ensures others can benefit from our conversation. Thanks in advance for your help with this!!. Re: Will Verizon work with the Sony Xperia Z5?. ( in response to ebe3692 ). Like Show 0 Likes (0). Without all spectrum support from CDMA to GSM the answer is no. The most important band is band 13 for LTE. If it isn't there then it will never authenticate.. Home | Top of page. Verizon Wireless Community Software Version: 8.0.3.1 , revision: 20160414082626.1619a91.release_8.0.3.x. 
Find it, buy it and tell us how you really feel.. There's a lot to like about this in spite of a few flaws.. There's a lot to like about this in spite of a few flaws.. The Engadget Score is a unique ranking of products based on extensive independent research and analysis by our expert editorial and research teams. The Global Score is arrived at only after curating hundreds, sometimes thousands of weighted data points (such as critic and user reviews).. Sony’s Xperia Z5 is a mobile photographer's dream with a breathtaking camera and great display. However, you’re likely to be turned offby the underwhelming battery life. It’s a respectable choice, but other Android handsetsare even more compelling.. One of the best smartphone cameras on the market. Sony's design language is getting tired. Mini Review: Sony Xperia X Performance. Xperia Z5, Z5 Premium, and Z5 Compact Hands-On. Sony Xperia Z2 Tablet Sample Fotage. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: The devil is in the details. The new flagship is a big bundle of small changes.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books, Comics & Magazines Business, Office & Industrial Cameras & Photography Cars, Motorcycles & Vehicles Clothes, Shoes & Accessories Coins Collectables Computers/Tablets & Networking Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs, Films & TV Events Tickets Garden & Patio Health & Beauty Holidays & Travel Home, Furniture & DIY Jewellery & Watches Mobile Phones & Communication Music Musical Instruments Pet Supplies Pottery, Porcelain & Glass Property Sound & Vision Sporting Goods Sports Memorabilia Stamps Toys & Games Vehicle Parts & Accessories Video Games & Consoles Wholesale & Job Lots Everything Else. Hello ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Sell Help & Contact. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages Collect & Spend Learn more. Refine your search for sony xperia z5. All listings - Current page. Quickly compare products with our new grouped view. results for sony xperia z5. Save sony xperia z5 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow sony xperia z5 to stop getting updates on your eBay feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. United Kingdom - UK Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 - 32GB - (UNLOCKED/SIM FREE) - Smartphone. Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 / Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 - 32GB - (UNLOCKED/SIM FREE). Sony Xperia Z5 - 32GB - (Unlocked) Smartphone. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Unlocked Sim Free Smartphone. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact 32GB - Black - Excellent condition EE. Black Sony Ericssion Xperia Z5 COMPACT 23MP LTE 32GB - Unlocked Mobile Phone. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 - 32GB - Chrome (Unlocked) Smartphone. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact 32GB - Black - Excellent condition EE. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact 32GB Yellow UNLOCKED Sim Free Smartphone Android. Unlocked Smartphone Sony Ericsson Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB 4G LTE Octa-core - Black. Unlocked Smartphone Sony Ericsson Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB 4G LTE Octa-core Android. Sony Xperia Z5 - 32GB - Green Unlocked Smartphone Android 7.1. Sony Ericsson Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB 4G LTE Octa-core Unlocked Smart Phone - White. Brand New Sony Xperia Z5 E6633 4G Dual Sim Free Unlocked Phone 32GB Black. New Unlocked Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 32GB GPS 4.6" 4G LTE Smartphone Black. 5.2'' Sony XPERIA Z5 E6653 4G 32GB 23MP Quad-core(GSM Unlocked ) Smartphone. Unlocked 5.2"New Sony Ericsson Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB 23MP Mobile Phone - 5 Colors. 4pcs Middle Frame Protection Corner For Sony Xperia Z5 E6683 E6633 E6653 Newest. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6883 32GB Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone Black Chrome Gold. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 - 32GB - Graphite (Unlocked) Smartphone. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 - 32GB - FACTORY UNLOCKED SIM FREE Octa Core 23MP. Original Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Rugged Case Tech Survival Industrial Rock Black. Shocksock Pouch Slip Case for Sony Xperia Z5 Durable Neoprene Construction. Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 -32GB- White/Black/Gr een/Gold/Pink - (UNLOCKED/SIMF REE). Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Black/Chrome 32GB Grades New Other - Used Smartphones. Sony Xperia Z5 32GB Storage Black/White or Gold Unlocked Smartphone (E6653 ). For SONY XPERIA Z5 Premium Leather Magnetic Flip Wallet Case Cover. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Unlocked Sim Free Refurbished Android Smartphone. BNIB SONY XPERIA Z5 PREMIUM E6853 32GB GOLD FACTORY UNLOCKED SINGLE SIM SIMFREE. Sony Xperia Z5 32GB Mobile Smartphone Black-Green-Wh ite-Gold GRADED. Sony Xperia Z5 - 32GB - Unlocked SIM Free Smartphone mix GRADE. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 32gb Unlocked Sim Free Smartphone mix GRADED. Sony Xperia Z5 32GB Unlocked Black FAULTY - READ LISTING (182). Sony Ericssion XPERIA Z5 E6653 - 23MP - 32GB - 4G Smart Phone - Black - Unlocked. New GSM Unlocked Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 4G LTE 5.5" Smartphone Gold. Unlocked Sony Ericsson Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB 32MP 4G LTE GPS Smartphone Green. Sony Xperia Z5 Originai Leather Case Ultra Low Profile Card Wallet Retro Black. Rugged Extreme Elements Military Survival Stand Black Sony Xperia Z5. Original Unlocked Sony Ericsson Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB 32MP 4G LTE Smartphone Gold. GENUINE SONY XPERIA Z5 E6653 - 32GB - GRAPHITE BLACK- SIMFREE SMARTHPHONE. Unlocked Sony Ericsson Xperia Z5 E6653 32GB 32MP 4G Smartphone Graphite Black. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5803 32GB Graphite Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact 32GB Unlocked Black FAULTY - READ LISTING (162). Sony Xperia Z5 premium 4K FHD 5.5" 4G Quad Cord 23MP 32GB Chrome AU warranty. sony xperia z5 premium - 32GB - Black Unlocked. New Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 White 23MP 32GB 2GB Ram 4G Unlocked SmartPhone. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 -32GB- Chrome/Black/G old/Pink - (UNLOCKED/SIMF REE). Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6653 - 32GB - Graphite Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. New Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 Black 5.2" 23MP 32GB 3GB Ram 4G LTE Android SmartPhone. 4.6" Sony Ericsson XPERIA Z5 Compact E5823 4G LTE 32GB 23MP Unlocked Smartphone. Sony Xperia Z5 (E6653) Single Sim, Grey, 32GB (Locked to o2) Smartphone. Sony Xperia Z5 E6653 - 32GB - Graphite Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. New 32GB Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 23MP 5.5" Smartphone Black. New 32GB Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 23MP 5.5" Smartphone Gold. Unlocked 4.6" Sony Ericsson Xperia Z5 Compact 32GB E5823 4G LTE 23MP Smart Phone. SONY XPERIA Z5 Hard Black Hybrid Rubberised Shockproof Bumper Case Durable. Sony Xperia Z5 Rugged Rock Oleophobic Cover Bumper Flip Stand Black Case. 12 MONTHS WARRANTY - FAST SHIPPING - AMAZING PRICE!. Customs services and international tracking provided. 12 MONTHS WARRANTY - FAST SHIPPING - AMAZING PRICE!. FREE 12 MONTH WARRANTY - FREE ACCESSORIES - 100% TESTED. Customs services and international tracking provided. See more like this Black Sony Ericssion Xperia Z5 COMPACT 23MP LTE 32GB - Unlocked Mobile Phone. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. See more like this Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 - 32GB - FACTORY UNLOCKED SIM FREE Octa Core 23MP. 12 MONTHS WARRANTY - FAST SHIPPING - AMAZING PRICE!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. FREE 12 MONTH WARRANTY - FREE ACCESSORIES - 100% TESTED. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. See more like this New GSM Unlocked Sony Xperia Z5 Premium E6853 4G LTE 5.5" Smartphone Gold. Customs services and international tracking provided. See more like this Sony Xperia Z5 premium 4K FHD 5.5" 4G Quad Cord 23MP 32GB Chrome AU warranty. IP68 Certified NFC GPS 4.6” Display 1 Year Warranty. Customs services and international tracking provided. 12 MONTHS WARRANTY - FAST SHIPPING - AMAZING PRICE!. Two Year Warranty-Wifi NFC Mobile Phone 23MP Camera. Customs services and international tracking provided. We work out the trending price by crunching the data on the product’s sale price over the last 90 days.. We work out the trending price by crunching the data on the product’s sale price over the last 90 days. New refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, while Used refers to an item that has been used previously.. eBay Premium Service Excellent customer service as rated by buyers 30-day returns A free delivery option A fast delivery option Learn more. eBay Premium Service Excellent customer service as rated by buyers 30-day returns A free delivery option A fast delivery option Learn more. £ Enter minimum price to £ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicised text are for items listed in currency other than Pounds Sterling and are approximate conversions to Pounds Sterling based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international postage options and costs.. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Sony Xperia Z5: Camera features explored. A closer look at the Xperia Z5 camera: Just how good is it?. How good is the Sony Xperia Z5 camera?. The Sony Xperia Z5 has one of the most impressive-sounding phone cameras ever made. Not only does it come from the company that makes all the best phone camera sensors, it has a higher-megapixel count than any Sony-sensor phone to date. Add phase detection autofocus, more modes than any other rival and the Xperia Z5 sounds like the best phone camera ever.. Even DXOMark has pegged the Sony Xperia Z5 camera as the best among phones. But is it really? We’re going to take a much closer look at what the phone really offers on the photo front.. Related: Sony Xperia Z5 review. Sony makes most of the top phone camera sensors. These are the bits that actually harvest the light that streams through the lens, one of the most important elements of any camera.. The Sony Xperia Z5 has a sensor currently exclusive to it and the Z5 Compact, the IMX300. Sony is clearly out to give it an advantage over phones like the Moto X Style, which have kinda-similar 21-megapixel sensors.. And sure enough it is slightly larger than the 21-megapixel IMX230 sensor: it is 1/2.3-inch to the IMX230’s 1/2.4 inches. This lets it maintain 1.1 micron-size sensor pixels. These are the tiny little units that actually pick up the light that makes a camera’s images, and keeping them a decent size is the key to avoiding a camera having to raise ISO sensitivity (which increases noise) and having to use more intense noise reduction software. Sensor pixel size is also one of the lead elements of providing good dynamic range.. The one big issue is that the Sony Xperia Z5 doesn’t really want to take 23-megapixel images. It would rather take 8-megapixel images, the default size in all modes. You need to manually select 23-megapixel shooting, and it rules-out using certain modes.. Here’s how the phone’s detail compares to the Samsung Galaxy S6 and HTC One A9 , both of which have lower-resolution cameras.. Related: Sony Xperia Z6 release date. As you can see, the Sony Xperia Z5 can render a decent amount of fine detail. And we also need to consider that its 24mm lens gives you a more zoomed-out view than most phones. Is this a benefit? There’s no right or wrong when it comes to focal lengths, but I’d rather have something closer to 35mm.. Right down at pixel level, though, the Z5’s image is an awful lot fizzier than that of the Galaxy S6 or One A9. The issue is that this tends to completely destroy some fine details, particular in textures like the brickwork on a building. Just look at the house at the bottom of the zoomed-in images. In both Xperia Z5 shots it’s turned into mush where you can see bricks in the S6 and One A9 shots. The ultra-high resolution of the Z5 is ultimately a red herring.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. One other big feature of the IMX300 sensor is inbuilt phase detection. This is the kind of focusing used by DSLRs.. If a phone doesn’t have phase detection, and most don’t, they use something called contrast detection. All this does is to look at what the sensor sees and works through the AF range to work out when the image is sharpest, the point of greatest contrast in other words. Aside from needing a degree of contrast in the scene to work well, what slows down contrast detection is that it actually needs to go beyond the point of focus, then track back.. After all, while there’s always going to be a point at which the image is sharpest, the camera brain only knows it has reached that point when it has gone past it, because the image will start getting softer again.. Phase detection is different, using focusing pixels in front of or on the sensor at either end of the lens to work out whether an image is in-focus. This is rather more complicated-sounding than contrast detection, but looks at the trajectory of the incoming light to look at whether it’s heading in the right direction.. This lets it judge focus far more quickly because it doesn’t have to go back an forth like contrast detection. It makes the Xperia Z5 generally very quick at skipping from close-up focusing to locking onto the far-away background.. But now let’s get back down to earth. The Sony Xperia Z5 isn’t as fast as phase detection promises because there is a bit of shutter lag. This encompasses any delay between when you press the shutter button and the picture actually being taken. It’s not quite as fast as the Samsung Galaxy S6 and iPhone 6S.. I also found that in ultra low light conditions the Sony Xperia Z5 reverts to using contrast detection. And compared with the Galaxy S6 and HTC One A9 it’s actually quite slow at focusing in this situation. Even though they’re all using contrast detection. Could it be because the Z5 isn’t all that well-schooled in how to used contrast detection?. The back-forward motion required in contrast detection is very obvious in low-light conditions.. Here’s where we come to the major shortfall of the Sony Xperia Z5: low-light shooting abilities. Unlike several rivals, the Z5 does not have true optical image stabilisation. You may have seen something called ‘SteadyShot’ in its feature list, but this is actually something quite different.. In this case at least, this means the Z5 has software video stabilisation, where the software cuts into the view of the camera, using the outer bits to buffer any juddery movements you might make. It’s no use for stills shooting.. For a demonstration of how this affects day-to-day shooting, here’s a comparison of the Z5, Galaxy S6 and HTC One A9 in low-light shooting.. As you can see, while the Xperia Z5 retains far less detail than the others despite getting the scene to a good level of brightness. And this was the best result I got from about 20 exposures of the same scene. The Samsung Galaxy S6’s results were far, far more consistent and all were in-focus.. The Sony Xperia Z5’s actual boast for low-light shooting is something you’d ideally never want to use, ISO sensitivity that goes all the way up to 12800. It is raising sensitivity that causes noise in the first place, essentially giving the camera free rein to use less light to make a brighter image. That’s what results in all that noisy distortion.. It’s really just something to make the phone’s features list look better too, as the Xperia Z5 basically very rarely uses this high an ISO setting. The highest I got the ISO to go is 10000, shooting in a virtual light-free cupboard. Granted, this is a lot higher than the 2500 some phones seem to top out at.. One of the elements I have always found seriously impressive about the Xperia Z phones is how intense their low-light processing can be, though. They can make dark indoors scenes appear far brighter and clearer than they are to our eyes, by whacking up the ISO sensitivity and then using intense noise reduction to stop the image from looking horrible.. It’s this that the Sony Xperia Z5 is generally better at doing than any of its rivals. Still, the Samsung Galaxy S6 is still a far better low-light shooter.. What the Xperia Z5 also really excels at is providing extra modes you don’t get elsewhere, ones that use augmented reality to superimpose 3D objects onto your images. While it’s ultimately a bit of fun, it seems to be among the most taxing things the phone can do. The real-time processing required is a CPU-strainer.. The AR extras boil down to two modes. One has been around for ages now, and superimposes scenes onto the camera’s view of the world, keeping them in (roughly) the same spot even as you turn and move the phone.. One you might have seen demonstrated before is ‘Dinosaur’, which plonks a volcano and T-rex into your living room. There are now loads of extra scenes to download from Google Play too. It’s a sure-fire way to entertain young kids for a little while.. The newer side to the Sony Xperia Z5’s AR abilities is AR Mask. This one is far more amusing, using the selfie camera (although it can be used with the rear one too) to plaster a 3D mask over your face. This mask also has a mouth that opens and closes in time with yours. Masks that come pre-installed include a bunch of people, a cat and a gorilla. You can also take a picture of your own face and the phone will turn it into a 3D mask automatically. For less of an intense AR tweak, there are also ‘Style Portraits’. These do things like to put digital makeup on you.. There’s so much stuff in the Sony Xperia Z5 camera app we couldn’t really cover it all in our main review. We’ve not even touched on the ‘standard’ creative effects yet, and they’re far more dynamic than what you get in most phone camera apps. Rather than laboriously listing them, here are some samples of what you can come up with.. The Sony Xperia Z5 has a good camera. However, its high megapixel count and the bold claims made about its abilities mean it has been somewhat overhyped.. This is not a revolutionary camera, at all. And as it does not have OIS, it’s not the most versatile camera either. Many of the voices out there calling it the best phone camera in existence seem to be those of people looking to justify buying the phone.. In reality, the camera is really just a step on from that of previous top-end Xperias, and not a particularly dramatic one either. We’re sorry for ending this one with a shrug of the shoulders, but the search for a perfect ‘next-gen’ phone camera continues.. Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. 
