Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. Sony Xperia X Compact - U.... has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Comment: Small (less than 1/4" x 1/4") cosmetic imperfection on front of item. Small scratches on back of item (up to 1/2 in.). Item is in original packaging, but packaging has damage.. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Get up to a $13.55 Gift Card.. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. 2-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $49 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Amazon's Choice recommends highly rated, well-priced products available to ship immediately.. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 12 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by Mobiles International LLC and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. Compact 4.6" HD display, durable Corning Gorilla glass 4, and a rounded design that fits comfortably in your hand. 23MP camera with triple image sensors (Predictive Hybrid Autofocus, Laser Autofocus, and RGBC IR) captures your moments in motion and in true-to-life color in any condition.. SteadyShot video with 5-axis video stabilization for smoother action videos and steadier close-ups and selfie videos.. 32GB onboard memory and up to 256GB expandable with MicroSD card.Whether you’re using your Xperia smartphone with Wi-Fi or out and about, browsing, uploading and streaming are fast and glitch-free.. Nano SIM, unlocked and compatible with GSM/LTE carriers utilizing GSM network such as AT&T, T-Mobile, Straight Talk, MetroPCS, Simple Mobile, Bright spot, Net10, h20 Wireless, Cricket Wireless. Find the latest gadgets from today's brightest startups on Amazon Launchpad. One of these items ships sooner than the other. This item: Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty) $329.99. Only 12 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by Mobiles International LLC and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. [3-PACK]- Mr Shield For Sony Xperia X Compact [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H… $6.99. Sold by Mr.Shield and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. Sony Xperia X Compact case, KuGi Sony Xperia X Compact -[ Drop /Shock/ scratch] TPU Bumper Case for… $7.95. Sold by Vostrostone US and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact - Factory Unlocked Phone - 4.6" Screen - 32GB - Black (U.S. Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 32GB 4.6 Inch 23MP 4G LTE FACTORY UNLOCKED - International Stock No Warranty (UNIVERSE BLACK). Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 2GB/32GB 23MP 4.6-inch 4G LTE Factory Unlocked (BLACK) - International Stock No Warranty. Sony Xperia Z3 Compact D5803 16GB 4G LTE 4.6" Unlocked GSM Android Smartphone - Black -. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact - Factory Unlocked Phone - 4.6" Screen - 32GB - Twilight Pink (U.S. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. [3-PACK]- Mr Shield For Sony Xperia X Compact [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. AMZER Pudding TPU Slim Soft Gel Skin Case Thin Protective Cover for Sony Xperia X Compact - Black. Sony Xperia X Compact case, KuGi Sony Xperia X Compact -[ Drop /Shock/ scratch] TPU Bumper Case for Sony Xperia X Compact smartphone (Clear). Sony Xperia X Compact Case, [Invisible Armor] Crystal Clear, Ultra Slim, Soft Resilient, Lightweight Rubber Bumper Case| Back Cover -Thinnest Case Ever. Sony Xperia X Compact Screen Protector, IQ Shield LiQuidSkin Full Coverage Screen Protector for Sony Xperia X Compact (F5321) HD Clear Anti-Bubble Film. Sony Xperia X Compact screen protector tempered glass, Feitenn 3D Curved Full Screen film 0.2mm HD Clear Gorilla Glass Protector Film For Sony Xperia X Compact (Black). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. The ultimate compact smartphone with Sony Xperia’s state-of-the-art camera, video, and audio capabilities.. 23MP Camera with new triple image sensing technology. Predictive Hybrid Autofocus tracks your subject and predicts its next move so you capture every moment with the sharpest quality.. The Laser Autofocus sensor calculates the distance to the subject and focuses on it with lightning-fast speed for blur-less shots, even in low light.. The RGBC Infrared sensor separates natural and fluorescent/LED light to ensure the most accurate color reproduction regardless of light source conditions.. 4.6 inch HD display, durable Gorilla Glass, and a rounded 'loop surface' design that fits comfortably in your hand.. World’s First 5-Axis Image Stabilization In A Smartphone. SteadyShot 5-axis image stabilization technology is steadier in every possible direction. You are able to shoot clear and smooth videos while on the move.. Hi-Res Audio And Dual Speaker Sound System. Updated stereo dual microphone and speaker system with integrated noise cancellation, Hi-Res audio capability with DSEE-HX, LDAC and automatic headset compensation support.. Explore distant galaxies from the kitchen, or score spectacular goals on your balcony. PS4 Remote Play lets you lose yourself in gameplay.. 5“ HD / Super Vivid Mode. 6” Full HD / Super Vivid Mode. 5“ Full HD / Dynamic Contrast Enhancer. 5“ Full HD / Dynamic Contrast Enhancer. 4.6” HD / Corning Gorilla Glass / Dynamic Contrast Enhancer. 5.2” Full HD / Corning Gorilla Glass / Dynamic Contrast Enhancer. 13MP / Sony Exmor RS Sensor / Hybrid AF <0.15 seconds. 21MP / Sony Exmor RS Sensor / Hybrid AF <0.15 seconds. 23MP / Sony Exmor RS Sensor / Predictive Hybrid AF / 24mm Wide Sony G Lens. 23MP / Sony Exmor RS Sensor / Predictive Hybrid AF / 24mm Wide Sony G Lens. 23MP / Sony Exmor RS Sensor / Predictive Hybrid AF / Laser AF Sensor / RGBC-IR Sensor / 24mm Wide Sony G Lens. 23MP / Sony Exmor RS Sensor / Predictive Hybrid AF / Laser AF Sensor / RGBC-IR Sensor / 24mm Wide Sony G Lens. 8MP / Sony Exmor R Sensor / 88 degree Wide Angle / ISO 3200. 16MP / Sony Exmor R Sensor / Optical Image Stabilization / Smart Selfie Flash / 88 degree wide Angle / ISO 6400. 13MP / Sony Exmor R Sensor / 22mm Wide / ISO 6400. 13MP / Sony Exmor R Sensor / 22mm Wide / ISO 6400. 5MP / Sony Exmor R Sensor / 22mm Wide / ISO 6400. 13MP / Sony Exmor R Sensor / 22mm Wide / ISO 6400. Hi-Res Audio / Stereo Speakers / Digital Noise Canceling / DSEE HX, LDAC, AHC. Hi-Res Audio / Stereo Speakers / Digital Noise Canceling / DSEE HX, LDAC, AHC. Hi-Res Audio / Stereo Speakers / Digital Noise Canceling / DSEE HX, LDAC, AHC. Hi-Res Audio / Stereo Speakers / Digital Noise Canceling / DSEE HX, LDAC, AHC. Mediatek Helio P10 / Octa-core 8x A53,@ 2.0GHz / Mali-T860 / 2GB RAM / 16GB Flash memory / Up to 200 GB microSD card. Mediatek Helio P10 / Octa-core 8x A53,@ 2.0GHz / Mali-T860 / 3GB RAM / 16GB Flash memory / Up to 200 GB microSD card. Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 / 2x 1.8GHz, 4x 1.2GHz / Qualcomm Adreno 510 / 3GB RAM / 32GB Flash memory / Up to 200 GB microSD card. Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 / 2x2.2GHz, 2x 1.6GHz / Qualcomm Adreno 530 / 3GB RAM / 32GB Flash memory / Up to 200 GB microSD card. Qualcomm Snapdragon 650/ 2x 1.8GHz, 4x 1.2GHz / Qualcomm Adreno 510 / 3GB RAM / 32GB Flash / Up to 256 GB expandable microSD card. Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 / 2x 2.2GHz, 2x 1.6GHz / Qualcomm Adreno 530 / 3GB RAM / 32GB Flash / Up to 256 GB expandable microSD card. 2300mAh / QNOVO Adaptive Charging / Quick Charge Ready. 2700mAh / QNOVO Adaptive Charging / Quick Charge Ready. 2620mAh / QNOVO Adaptive Charging / Quick Charger Included. 2700mAh / QNOVO Adaptive Charging / Quick Charger Included. 2700mAh / QNOVO Adaptive Charging / Type C USB Charging / QC3.0 Quick Charger Included. 2900mAh / QNOVO Adaptive Charging / Type C USB Charging / QC3.0 Quick Charger Included. 5.65 x 2.62 x 0.31 in / 4.9 oz. 6.45 x 3.11 x 0.33 in / 7.1 oz. 5.6 x 2.73 x 0.31 in / 5.4 oz. 5.6 x 2.77 x 0.33 in / 5.8 oz. 5.07 x 2.55 x 0.37 in / 4.7 oz. 5.76 x 2.83 x 0.32 in / 5.6 oz. LTE Bands: 2, 4, 5, 7, 12, 13, 17, 28 / UMTS HSPA+: 850, 900, 1700, 1900, 2100 / GSM GPRS/EDGE: 850, 900, 1800, 1900. LTE Bands: 2, 4, 5, 7, 12, 13, 17, 28 / UMTS HSPA+: 850 , 900, 1700, 1900, 2100, / GSM GPRS/EDGE: 850, 900, 1800, 1900. LTE Bands: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 19, 20, 26, 28, 38, 39, 40, 41 / UMTS HSPA+: 800, 800, 850, 900, 1700, 1900, 2100 / GSM GPRS/EDGE: 850, 900, 1800, 1900. LTE Bands: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8,12,13,17,19, 20, 26, 28, 29, 38, 39, 40, 41 / UMTS HSPA+: 800, 850, 900, 1700, 1900, 2100 / GSM GPRS/EDGE: 850, 900, 1800, 1900. LTE Bands: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 19, 20, 26, 28, 38, 39, 40, 41 / UMTS HSPA+: 800, 850, 900, 1700, 1900, 2100 / GSM GPRS/EDGE: 850, 900, 1800, 1900. LTE Bands: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 19, 20, 26, 28, 29, 32, 38, 39, 40, 41 / UMTS HSPA+: 800, 850, 900, 1700, 1900, 2100 / GSM GPRS/EDGE: 850, 900, 1800, 1900. 0.37 x 2.55 x 5.07 in. 0.3 x 5 x 2.5 in. 0.34 x 2.7 x 5.6 in. 0.34 x 2.56 x 5 in. 2.6 x 5.7 x 0.3 in. 0.32 x 2.83 x 5.76 in. Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact - Factory Unlocked Phone - 4.6" Screen - 32GB - Black (U.S. Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia Z3 Compact D5803 16GB 4G LTE 4.6" Unlocked GSM Android Smartphone - Black -. Sony Xperia XA1 - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XZ - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Mineral Black (US Warranty). The all-new Xperia X Compact represents the ultimate in Sony Xperia’s state-of-the-art camera, video and audio capabilities in a compact design that fits great in your pocket, purse or bag, as well as in your hand. The visual and audio excellence of the Xperia X Compact starts with the introduction of “triple-sensing” to the highly advanced 23MP camera, combining our Predictive Hybrid Autofocus, Laser Autofocus and RGB Infrared sensors to clearly capture any moment in your life with ease and accuracy. Video capabilities now include further enhancements to our best-in-class SteadyShot technology, the world’s first 5-axis image stabilization in a smartphone delivers the most stable videos. Xperia X Compact also features an updated stereo dual microphone system to ensure the immersive 3D stereo sound quality matches the outstanding picture quality. All of these features, along with the 4.6-inch Corning Gorilla Glass 4 HD display and rounded “loop surface” design, give you a stylish, durable, powerful and comfortable smartphone loaded with the latest in audio-visual innovation from Sony in a compact design.. 2.5 x 0.4 x 5.1 inches. 8.8 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #25,228 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #542 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 56% 4 star 22% 3 star 7% 2 star 4% 1 star 11%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Best Compact Android you can buy in Nov 2016. I recently purchased the White US version of the X Compact for $350 after a great two years with this phone’s grandfather the Z3C. After debating whether to purchase the X Compact, Galaxy S7, Google Pixel and Honor 8, I’m quite happy with my decision to choose the X Compact. There have been some extremely critical reviews of the device - discrediting it as no longer being the compact flagship, but for the niche market that enjoys small-form factor android phones, the device is top of class. This review will highlight some of the unique features that I’ve encountered as well as addressing some of the harsh criticisms I’ve seen in other reviews. Design: I’ve always been a fan of Sony’s clean and minimalist design language for its Xperia line and this phone is no exception. In a market where every phone seems to have a utilitarian brushed metal or flashy, shiny design, the white model of this phone is a refreshing change. The looped edges (which are very akin to the Lumia Windows Phones) and small size of the device offer the perfect dimensions for one handed operation without performing a balancing act with your fingers. The 2.5D curved glass that seamlessly loops into to back of the unit offers a unique feeling I’ve never experienced. The phone also does a great job of catching the light in interesting ways and it's been the first phone I’ve used that has literally turned heads when walking down the street. Build: Many people have been really harsh on this phone for having a plastic rear. While it is true that it can be easily scratched, I think Sony has gracefully addressed one of the biggest complaints of their previous lines while keeping true to their design aesthetic. Let me explain: the two predecessors to this phone, the Z3C and Z5C both had glass panels on the rear of the phone. While elegant and more scratch resistant than plastic, the phones were prone to spontaneous cracking, even while in a case. Sony could have gone the route of using a metal back, but at the cost of poor reception or having a plastic chin (like the Xperia XZ). Ultimately, it would go against their clean slab design language they’ve retained for the previous lines. As someone who has always used his phone with a case or a skin, having the plastic back is not a problem. Another pain-point with this phone has been the lack of waterproofing - a feature that the Xperia phones have become iconic for. After seeing videos online of people testing the waterproofing and conducting my own tests, I can confirm that this phone is in fact waterproof. I can’t make any claims for the actual ingress rating, but I’ve been able to use my phone in the shower everyday since purchase without problems. My theory is the Sony omitted waterproofing as an official feature because they knew that labor costs of warranty claims would not be cost effective for the volume sold to the US and UK markets, where larger devices reign supreme. If that isn’t evidence enough, the X Compact in Asian markets have the waterproof rating where Sony has more resources to make warranty claims and where smaller devices are more popular. Update 01/05/2016: I took the phone with me to the Caribbean decided to take the risk by using it while diving. The phone performed wonderfully and took stunning videos. The only downside was that it didn't seem to have the same touch rejection that the official waterproof phones have so the screen had random touch events while it was under water due to the salt water triggering the capacitive touch sensor. The final pain-point I’ve seen with this phone is the fact that the US version does not have a fingerprint scanner. It does indeed have a fingerprint scanner, but because of a patent conflict with Hewlett-Packard, Sony had to disable it for the US markets. If you’re willing to get your hands dirty with android development, you can actually download and install the signed, UK firmware of the phone to enable the fingerprint scanner. As a plus, since the firmware is official and signed by Sony, you will not lose your warranty if you conduct the procedure. And boy, what a fingerprint scanner it is. The scanner is extremely accurate, placed in the perfect position and unlocks my phone before I can even pull it out of my pocket. As for the rest of the phone, the device has the signature dual front facing speakers that are a huge improvement from the Z3C speakers. They won’t wow anyone with their loudness, but they’re perfect having crisp clean audio for sharing media with friends. The camera button is always welcomed and has a tactile dual click to allow focus lock before capture when taking pictures. The volume controls, on the other hand are in an awkward place. Sony has a tendency to place the volume buttons close to the camera shutter for use as a zoom keys, but I’ve noticed that I more often than not pinch the screen to zoom in so I would love to see those keys moved to the upper-left side of the device. Display: This is hands down one of the most gorgeous displays I have ever used. I’ve held this phone up to a Google Pixel (which has an AMOLED screen) and this device can go toe-to-toe with the Pixel’s Brightness and Saturation despite having a LCD panel screen. It's absolutely incredible how beautiful the display is. The colors are juicy and watching movies on the device is an absolute pleasure. That being said, unfortunately because it is an LCD panel it cannot achieve the absolute blackness that an AMOLED screen can. It’s not noticeable enough to bother me, but I can see how that could be an issue for people coming from AMOLED devices. Many people have been hyper-critical of the fact that this phone uses a 720p display in 2016. A 720p display is perfect for a display this size. iPhones have had similar resolutions for years without any complaint. Here is a comparison with the current generation iPhone handsets: iPhone SE: 4.0inch Screen at 1136 x 640 (320 pixels per inch) X Compact: 4.6inch Screen at 1280 x 720 (319 pixels per inch) iPhone 7: 4.7inch Screen at 1334 x 750 (326 pixels per inch) Yes, you can get Android phones with 400+ pixels per inch, but why have a screen that is more demanding on performance and battery life if you can’t even discern the individual pixels with the naked eye? Sony has realized this and chose the optimum screen for the form factor. Performance: Many people have criticized the fact that this device uses a Snapdragon 650 Processor instead of an 820 like its big brother. I think Sony chose this processor for a couple reasons. The smaller resolution of the X Compact means that similar rendering performance can be achieved with a scaled back processor. The 650 is also more power efficient than its big brother, which allows it to achieve the ludicrous battery life that the Compact line is known for. Yes this phone might not have the same raw performance numbers as some of the other top of the line phones on the market, but I have yet to experience any hiccups in any applications I’ve tried. And at the end of the day, isn’t that what really matters? Photo Quality: This is still one of the primary reasons why I buy Sony phones. Sony devices have one of the most powerful imaging devices for android - if you know how to dial in the settings. The 23 MP Camera allows for fidelity I’ve never been able to achieve in any phone I’ve tried. The camera app has all of the controls you’d expect from a DSLR, but in a compact size. One of the biggest improvements from the previous camera app is the ability to control shutter speed now. Also, compared to the Z3C, the automatic mode is much better at finding the right settings for the current scene. Handheld and low-light pictures are also much clearer thanks to the new laser auto-focus and improved capture speed. I can speak for the camera all day long, but I’ll just attach some pictures so you can see for yourself. Battery: This is the most battery efficient smart phone I’ve ever used. My usage habits typically involve using GPS and streaming music on my way to work, checking social media, news and dating apps throughout the day, photo taking in the afternoon and casting media in the evening. I would consider myself someone with heavy use with the exception of playing 3D games. I’ve been able to go from 8am to 10pm with over 40% battery left without any active battery saving features. I’ve always been a huge fan of Sony’s built in battery saving features. I’ve tested the device with Stamina Enabled for the full duration of the battery and a more normal usage pattern, and it is a breeze to get up to 3 full days of use. If you want to stretch it even further, you can turn on Ultra Stamina Mode which turns off all your apps sans the basic. With that mode enabled, my phone has predicted that it can go up to 2 weeks. The phone also supports Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 and comes included with a QC 3.0 charger out of the box. Software: Sony’s build of android is almost entirely stock save a couple of power saving features and minimal bloatware. The included Sony’s apps have varying degrees of use. Sony makes one of the best Album apps I’ve used but apps like LifeLog, Xperia Lounge and What’s New I could do without. As for the third party software, Sony actually includes some useful ones including Amazon Shopping and Swiftkey. Luckily if there is anything you don’t like, you can easily disable any apps you don’t like. Accessories: One of the biggest downfalls for the device is the accessory support. Two things I usually buy when I get a new phone are a tempered glass screen protector and a Ringke Fusion Case. Because of the negative reception to the phone and low volume, many of the common accessory manufacturers have elected to pass up this device in their production line up. In my attempts to find a tempered glass screen protector, I’ve been unable to find any that have a complete adhesive hold to the entire screen; the screen protectors either omit the curved edges or they only attach from adhesive on the edges, leaving a noticeable air gap between the screen and protector. Thus, I’ve had to resort to using Skinomi’s TPU screen protector in the interim which doesn't offer the same drop protection, but offers adequate scratch protection. Ringke does not have any plans to make their Fusion case for this device, but fortunately I was able to find the MicroP TPU case which achieves some similar design aesthetics as the Ringke cases. TLDR: Pros: - Beautiful design - Small form factor phone - Gorgeous display - Fast fingerprint sensor - Unofficial but present waterproofing - Insane battery life - Great camera Cons: - Very little accessory support (Cases / screen protectors) - Activating fingerprint sensor requires some tinkering - Volume buttons in an awkward location for use with volume Verdict: The Xperia X Compact is one of the best options if you’re looking for a small form factor phone with an excellent camera and battery life. This phone does have its fair share of nuances that make it less approachable than offerings by Samsung, Xiaomi and Google, but with a little work you can turn the device into an absolute pleasure to use.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars It's a keeper. The Sony compact series has always been my go to for an Android phone because of the size and speed. The previous compacts were based on the latest and greatest highest end chip set at the time of their releases. When this phone was announced as having the SD 650, I was more than disappointed so I wrote the phone off. I wasn't sure which phone to get so I bought an iPhone 7 which lasted a couple weeks until I remembered how restricted ios was. I then had three options for a smallish phone. Still a little large, the Google pixel.. Expensive! and the Sony X compact. I had all three within about a month. I gave up the greatest from Google and a very premium made Honor 8. The reason? Number 1-the feel and size are just right. Its just a joy to use and carry. Number 2- i immediately realized that this phone is just as fast as the z5 compact and I'm not sure what they did but this phone is silky smooth, almost iphone like. You have some hang ups like every other Android like in the play Store but overall I am really impressed with the performance. That just shows that specs are not everything and there is something to be said for real optimization. It was dropped to $399 when I bought mine. Compared to the pixel, it's half the price. I'm no Camara guru so I can't really speak on this too much but it does take some real nice shots in good light. Low light will not be the best. Many people are bashing because the phone isn't waterproof but it doesn't bother me. It's frustrating when someone gives one star and is not even talking about this phone!! The X compact does NOT have a cover for the USB!!!! This proves that the reviewer is ignorant. Amazon needs to monitor these reviews better!!. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Best mid sized android phone you can currently buy October 2016. If you are looking for a mid sized phone you can use with one hand in October of 2016 this phone is your best option. Pros: - Phone has great reachability - Battery life lasts all day and in some cases two days - Phone works great on T-mobile's network while also having band 12 for faster LTE (Works well on AT&T too) - UI is smooth and doesn't lag with a minimalist skin over stock android - No overheating issues like z5 compact - Android 7.0 N due to release in November - USB C with quick charge 3.0 - Expandable memory - Front facing speakers Cons - Plastic doesn't feel as premium like the s7 and iphone 7 - Fairly thick for a phone made in 2016 - Camera is adequate but has trouble in low light and tends to overexpose in daylight - No amoled display - Volume buttons are too low although they function well when using the camera - No fingerprint sensor with US version - No waterproofing - Black is more of a dark blue It's unfortunate that the market is saturated with so many phablets and we have very little choice when it comes to conservatively sized devices but all in all I think this is a good phone that you won't regret buying if you are wanting a moderately sized phone. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Had a defective USB-C port charging issue after the first three months that gradually became worse then stopped charging altogether a few months later. 1.0 out of 5 stars Manufacturing Defects not honored by Sony. Like everything in life, nothing is perfect, neither is this phone. Pluses- small form factor for one handed use, bright display, very acceptable volume... 4.0 out of 5 stars It has plus and minus attributes. We used to love this phone, but it didn't last long at all and Sony doesn't stand by their product. Had it for just over a year and it stopped recognizing sim cards out of... 1.0 out of 5 stars We used to love this phone. Works just perfect, fast, smooth, responsive, without a single glitch. My old Moto G 3rd gen took about 3-7 minutes to lock on a GPS signal outdoor, my... 5.0 out of 5 stars Compact, fast, beautiful, best value for the money, especially now, when price was reduced. It slips right over the phone casing. It's lightweight and subtly textured for a good grip. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great quality for a low price. Minis the inability to use the fingerprint sensor with U.S. firmware and the privacy snooping..., pos, Android OS and Sony's poorly managed and slow updates... 4.0 out of 5 stars Good Phone. Phone was in good condition no issues, happy with all its capabilities. 5.0 out of 5 stars Accurate description of product. I have owned my Sony Xperia X Compact for a little over six months. The camera quality is good, but honestly is lacking compared to the iPhone 7. 1.0 out of 5 stars Good camera, fluid system, CONSISTENT WIRELESS/BLUETOOTH CONNECTIVITY ISSUES. I like the camera, and the display, but the call quality sucks. People can't hear me on a normal call, and when I go to speakerphone, there is an echo.. 1.0 out of 5 stars I like the camera. Amazon Giveaway allows you to run promotional giveaways in order to create buzz, reward your audience, and attract new followers and customers. This item: Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Sony Xperia XA1 - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Factory Unlocked Phone - 6" Screen - 32GB - Black (U.S. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact - Factory Unlocked Phone - 4.6" Screen - 32GB - Black (U.S. Sony Xperia XZ Premium - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.5", 64GB - Dual SIM - Deepsea Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia X unlocked smartphone,32GB Black (US Warranty). Sony Xperia XZ1 Factory Unlocked Phone - 5.2" Full HD HDR Display - 64GB - Black (U.S. See and discover other items: dual sim card phones , corning glass , android sd cards , cricket compatible phones , cricket wireless cell phones , cricket wireless smartphone. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 800 / 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - F5321. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 19(800), 20(800), 26(850), 28(700), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) - F5321. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 129 x 65 x 9.5 mm (5.08 x 2.56 x 0.37 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 4.6 inches, 58.3 cm 2 (~69.6% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~319 ppi density). Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow), upgradable to Android 8.0 (Oreo). Hexa-core (4x1.4 GHz Cortex-A53 & 2x1.8 GHz Cortex-A72). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 23 MP (f/2.0, 24mm, 1/2.3"), phase detection autofocus, LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS/ BDS (region dependent). 2.0, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector; USB Host. Fingerprint (side-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, barometer, compass, color spectrum. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, IM, Push Email. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 3.0). Up to 710 h (2G) / Up to 750 h (3G). Up to 11 h (2G) / Up to 14 h (3G). Basemark OS II 2.0: 1738 / Basemark X: 15415. Contrast ratio: 1225 (nominal), 3.694 (sunlight). Voice 64dB / Noise 65dB / Ring 69dB. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Sony Xperia X Compact - user opinions and reviews. How does it compare to XZ1 Compact?. Hello bro, I have an Xperia XZs phone, and I update it to Oreo I completely regret my phone used more battery and it's nothing new, so I'll be not so excited about Oreo, anyway good luck men. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia XA1 Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017). Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia XA. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Just buy the Xperia Z5 Compact. Sony's X Compact is the best-looking yet in the small range. However, the quest to attract more eyes brought about a few too many sacrifices. Compared to the Z5 Compact, it's a slightly underpowered and fragile offering.. Stellar design that fits in one hand. 3GB RAM boost and USB-C are nice additions. Sony Xperia X Compact price and release date Costs $499 in the US and £359 in the UK starting September 25 GSM network compatible, so only on AT&T and T-Mobile in the US Design Dazzling design impresses, but comes at the price of waterproofing For US readers, there's no fingerprint sensor The ceramic-mimicking plastic scratches easily under normal use. Update : Sony's smaller X-series phone may not have been what we hoped it would be, but thankfully it has gotten better over time thanks to the update to Android Nougat .. This brings the enhanced Doze mode to users, which will save battery during the day, too, instead of just at night. You'll also be able to split windows to essentially use two apps at the same time.. With Android O about to release, small phone fans will be happy to know that we've recently heard via Slash Gear that the X Compact will receive the update.. Given that this phone is an excellent choice if size matters, we've added this phone to our specialized list of best compact phones. You'll find it in good company with the best of Samsung and Apple.. Lastly, we've compiled the best Sony Xperia X Compact deals right here.. The Sony Xperia X Compact stands for something good. It's a small phone in a world dominated by palm-stretching phablets. Like the iPhone SE , Sony's latest is aimed squarely at the people who don't want to let go of the miniature form factor.. In a market full of devices that look nearly identical to each other, Sony's X Compact also has a style of its own, refined as ever, and a surprisingly long list of features for a phone its size.. But for all that it is, the Sony Xperia X Compact isn't the cheapest or the fastest phone you can get your hands on. Heck, last year's Sony Xperia Z5 Compact houses a slightly faster processor and is now the cheaper, waterproof option that the X Compact isn't. Once outside of the Sony realm, you'll find much even more deals on an unlocked Android phone that can run laps around it.. So, what do we make of the X Compact? If you can overlook the high asking price of $499 (£359, not currently available in the AU) there's a good phone waiting for you on the other end.. For everyone else, the X Compact requires too much sacrifice. It's a refreshing take on the modern smartphone, but serves as a reminder that size, whether big or small, isn't everything.. Sony's smaller device has launched unlocked for GSM networks in the US and UK for $499 and £359, respectively. That's $100 more than the baseline iPhone SE and the same price as the larger, FHD screen-packed Nexus 6P .. Previously, Sony's smartphone offering was more ingrained in the carrier market, though it has quickly transitioned to the unlocked side of things. You can purchase the phone through Amazon in the US, and in the UK, you can buy one on contract at O2, EE, giffgaff, Mobiles.co.uk, and SIM-free at Carphone Warehouse.. This has enabled the company to more swiftly enter new regions, but it has led to an unexpected downside for those living in the US.. The naming convention might lead you to believe that the X Compact is just a smaller version of the Sony Xperia X, but that's not totally the case. Aside from some similarities with the rest of the line, the X Compact is unique with its flat front glass panel, rounded sides and a completely flat top and bottom.. Sony sent along the Universe Black color (that looks more like blue in the sunlight) of the X Compact, which measures in at 129 x 65 x 9.5mm and weighs 135 grams. One of the biggest design feats here is that it feels like a unibody design, though it's constructed with a mix of Gorilla Glass 4, glossy plastic on its sides, and an oleophobic (oil resistant) plastic on the back that's influenced by the look and feel of ceramic. While it does give off the high-end look it aims for, it collects small scratches and fingerprint smudges a little too easily.. Under the right light, the ripple effect looks incredible. ...until mysterious scratches begin to appear.. Sony's Xperia X Compact rocks two front-facing speakers, a selfie camera and a slim bezel. Taking a tour around the phone, the top is where you'll find the 3.5mm jack. On its other flat end, Sony has opted for USB-C, which has resulted in a thicker chin bezel due to the longer internal section of the port.. Like the Sony Xperia X Performance, and other X-series phones, this one has a microSD and SIM card slot on the left side. It also has the same lineup of buttons on its right side, including the power button, volume rocker and camera capture button. Compared to other phones that usually place the most frequently used buttons near where the index finger rests, Sony has placed them awkwardly near the bottom. Even on a small phone like this one, you'll likely fumble to make what should be a simple adjustment.. If you buy one of these outside of the US, the power button will double as a fingerprint sensor. However, Sony has decided to, once again, strip this feature from the US release. If you're curious why the company made this choice, check out this piece and let us know if the fingerprint sensor (or a lack thereof) influences your purchase decision.. As you can see, the Sony Xperia X Compact has a lot in common with other Sony phones. But what doesn't make sense is that it lacks another signature feature: waterproofing. According to Sony, this phone isn't even water resistant. It's a strange turn for Sony's compact line, which just last generation was fully resistant to dust and water.. Next Page What's it like to use?. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Page 1 Sony Xperia X Compact. What is the Sony Xperia X Compact?. Sony Xperia X Compact – Design. Sony Xperia X Compact – Display. Sony’s Xperia Compact line was a cult hit a few years back thanks to its no-compromise stance on putting flagship specs in a small body. But this isn’t the case with the Xperia X Compact, where compromises are evident everywhere.. This isn’t a flagship-quality device in miniature form, but a mid-ranger that struggles to stand out from an increasingly crowded market.. It doesn’t help that Sony has seemingly forgotten how to design a phone. On the bright side, at least the battery life is fantastic.. WATCH: Sony Xperia X Compact video review. My initial impression on unboxing the Sony X Compact is that it resembles a baby-blue bathroom tile.. The Sony Xperia X Compact isn’t a pretty phone – in fact, I’d be as blunt as to say it’s an ugly phone. It’s built from plastic, but a slippery sort of plastic that’s a magnet for grease and fingerprints. The squared-off, boxy design doesn’t do it any favours either. It looks old-fashioned, and the blue colour of my review unit is more akin to a bottle of face scrub in my wash bag than a phone. A blessing, then, that it’s available in black and silver too.. The handset is thick as well – more so than an iPhone 7 Plus and a Nexus 6P. But this, along with the overall dinky size, does make it easy to hold in one hand. My thumb can move from one side of the 4.6-inch screen to the other without any issues. After having used a number of more sizeable handsets this year, I’ve had to force myself to not use the Xperia X Compact with two hands, since this results in covering up a large portion of the display.. The use of plastic does at least make the phone feel durable. So far it’s been kept free of any dents, and it managed to withstand a drop onto a stone floor. It’s safe to say that it’s unlikely that you’ll need a case for this phone – well, unless you want to cover up the ugly design, that is.. On the side of the handset is a lock button that sits almost flush to the phone, but feels good to press nonetheless. In Europe the button also integrates a fast fingerprint scanner, but this is a feature missing from US versions of the Xperia X Compact. For a near-£400 phone, this isn’t good enough.. Opposite the lock button you’ll find the SIM tray, which is of the pull-out variety, rather than one requiring a finicky tool. There’s a microSD slot in there too, to bump up the 32GB internal storage. I do like the fact that the camera shutter button remains, providing quick access to the snapper.. Sadly, unlike Xperia Compact phones of old, there’s no waterproofing here. While the Xperia XZ is – just like the iPhone 7 – rated at IP67, the Xperia X Compact won’t take kindly to being dropped in the bath. This isn’t a vital feature, but it’s one that could have helped the X Compact to stand out.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. At 4.6 inches, the display on the Sony Xperia X Compact is significantly smaller than those on pretty much every Android phone on the market. In a world where 5.5 inches is now considered normal, the fact that Sony is still making a phone with a small screen helps it stand out.. It’s a bonus that the panel is actually fairly good, although this isn’t unusual for Sony screens.. The 720p resolution might seem meagre next to 4K and quad-HD panels, but stretched over 4.6 inches, it’s perfectly fine. If someone had told me it was a 1080p display, I’d have probably believed them.. It’s an LCD panel, but Sony’s software pushes the colours up to those more akin to AMOLED. Blacks are deep, reds are bright and everything looks good – in that sort of surgically enhanced way. It’s nowhere near as accurate as an iPhone 7 display – greens, especially, look overblown – but you’ll probably only notice this is you put the two phones side by side.. Viewing angles are fantastic, while the brightness can be jacked up high enough to make the Xperia X Compact great for outdoor use.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Sony Xperia X Compact review:. A tiny phone with a camera that will blow you away. Sony Xperia X Compact (blue mist). Sony Xperia X Compact (universe black). CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good The Sony Xperia X Compact is a small, 4.6-inch phone with a beautiful display, an excellent camera and good battery life.. The Bad Only the Japanese model is waterproof, and the fingerprint sensor is disabled in the US. There's a bit of lag when editing pictures or taking low-light photos.. The Bottom Line Sony's Xperia X Compact is a small phone with an excellent camera, but it lacks some creature comforts, like waterproofing and, in the US, a fingerprint sensor.. For some people, the Sony Xperia X Compact will fit like a glove.. The Sony Xperia X Compact is a rarity -- a small phone with a big, terrific camera. That's 23 megapixels' worth of snapping power in a body small enough to fit into almost any pocket. And to me, the pint-size X Compact seems a pretty good fit.. Coming in at $449 and £379, the X Compact is large on charm. (No mention has been made of the X Compact coming to Australia, but hope springs eternal. In the meantime, its US price works out to AU$587, converted.) But the odd exclusion of conveniences found on the X Compact in other countries is a real head-scratcher. For example, buyers in Sony's home country of Japan get waterproofing and a fingerprint sensor, but UK residents don't get the H2O resistance, and US users get neither.. If you're an Android fan looking for a small-screen phone, your choices are few. You'd do right with the Xperia X Compact, so long as you can accept the omissions.. If iPhones are just as good for you, the SE sticks to the same pricing scale -- though it has a much smaller display. You can also upgrade to the similarly sized iPhone 7 ( $679.99 at Amazon.com ) or cheaper 6S -- but you'll definitely pay more.. No joke -- the first thing you notice about the Sony Xperia X Compact is that it's small. Or at least, it looks small. The screen is 4.6 inches, a filament smaller than the iPhone 7 (4.7 inches). But its chunky body and thick bezel mean there's actually more phone in your hand than you'd guess. Still, the X Compact is wonderful to use one-handed.. You will either love or hate its blocky, flat looks -- no camera bump here. In a market dominated by superthin phones made of glass and aluminum, the Compact X's thick plastic demeanor is refreshingly unique, especially in Mist Blue.. The 720-pixel display is bright and sharp, and it handles direct sunlight like a pro. Battery life was a solid 11 hours, 28 minutes in our video loop tests. Some of that longevity comes from it the fact that it runs Android 6.0.1.. Just how small is Sony's 4.6-inch Xperia X Compact?. The X Compact handled daily-tasks without a problem -- posting social media, messaging and watching the occasional "Carpool Karaoke" video. Gaming (FIFA Mobile, Clash Royale) on the X Compact was a breeze, but made me yearn for a bigger screen.. If you own a PS4, Sony's preloaded PlayStation app connects you to the console as a remote or even a second screen .. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Sony Xperia X Compact. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Sony Xperia X Compact review: Size really does matter. Small phone lovers have something to get excited about with the latest in Sony's Compact line.. The Xperia X Compact gives you everything you need in terms of screen, performance, battery life — plus a few nice additions like stereo speakers, a slick software experience and Sony's latest camera technology. But this isn't simply a flagship-level phone in a smaller size: you're getting a plastic phone that's also missing a fingerprint sensor and waterproofing. So for as great as the X Compact is, it sits in an odd area — offering you less than other phones, but still commanding a $499 price. You really have to want a small phone to spend that much on the X Compact.. Plastic may not appeal to everyone. Sony Xperia X Compact Full review. Since roughly 2012, when Android phone screens really started to grow with no sign of stopping, the desire from a vocal group to have a "compact" phone available has strengthened. But not just any small phone, they all want a compact version of a flagship phone; one that doesn't compromise on specs or features in order to fit into a smaller size. This is the holy grail for many.. Sony has been the one manufacturer that consistently offers a range of phone sizes, regularly being the example of how to do this right with its Compact series. The common era of these phones started with the Xperia Z1 Compact , with a small 4.3-inch display. We're now nearly three years past the launch of the Z1 Compact, and we have the Xperia X Compact to carry this tiny torch.. The X Compact has gained a little screen size, now up to 4.6-inches, but it's still working with the same formula. It has nicer components and features than you usually get in a small phone today, with a few standout items like Sony's best available camera setup. At the same time, it sits very awkwardly just underneath the also-compact 5-inch Xperia X , which is moderately larger but with a higher-res screen and now lower price. And this isn't necessarily a full-on flagship phone, either, as it's missing a few high-end features. All while still charging a rather hefty $499.. So many people say they want a compact high-end phone, but few actually end up buying one. Is the Xperia X Compact the one to satisfy that thirst and rack up sales? Read on for our full review.. I (Andrew Martonik) am writing this review after just shy of a week using an unlocked Xperia X Compact, provided to Android Central for review by Sony. The phone was used on the T-Mobile network in the greater Seattle, WA area. The software was build number 34.1.A.1.198, with the June 1, 2016 security patch, and was not updated over the course of the review.. Sony Xperia X Compact Hardware. There's just something refreshing about picking up a phone that you can easily cradle in one hand, reaching your thumb from top to bottom and side to side without any hesitation, shifting or fear of dropping the phone. You just don't find phones this small anymore, especially as the budget segment has increased its screen sizes in order to offer even more perceived value for money. In this case, you have to pay more to get less in the Xperia X compact.. While the X Compact is true to its name in overall size, it is a bit larger than the 4.6-inch screen would lead you to believe. As is the case on most of Sony's phones, the X Compact is adorned with rather large bezels, particularly on the top and bottom of the display. The overall size isn't far off from the 5.1-inch Galaxy S7 , and is similar to the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 , which itself is known for large bezels.. It's okay to dislike plastic, but this is really nice plastic.. Sony has continued its blocky, semi-rounded "loop surface" look from the rest of the Xperia X series, which is immediately distinguishable to phone fans as a Sony design — and I really dig it. Looking at the bottom of the phone you see a cross-section of the design that looks almost identical to the proportions of its USB-C port, with nicely rounded sides coming around to a flat front and back. The back is a single piece of plastic, which feels a bit cheap compared to the metal on the Xperia XZ but matches nicely to the ceramic-like coating around the rest of the phone. (It also means the NFC antenna is on the back, rather than the front, of the phone — I'll take it.). The phone is a little on the slick side, but the curves are friendly to your hand and the tolerances for the joins between the materials are perfect and worthy of your appreciation. The front glass is sculpted nicely into the edges and has a couple perfect cutouts for the front-facing stereo speakers, while the buttons on the side are easier to press than they look. That recessed home button feels great, but unfortunately doesn't integrate a fingerprint sensor — a head-scratching choice for a phone with a $499 list price.. There's an amazing simplicity and quaintness to the look of the X Compact.. Looking at the spec sheet and seeing a 1280x720 display resolution (coming in at 319 ppi) immediately makes you check to see what year it is, as even low-end phones now ship with 1080p panels, but naturally those numbers don't tell the whole story. Sony has packed a phenomenal display in the X Compact — it's fantastically laminated to the glass, has great viewing angles and superb color reproduction. I never touched the display settings, choosing to leave it at the default "X-Reality for mobile" mode. Though I confess I can see the slightly rough lines on some things, I never felt it detracted from the experience of using the phone. And as I'll get to later, that lower resolution certainly helps in terms of performance and battery life.. More: Complete Xperia X Compact specs. This is decidedly not a screen for those who want to watch video on their phone more than occasionally, and you don't really realize it until you're holding up the X Compact watching YouTube. For some, that's not an issue — but if you're one to watch an episode of your favorite show on your lunch break or jump into Netflix while you're waiting for a train, the X Compact isn't likely to meet your needs.. But if you don't crave a huge screen for consuming media, there's an amazing simplicity and quaintness to the look of the Xperia X Compact, even in white as I have here but particularly in the black color that's also available. It's a simple, pure design without additional flourishes that get in the way, and that's particularly important for a small phone that just doesn't have the extra real estate for shocking design elements. There's something nice and refreshing about holding a small phone that isn't trying to act like it's a massive supercomputer.. Sony Xperia X Compact Software. Sony can call the likes of Moto and OnePlus company when it comes to offering clean, simple and fast software. What you're greeted by on the Xperia X Compact is not unlike a Nexus phone running Android 6.0 Marshmallow , with a few subtle changes to iconography and of course the default apps. Perhaps the biggest visual change comes with the launcher and lock screen, which I quite enjoy — and importantly, none of the changes detract from or alter the core Android experience.. I picked up the X Compact and installed my typical Google Now Launcher and Google Keyboard combination, and didn't touch a single thing in the software thereafter. Everything works as I expect it to, and it didn't take a bunch of tweaking or configuration to do so. Sony still includes a handful of pre-installed apps that I didn't really care to use, but most of them can be disabled and the group is nowhere near the size I see in the app drawer on Samsung phones. Sony's styling of the dialer, photo gallery and other apps feel very native to the platform as well, keeping a consistent look and feel across the phone.. In a very nice departure from the past two Sony phones I used, the Xperia X Performance and Xperia XZ, the X Compact is ridiculously fast. Whereas those two phones were mostly quick but still chugged along slowly at times, the X Compact hasn't had a single slowdown or even as much as a stutter in a week of my typical use.. Of course this isn't that surprising considering the very capable Snapdragon 650 processor and 3GB of RAM pushing just a 720p display, but as I noted above this kind of performance isn't always a given on recent Sony phones. The X Compact performs just as well as any other high-end phone you've used recently with a late-model Snapdragon processor, and I wasn't able to do anything that made it slow down. This is what you expect to get for this kind of money, and the X Compact absolutely delivers.. Sony Xperia X Compact Cameras. Sony's tried-and-true 23MP Exmor RS sensor is once again the core of the Sony camera experience on the X Compact, but like the Xperia XZ it was announced alongside we actually have something to get excited about here: new 5-axis image stabilization. Sony seemed pained to add OIS (optical image stabilization) to its cameras up to this point, and I'm glad it finally made the jump.. Sony's camera interface is simple enough, though its "Superior Auto" isn't all that superior anymore and still requires hopping over to Manual in order to toggle HDR or tweak even the simplest things. This wouldn't be a problem if its Auto mode were truly "superior." The X Compact's overall software performance has extended to the camera, thankfully, and is amazingly quick to open, capture and process photos — considerably faster, in fact, than the Xperia XZ and X Performance. The camera shoots 8MP downsampled (4:3 or 16:9, your choice) photos by default, mostly for file size reasons, but you can quickly jump up to 23MP full-res photos if you'd like. Unless you plan on cropping in after the fact I recommend just leaving the camera to its default 8MP resolution, which saves you storage space and a little bit of processing time.. The camera is no longer a clear weak spot, but it's squarely average.. Photos are incredibly sharp, even when you zoom in to pixel peep a bit, and the colors tend to be accurate rather than over-saturated like some phones (though the look is a personal preference). When shooting in Superior Auto and using tap-to-focus the camera tended to over-expose photos and wash them out, leading me far too often to hop into Manual and just use HDR for a more balanced shot.. For low-light photos, the 5-axis stabilization is clearly in play to help the X Compact take solid and much improved, but just average photos. In dimly lit rooms it tended to go with longer-than-necessary shutter speeds (sometimes up to 1/8 second), often introducing blur, and still couldn't take crisp well-balanced photos like you get from other cameras. Low-light photos sometimes took a couple of attempts, which was a departure from the "point, click, review awesome photo" experience of daytime shots.. I'm impressed by the Xperia X Compact's camera in terms of stepping up its game considerably from Sony's previous phones. As I mentioned in my musings about the Xperia XZ , Sony's new camera setup is firmly in the "good" camp, still a few steps behind the "great" arena where Samsung plays. The camera is no longer a main downside or deal breaker here, and that's a great thing — it just isn't so great that it'll sell phones all on its own.. Sony Xperia X Compact Battery life. Any time you see a spec sheet that lists less than a 3000 mAh battery in a modern phone, you get a little worried about longevity. With 2700 mAh under the hood in the X Compact — a full 200 mAh less than the Xperia XZ, which itself didn't have stellar battery life — the X Compact has been a battery champion, though. The combination of just a 720p screen and a lower-powered Snapdragon 650 processor meant I never thought out battery life on the X Compact.. A battery that lasts all day, every single day.. My typical day out of the house, with three hours of "screen on" time, using LTE, keeping up with notifications, social networking, photography and listening to podcasts I would end the day with at least 25% battery left. On a lighter weekend day where the phone spent good chunks of time on a table or in my pocket, I would end the day with well over 50% battery. Unlike the Xperia XZ, I never had to enable Stamina Mode to extend the battery — in fact, I never once touched the 10% battery level on the X Compact.. For charging back up, the X Compact supports Quick Charge 3.0, letting you quickly replenish that 2700 mAh battery. The charger that ships in the box is a standard non-Quick Charge 5V/1.5A wall plug, though, which is a bit odd. Because battery life has been so great for me on the X Compact I'm not so worried about the charging times of the relatively small battery, but considering the price you're paying for this phone I would've expected a Quick Charge charger in the box with a phone that supports the tech.. Sony Xperia X Compact Bottom line. Going into reviewing the Xperia X Compact, I was excited to use a "small" phone again primarily from the perspective of nostalgia; watching phones get bigger and bigger, I just wanted something more compact that didn't make compromises in experience. Over a week using it, my view shifted entirely to real, legitimate enjoyment of this phone based on its merits. It's amazingly quick with fantastic battery life, has a great screen, is built very well and has a solid camera. There are even a few extra perks like stereo speakers, 32GB base storage with an SD card slot, and Quick Charge 3.0 support.. The Xperia X Compact is great for fans of small phones.. Though I have a strong desire to just recommend the Xperia X Compact outright, I have some trepidation simply because the phone isn't all roses. It commands a high price, yet lacks waterproofing, a fingerprint sensor and metal construction found in the (admittedly larger) competition; it also has a smaller, lower-resolution screen, as well as a technically slower processor and "just" 3GB of RAM. So it's missing a few line items and features that keep it from truly being a "flagship in a smaller size" — it is instead a smaller phone that does indeed have shortcomings.. At a retail price of $499, the X Compact costs $100 more than bigger, more powerful phones with more features like the OnePlus 3 and Honor 8 ; and at the same time is just $50-100 less than the Galaxy S7 (thanks to recent price drops), which is a better all-around phone. With these market realities, you're faced with having to justify paying more money for physically less phone — that's hard for some people to get over.. The Xperia X Compact is all about the whole package rather than simply chasing line items — though it does have most of what people are looking for in a high-end phone today. It's for those who want a smaller phone with a well-executed design, but don't want to give up on the performance, battery life, camera or base level features they've grown accustomed to in other expensive offerings. And you're going to pay a bit extra for the privilege. Those who simply look at their phone buying decision as "getting the most features and size for my money" won't see value here. But if you're immediately drawn to the smaller size of the Xperia X Compact, you'll get a fantastic phone.. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 4 Call quality, Battery life and Conclusion. posted by Daniel P.. Android - Android + Sony - Sony +. 4 Call quality, Battery life and Conclusion. Introduction Sony 's Compact line of Xperia phones has been earning accolades ever since its inception back in 2014 with the original Z1 Compact. It seemed that a lot of folks have been clamoring for small, manageable handsets with flagship specs, that's why Sony struck a chord and a loyal following that gladly gobbled up the original 4.3-incher, then the 4.6” Z3 and Z5 Compacts. Sony, however, put the kibosh on the Z line, and didn't announce a new Compact with the first batch of its new X line, sending its fans in disarray. The company has apparently taken notice, though, as the fall editions ofthe X line include the new Xperia XZ flagship, as well as a fresh 4.6” munchkin, the X Compact that we are about to review here. The small-but-powerful concept, however, has undergone a change, morphing into small-upper-midranger by using a humbler chipset, instead of a top-shelf Snapdragon 8-series one, with the respective price correction downwards. While potential X Compact customers will be happy to hear about the price drop compared to the initial tags of its predecessors, has Sony made many compromises with the new Compact line reincarnation to reach said midrange price point? Read on to find out... In the box: Xperia X Compact Wall charger USB-C cable Warranty and info leaflets Design The roving munchkin design feels good in hands and pockets, but is marred by smallish, shallow keys The X Compact has tapered, rounded edges both at the front and on the back, which, coupled with a fairly chubby 9.5mm body, makes the phone very pleasant to hold, and easy to pick up from a flat surface. Other that that, there is nothing really remarkable or premium about the X Compact design, it's unapologetically plastic, and the shiny finish attracts fingerprints with ease. On the plus side, the plastic construction is fairly light, feels sturdy, and overall – it's not a phone you'd baby and constantly worry about like a lot of the heavy glass-and-metal creations lately. The smallish size makes it invisible in your pocket or purse, and allows you to reach everywhere on the screen with your thumb only while holding it in your palm. That was the sweet spot that attracted a lot of users to the Z Compact editions before, and Sony is changing none of it. The front-facing stereo speakers that Sony has been known with for a while are still here, but one other signature feature is gone – the X Compact has no water-tight ratings, so don't take it in the shower like the previous Compacts. Another important change is the addition of a USB-C port, which is a first for Sony, and makes fumbling with the cable connector sides a thing of the past. If you look at the back of the phone, there is one other marked difference with previous Xperias – the camera lens up left is still there, but the LED flash and two other conspicuous looking circles are housed in a neat ellipse near it. These are the laser-assisted autofocus and infrared color meter units that Sony throws into a phone for the first time. The power/lock key at the right has an embedded finger scanner, but the US versions won't have that for some reason, yet again. The lock key is pretty small and recessed to prevent inadvertent clicks, but it is also with quite a shallow feedback, so pressing it is not a very clicky and satisfying experience. The same goes for the volume rocker and two-stage shutter key right beneath it – on top of the shallow feedback, they are very small and hard to feel and press without looking. Display Overly cold and oversaturated, the screen makes up for that with great outdoor visibility Sony doesn't stray from the proven formula with the X Compact, and has equipped it with a 4.6” 720 x 1280 pixels display, just like its last two predecessors. The panel is of the IPS-LCD variety, offering very good viewing angles, and nice outdoor visibility with very low reflections and bright, 587-nit output that is enough to see everything on screen even under direct sunlight. These are our observations about the display in everyday scenarios, but what do the cold, hard screen benchmarks reveal? Well, first off, the colors that the X Compact display offers are pretty cold to begin with, just like with its predecessors. Granted, you can crudely set the color temperature from the display settings, but there aren't many people that will tinker with those, most will grab and use the phone as it arrives. The cold colors are also way oversaturated. Sony's X Reality engine is turned on by default, boosting colors and contrast while displaying media. We measured the screen's performance with the color management option turned off to get a more credible view of the panel's specifics. The display can be used with gloves on, which only adds to the outdoorsy cred of the phone, and there is a tap-to-wake option in the settings which comes in handy considering the recessed, shallow lock key.. 5.08 x 2.56 x 0.37 inches. 129 x 65 x 9.5 mm. 5.3 x 2.57 x 0.29 inches. 134.5 x 65.2 x 7.3 mm. 5 x 2.56 x 0.35 inches. 127 x 65 x 8.9 mm. 5.44 x 2.64 x 0.27 inches. 138.1 x 67 x 6.9 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. Sony Xperia X Compact Compare. (Posts: 372; Member since: 22 Mar 2015). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 09:28. So why did it get such a low score?. (Posts: 1256; Member since: 15 Apr 2016). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 09:42. It doesn't seem to be too bad as I might have thought originally. (Posts: 2315; Member since: 14 Aug 2014). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 10:08. Thank you PA for giving it less than a 7. (Posts: 1870; Member since: 07 Dec 2011). posted on 22 Sep 2016, 00:13. They didn't improve much if anything over the previous generations especially their cameras. They make some really good sensors but damn they suck at implementing them in their own devices.. (Posts: 1867; Member since: 16 Jan 2011). posted on 22 Sep 2016, 03:47. For once I agree with iPA's scoring. No IP rating is a fail. The screen isnt as bright as the Z5C, and the SD650 is a major letdown.. (Posts: 888; Member since: 10 Jun 2012). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 09:30. Im impress phonearena! cant wait for 6/10 with XZ. (Posts: 59; Member since: 15 Sep 2016). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 09:42. Frankly, i click on this article, so called review just to read the comments. Can't wait for 100/10 rating for IP7/IP7+. Not saying that IP7/IP7+ are bad. But things are getting more and more ridiculous.. (Posts: 4589; Member since: 07 Mar 2012). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 09:46. GSMarena scores a much lower battery life that great cannot be a word used to describe it. But seriously, only 12GB free out of the 32GB of storage is insane! That's taking away 20GB...about 65% gone. (Posts: 65; Member since: 31 Jul 2014). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 10:06. They said 12Gb taken away, not 12gb left? And GSMArena's battery testing method and phonearena's are completely different. You can't directly compare their scores.. (Posts: 4589; Member since: 07 Mar 2012). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 10:11. (Posts: 380; Member since: 25 Aug 2014). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 11:41. 73 hours is not bad, not great, but it could be much worse.. (Posts: 196; Member since: 19 Jun 2016). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 09:47. PA is preparing to give full mark to iphone 7, that's why every other phone must be given low score to promote the superiority of their beloved brand. I'm expecting Ray S to come up with the review.. (Posts: 65; Member since: 31 Jul 2014). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 10:00. The review and the score don't add up. Why does it get such a low score?. (Posts: 10457; Member since: 14 May 2012). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 11:06. $500 for a phone with S650? V10 with 808 that runs circles around this is $300. (Posts: 2315; Member since: 14 Aug 2014). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 11:52. (Posts: 65; Member since: 31 Jul 2014). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 12:45. Add LG V10 to the benchmarks and be amazed. And this phone is a good 80 GBP cheaper than the V10.. (Posts: 195; Member since: 18 Jul 2014). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 15:54. Was the v10 priced at 300$ at launch? And is the v10 a 4.6" phone? Hmmm. (Posts: 150; Member since: 10 Nov 2015). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 22:29. 808 runs circle around 650 with cortex a72 core? You're kidding me right?. (Posts: 5029; Member since: 30 Mar 2015). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 15:44. When you are an iPhone user and dont know android world you should not talk. SD650 trash the 808 in ALL aspect from cpu to gpu to battery usage. (Posts: 437; Member since: 02 Oct 2015). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 10:06. (Posts: 2617; Member since: 01 Sep 2014). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 10:11. Got more features than the iPhone yet it got a 6.8. Imagine what the iPhone will get for a rating.. (Posts: 2315; Member since: 14 Aug 2014). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 10:21. (Posts: 6747; Member since: 30 Sep 2014). posted on 22 Sep 2016, 03:41. (Posts: 237; Member since: 15 Nov 2012). posted on 22 Sep 2016, 12:34. (Posts: 1; Member since: 21 Sep 2016). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 10:51. Well, now I know, why shouldn't I rely on review scores. just look at specs , features etc from reviews. If possible get a hands on experience from store. (Posts: 380; Member since: 25 Aug 2014). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 11:33. The price is a little high, but the phone does deserve more than this. (Posts: 86; Member since: 14 Aug 2013). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 14:19. Phonearena dont care wat score u give to sony me na tap buy them tek that u all are disgrace to the tech world. (Posts: 102; Member since: 03 Mar 2016). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 15:14. (Posts: 547; Member since: 22 Aug 2015). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 18:26. PA didn't include why it has more charging time. (Posts: 1367; Member since: 17 Nov 2013). posted on 21 Sep 2016, 21:49. "The X Compact offers a far cry from the jolly, saturated “Sony colors” that its cameras used to be associated with.". Since when have Sony ever gone for saturated colors? They have also preferred neutral 'lab' even the flagship pro-ish cameras I own like DSC-RX1, A7mk2 have the some characteristics.. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 4.6 inches, 720 x 1280 pixels (319 ppi) IPS LCD. Size 5.08 x 2.56 x 0.37 inches (129 x 65 x 9.5 mm). Battery 2700 mAh, 11 hours talk time. Qualcomm Snapdragon 650, Hexa-core, 1800 MHz, ARM Cortex-A72 and ARM Cortex-A53 processor 3 GB RAM. $315 Buy. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for sony xperia x compact. All Listings - Current page. results for sony xperia x compact. Save sony xperia x compact to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow sony xperia x compact to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Sony Xperia X XZ1 XA1 XA2 Ultra Plus Luxury Slim Matte Shockproof Case Cover. Good condition smartphone 4.6inches For Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 23MP NFC. For Sony Xperia X Compact XA XA1 Ultra Plus Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film. For Sony Xperia L1 XA1 Ultra XZ XZ1 Compact Clear Shockproof Slim TPU Cover Case. 1 X Black PC Back Door Battery Glass Cover Case Panel For Sony Xperia Z Z1 Z2 Z3. Genuine Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover For Sony Xperia X XA Z1 Z3 Z4 Z5 Compact. 3D Full Cover Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Sony Xperia XZ / XA /XA1 Ultra. For Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra L1 Rugged Armor Hybrid Protective Kickstand Case Cover. Genuine Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover For Sony Xperia Series Models. For Sony Xperia X XA XZ XC XP Ultra Matte Rubber Hard Plastic Back PC Case Cover. 3D Full Cover Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Sony Xperia X / XZ / XA Ultra. 3D Full Cover Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Sony Xperia XZ /XA/XZ1 Compact. For Sony Xperia X XA XZ E5 Soft Transparent TPU Cute Gel Rubber Case Cover Back. Shockproof Thin Matte Hard PC Back Case Cover For Sony Xperia XA XZ X Compact. X-Level Luxury Vintage Slim Leather Shockproof Case Cover Skin For Sony Xperia. For Sony Xperia X XA XZ XP Luxury Ultra-thin Matte Shockproof Hard PC Case Cover. Luxury Genuine Real Leather Flip Case Wallet Stand Cover For Sony Xperia Experia. For Sony Xperia X XA XZ E5 Soft Patterned TPU Silicone Rubber Back Case Cover. 3D Full Cover Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Sony Xperia XZ / XA /XA1 Ultra. Front & Back Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Sony Xperia Z1 Z2 Z3 Z4 Z5 M5. NEW Luxury Mirror Back Cover + Metal Aluminum Frame Case For Sony Xperia Phones. 3D Full Cover Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Sony Xperia XZ /XP/XZ1 Compact. Durable Silicone Gel Case Rubber TPU Soft Protective Back Skin Cover For Sony. Clear Slim Soft TPU Rubber Pattern Cover Case For Sony Xperia E5/XA/XZ/X Compact. Official Flip Leather Ultra Thin Stand Case Cover For Sony Xperia Z2 Z3 compact. Nillkin Matte Frosted Shield Case Cover + Protector For Sony Xperia X Compact. Ultra-Thin TPU silicone Soft Case Cover For Sony Xperia Series. Hard Case For Sony Xperia Z3 Z5 Cover for Sony XA1 Ultra Back for SONY E5 L1 M5. Clear Soft TPU Phone Case Cover for Sony Xperia Z1 Z2 Z3 Z4 Z5 Compact X XA XP. Magnetic Flip Leather Wallet Stand Case Cover For Sony Xperia XZ1 XZ/XZS Premium. Pattern TPU Silicone Soft Ultra Thin Clear Gel Back Case Cover For Sony Xperia. Flip Wallet Leather Case Cover For Sony Xperia Z1 Z2 Z3 Z4 Z5 Compact X XP XA XZ. For Sony Xperia X XP XA XA1 XZ XZ1 Slim Leather Flip Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. Real 9H Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film Guard For Sony Xperia Phone. X-Level Vintage PU Leather Case For Sony Xperia XZ1 XZS XA Z3 Z5 Slim Back Cover. Luxury Sackcloth Grain Leather Case Cover For Sony Xperia X Performance XA Ultra. Tempered Glass Screen Film Protector For Sony Xperia XZ X XA1 Compact XZS L1. 2Pcs 9H Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector For Sony Xperia X / XZ / XA Ultra. For Sony Xperia XA1 ULTRA XZ Luxury Leather Flip Magnetic Card Wallet Case Cover. Full Cover 3D Curved Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Sony Xperia XZ1 T8M. NEW Luxury Mirror Back Cover + Metal Aluminum Frame Case For Sony Xperia Phones. 3D Full Cover Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Sony Xperia XZ / XA /XA1 Ultra. SLIM CASE FOR SONY XPERIA X COMPACT ULTRA THIN COVER SHELL BUMPER PROTECTION. For Sony Xperia XZ/X Compact Ultra Thin Aluminum Metal Bumper Case Frame Cover. Rugged Hybrid Armor Shockproof Hard Case Stand Cover For Sony Xperia X XA1 XZ XA. USB-C 3.1 Type C Fast Charging Charger Data Cable For Sony Xperia Full Series. For Sony Xperia Luxury Leather Magnetic Flip Stand Card Slot Wallet Case Cover. For Sony XZ1 Compact/XZ Premium/XA1 Business Slim Leather Case Flip Wallet Cover. Soft TPU Rubber Matte Gel Silicone Case Cover Skin For Sony Xperia Mobile Phones. For Sony Xperia X XP XZ XZ1 XA XA1 L2 Clear Shockproof 360° Slim TPU Cover Case. ▶400+ SOLD ▶FREE SHIPPING▶Sony Xperia Z5 Premium. ** Hot Sell 12000 Sold ** For Sony Xperia Series Models. 3D Full Cover√ Easy to install√ For Sony Xperia XZ/XA. FREE POSTAGE+SCREEN GUARD +1ST CLASS POST+HIGH QUALITY. ▶300+Sold▶For Sony X Compact XA XA1 Ultra XZ XZ1 XZP▶. New arrived Sony X Performance XA XA Ultra XZ Compact. ▶Xperia XA Xperia Z1 Z2 Z3 Z5 Premium ▲▲FREE SHIPPING◀. NEW PATTERNED SONY Z2 Z3 Z4 Z5 COMPACT X XA XZ Mini.... FOR SONY XZ1 COMPACT/XA1 PLUS/XZ PREMIUM/Z5 COMPACT/XZS. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
HSPA , GSM & LTE. September 2016 ; 17 months ago. September 2016 ; 17 months ago. ( 2016-09-08 ) (United Kingdom). September 2016 ; 17 months ago. ( 2016-09-10 ) (Netherlands, Belgium and Luxembourg). September 2016 ; 16 months ago. ( 2016-09-25 ) (United States). September 2016 ; 16 months ago. October 2016 ; 16 months ago. ( 2016-10-07 ) (Hong Kong). Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 MSM8956. Hexa-core 64-bit (dual 1.8 + quad 1.4 GHz ). non-user removable Li-ion 2700. Multi-touch , capacitive touchscreen , proximity sensor. mm) 720p IPS LCD. The Sony Xperia X Compact is an Android smartphone manufactured and marketed by Sony. Part of the Xperia X series, the phone was announced to the public along with the Xperia XZ at a press conferences which was held at IFA 2016 on September 1, 2016. ^ Peter K (1 September 2016). "Sony Xperia X Compact goes official: familiar design, not too shabby internals". Retrieved 1 September 2016 .. Sony Xperia mobile phones. See also: List of Sony Xperia phones. X10 mini / X10 mini pro. acro HD / acro S. Categories : Android (operating system) devices Smartphones Touchscreen mobile phones Sony mobile phones Mobile phones introduced in 2016. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 28 September 2017, at 17:34. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. by Lanh Nguyen September 26, 2016. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. - No dust and water resistance. The Sony Xperia X Compact is designed for people who still want a small phone without a lot of compromises, and while this phone can fulfill that need very well, it unfortunately comes at a premium that most people may not be willing to pay.. Sony Xperia X Compact Hands on. Why Sony deserves some credit – but not too much. Sony Xperia XZ hands on review. Display 4.6” HD Triluminos IPS LCD. Processor Hexa-core, 64-bit Snapdragon 650 (2 x 1.8 GHZ, 4 x 1.2 GHz). Dimensions 129 x 65 x 9.5 mm. Main camera 23 MP, predictive hybrid auto-focus, triple image sensing technology, 5-axis stabilization. Battery 2,700 mAh, Quick Charge 3.0, Qnovo Adaptive Charging, USB Type-C. Networks GSM GPRS/EDGE (2G), UMTS HSPA+ (3G), Cat. Connectivity A-GNSS (GPS + GLONASS), Wi-Fi Miracast, Bluetooth 4.2, NFC. Sony Xperia X Compact Hands on. Why Sony deserves some credit – but not too much. Sony Xperia XZ hands on review. While we have seen a lot of “mini” iterations of popular flagship smartphones, these devices tend to fall in the mid-range category. Sony is the lone holdout in this regard, with their Compact devices only shrinking in size, while retaining the specifications and features of their flagship counterparts, which is the case with one of Sony’s latest offerings, the Xperia X Compact.. Is there still a market for such compact smartphones, and what does this device have to offer? We find out, in this comprehensive Sony Xperia X Compact review!. Buy the Sony Xperia X Compact now. While the Xperia X Compact is technically a smaller version of the Xperia X that was announced back at MWC this year, it borrows its design language from the flagship Xperia XZ. that was launched alongside it at IFA 2016. However, it doesn’t feature the premium build quality of its high-end counterpart, with the Xperia X Compact being made entirely of plastic.. The X Compact may not offer the same feel as other Sony devices that offer metal and glass builds, but the phone is surprisingly sturdy. It comes with a very glossy finish, that gives it a ceramic look that is really nice, but does make for a huge fingerprint magnet.. The top and bottom of the phone are completely flat, which means that the device can stand on its own, and there are frosted matching color inserts that flow well with the rest of the design.. The X Compact also features what Sony is calling a “loop” design, which is essentially a fancy way of explaining the tapers along the sides the make the transition from glass to plastic seamless, and makes the phone more comfortable to hold. Despite some aesthetic changes, the signature rectangular shape that Sony is known for is still seen here.. The best part about the Sony Xperia X Compact is how easy it is to use with one hand, which is obviously the point of a mini smartphone. With so many large display phones out there, it is quite refreshing to use a device that is this compact, with a screen that you can reach across very easily and without any hand gymnastics.. Taking a look around the device, the headphone jack and USB Type C port are at the top and bottom respectively, on the left side is the slot for the SIM card and microSD card, and on the right are the power button, volume rocker, and a dedicated camera button. The physical camera shortcut key is extremely convenient, with it not only providing a quick and easy way to launch the camera, but also because it works as a shutter button.. However, having all these buttons on one side can make it feel a touch cluttered, and the volume rocker sits too far down to make it comfortable to reach with your thumb. The position of the volume keys do make sense when using them to adjust the digital zoom of the camera, but is not in the optimal position for controlling the volume, which is its primary purpose.. The Xperia X Compact also comes with a fingerprint sensor that is embedded into the power button, but for reasons unknown, this isn’t available with the US version of the device, which is certainly an extremely odd choice. Unlike its flagship counterparts and previous Compact smartphones from Sony, the X Compact doesn’t come with dust and water resistance, which is another surprising omission, and could be a deal breaker for some.. The Xperia X Compact comes with a 4.6-inch IPS LCD display with 720p resolution, resulting in a pixel density of 319 ppi. 720p may not be particularly impressive in the current scheme of things, but is certainly more than enough with a display of this size. The display is plenty sharp, and there have been no issues with reading text.. The display is pretty good, offering nice color reproduction and saturation, and good viewing angles. The screen also gets surprisingly bright, allowing for a comfortable viewing experience even in direct sunlight. Typing on the small screen isn’t much of an issue, but the media consumption experience isn’t going to be as good, not because of the quality of the display, but because of its size. It’s something that will take some getting used to, but is certainly not a deal breaker by any means.. Under the hood, the Xperia X Compact retains the same processing package as its larger namesake, the Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 processor, backed by the Adreno 510 GPU and 3 GB of RAM. Even though it doesn’t feature top of the line specifications, performance hasn’t been an issue with the X Compact.. Everything has been fast and responsive, and the device can even handle high-end games without struggling. Granted, the load times may be a little longer, but once a game loads, it runs very smoothly, with rarely any dropped frames to be seen. Overall, the performance has been quite impressive, and goes beyond what you would expect from a mid-range processor like the Snapdragon 650.. As far as storage goes, 32 GB is your. only option, but expandable storage via microSD card allows you to add up to 256GB additional storage, which should take care of all your needs.. Above and below the display are two thin slits that house the dual front-facing stereo speakers. The overall volume is on the quieter side when compared to other front-facing setups, but the quality of the sound is actually quite good, with clean, clear sound, with no distortion.. However, you will have a far better audio experience when plugging in a pair of headphones. The Xperia X Compact has built in support for Hi-Res Audio like FLAC, ALAC, DSD, and LPCM, but if you don’t have audio in these formats already, the device can also upscale any compressed audio files to give it a Hi-Res sound.. The Xperia X Compact comes with a 2,700 mAh battery, which allows for surprisingly good battery life, helped along by the relatively lower resolution display that it has to power. The battery comfortably provides a full day of use, and even with heavy usage that involved a lot of gaming and watching videos on Youtube, I rarely had to charge the device in the middle of the day.. The device comes with Qualcomm QuickCharge 3.0 support, and given the capacity of the battery, it doesn’t take long to get back to a full charge at all. However, one thing to remember is that Sony doesn’t include a QC 3.0 charger in the box, so you will have to pick up a third-party one to take advantage of the phone’s fast charging capabilities.. Sony is also making a big deal about the camera of the Xperia X Compact. The front 5 MP shooter is a fairly standard wide angle lens camera, and gets the job done when it comes to taking selfies. On the back is a 23 MP camera, which is the same sensor that is found with Sony’s higher-end offerings like the Xperia XZ.. To improve the camera, Sony has added a new laser auto focus system to help with sensing distance and taking better shots in low light situations, and there is also a new color sensor to help you get much better white balance.. The real kicker here is that the X Compact has 5 axis image stabilization for both the front and rear cameras when recording video, but there is no physical hardware inside to make this stabilization happen, with all the stabilization being software based.. Before you get too excited though, the 5 axis stabilization is utilized only when recording “macro” shots, so unless you see the word macro pop up in the corner of the viewfinder, you only get 3 axis stabilization, which does work well to keep the footage stable and without any warping or distortion. It is somewhat strange that Sony hyped a feature that is used only in limited situations, since macro video isn’t something a lot of people typically use their smartphones to record.. The camera application offers what we’ve come to expect from Sony devices, and it doesn’t look like it has changed significantly over the years. You can swipe up or down on the viewfinder to switch between various modes, that include Superior Auto, manual, and video recording, along with the slew of camera effects that Sony always adds. It isn’t the most intuitive camera app, and HDR still only works when using the manual mode, but the overall camera shooting experience is fairly straightforward.. Sony Xperia X Compact camera samples:. It is easy to quickly launch the camera and take a shot using the dedicated camera shutter button, and the image quality is well above average. Images are extremely sharp and well detailed, and while there is a good amount of color and saturation to be had, shots do look more natural when compared to the oversaturated photos that are taken with some other smartphones.. The camera also has a predictive hybrid auto focus feature that can continuously track moving objects and capture them without motion blur. As long as the object isn’t moving ridiculously fast, this feature does work really well. In low light conditions, there is still a fair amount of detail to be had, and images generally tend to be noise free. However, the shutter speed can be really slow in such lighting situations, so very steady hands will be required to avoid blurry photos.. On the software side of things, the Xperia X Compact is running Android 6.0 Marshmallow with Sony’s custom skin on top. Calling it a custom skin is certainly a stretch however, considering how many stock Android elements are to be found throughout the user interface.. Sony has really scaled back on their own customizations, and has even gone as far as to add the Google Now homescreen to this launcher, which really makes the experience feel closer to stock. That said, it does come with a lot of bloatware, including pre-installed Sony apps and a few third-party ones, but all of these can be disabled and moved out of the way.. Overall, Sony has done a fantastic job with keeping the software experience clean and simple, which is also a contributing factor to the smooth performance that is available with the Xperia X Compact.. So there you have it for this in-depth look at the Sony Xperia X Compact! The unlocked version of the Xperia X compact is available in the US for $500, which is really steep for what is basically a mid-range smartphone, and its price point puts this phone in a rather awkward position.. There are a lot of other options out there, like the Nexus 6P , that arguably offers a lot more value despite being a year old, for the same price or less, and if you are looking for something more current, great choices include the OnePlus 3 , the ZTE Axon 7 , or the Honor 8 .. The Xperia X Compact is a great phone, and if you choose to buy one, you certainly won’t be disappointed. However, without a fingerprint sensor (with the US version), or features like dust and water resistance, the $500 price tag is hard to accept, just for the convenience that its size offers. If you are looking for the best value for money, this phone isn’t the one to get, but if you just want a compact phone that doesn’t compromise a whole lot, that’s when you might find this device to be worth every penny.. Buy the Sony Xperia X Compact now. Sony , Sony Xperia X Compact. Your source for all things Android!. © 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The Sony Xperia X Compact is a sleek unlocked Android phone you can easily use with one hand, but its price is out of proportion with its size. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. The Sony Xperia X Compact is a sleek unlocked Android phone you can easily use with one hand, but its price is out of proportion with its size.. Most small Android phones fall into the budget category these days. So where does that leave users looking for a device with flagship-level specs in a sub-5-inch form factor? Sony's Compact line used to be the answer, with miniaturized phones boasting the same internal hardware as their larger siblings. But the Sony Xperia X Compact is a bit different. Rather than being a smaller version of the high-end Xperia XZ , it's actually a variant on the midrange Xperia X. It's one of the nicer small Android phones you can buy, but for $499.99, it's priced a bit too high for what you get.. Features, and Display The Xperia X Compact (available in blue, black, and white) looks like a shrunken Xperia XZ, except it's clad in plastic rather than metal. Measuring 5.1 by 2.6 by 0.4 inches (HWD) and weighing 4.8 ounces, the X Compact is significantly smaller than the XZ (5.7 by 2.8 by 0.3 inches, 5.7 ounces), the X (5.6 by 2.7 by 0.3 inches, 5.4 ounces), and the Samsung Galaxy S7 (5.6 by 2.7 by 0.3 inches, 5.4 ounces). It's closest in size to the Apple iPhone SE (4.9 by 2.3 by 0.3 inches, 4 ounces). One-handed use is easy, as the phone truly fits in the palm of your hand.. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. The Compact has the same button and port placement as other phones in the Xperia X series. The power, volume, and camera shutter buttons are all located on the right side. The top edge has a 3.5mm audio jack, while the bottom features a USB-C charging port, a departure from the micro USB port on the Z5 Compact. The left is home to a combined SIM/microSD card slot that that worked fine with a 256GB Samsung Evo+ card. Unlike the Xperia XZ, the X Compact is not waterproof, so you don't want to get it wet. There's no fingerprint sensor, which is a feature that is quickly becoming common in this price range.. The Compact's 4.6-inch, 1,280-by-720-pixel display is lower resolution than the 1080p panel on the Xperia X. Working out to 319 pixels per inch ( ), it's also not as sharp as the Quad HD ZTE Axon 7 (538ppi). That said, it's still a nice screen, with bright colors and great viewing angles. I had no problem seeing the phone under direct sunlight.. Network Performance and Connectivity The X Compact is and supports LTE bands 1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/17/19/20/26/28/38/39/40/41. It'll work on GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile, but not CDMA carriers like Verizon or Sprint. I tested the phone in midtown Manhattan on T-Mobile and saw strong network performance, recording a high 25Mbps download. The phone also supports dual-band Wi-Fi, as well as NFC, allowing you to use Android Pay.. There's some muddiness in transmissions on the receiving end, but it doesn't impact overall clarity. Noise cancellation blots out almost all background and earpiece volume is loud enough to hear in a noisy environment.. Processor and Battery The X Compact is powered by a midrange Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 processor, a far cry from the top-of-the-line Snapdragon 820 that powers the S7, or the A9 chip under the hood of the iPhone SE. On the AnTuTu benchmark, which tests overall system performance, the X Compact scores 76,566. The doesn't come close to the S7 (123,993) or the iPhone SE (132,500).. But benchmarks are only a part of the story. With 3GB of RAM, the X Compact handles multitasking easily. I didn't encounter any instances of sluggishness, even with a dozen apps open. The 720p display also helps with high-end games; I was able to play GTA: San Andreas and Asphalt 8: Airborne without a hint of slowdown.. Battery life is good, though not spectacular for the screen size. The phone clocked 5 hours and 49 minutes when we set screen brightness to maximum and streamed full-screen video over LTE. That's over an hour more than the Xperia X (4 hours, 58 minutes), and nearly the same as the iPhone SE (6 hours). But it's no match for the Galaxy S7, which manages 9 hours despite having a higher-resolution display.. See How We Test Cell Phones. That said, Sony includes a Stamina mode, which tamps down screen brightness and background processes to increase battery life. There's also Qnovo battery management, which keeps track of battery health and temperature to make the phone last longer. I didn't really notice a tangible improvement in day-to-day use, but it seems like Qnovo is intended for payoff. The X Compact supports Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 , though the phone only comes with a standard power adapter.. The X Compact has a 23-megapixel rear camera with laser autofocus to improve the speed and accuracy of low-light shots, an RGB color sensor to improve color reproduction, and Predictive Hybrid Autofocus with five-axis image stabilization to improve video recording, especially of moving objects. Accordingly, the phone takes crisp and accurate shots. It focuses fast, is steady, and it does well tracking moving objects with little blur or distortion. Thanks to the RGB sensor, the pink tinge we've noted in our studio test shots of many previous Sony phones is gone.. The camera app has manual controls, letting you adjust settings like focus, ISO sensitivity (up to ISO 12800), and white balance. One thing you won't find, however, is 4K video recording; the X Compact is only capable of capturing 1080p video at 30fps.. The front camera uses a 5-megapixel sensor that takes clear and detailed shots in most settings.. Software The phone ships with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow and should get an update to Android 7.0 Nougat at some point in the future. While that's certainly a plus, Sony's software customizations are pretty intense. The biggest changes are to the lock screen, which is replaced with a custom clock widget, and the app drawer, which has an integrated search function and recommended apps when you swipe left. There are also alterations to the settings menu, the aforementioned battery features, and a Smart Cleaner that automatically optimizes storage and memory.. Amazon Shopping, AVG Protection, PlayStation, Sketch, Spotify, Sticker Creator, SwiftKey, What's New, and Xperia Lounge all come preloaded, and cannot be uninstalled. Out of 32GB of internal storage, you're left with a disappointing 19.02GB. You can add a microSD card, but Android's Adoptable Storage feature is disabled.. Conclusions The Sony Xperia X Compact is a capable midrange phone with a good camera, but at $500, it's priced higher than most of its competition, including our Editors' Choice for compact phones, the Apple iPhone SE. For $100 less the SE gets you a more powerful processor, a fingerprint scanner, and Apple's superior app ecosystem. If Apple is out the question, the $400 ZTE Axon 7 also gets you a faster processor and a fingerprint sensor, as well as a much sharper display. But it's significantly larger than the X Compact, and not ideal for one-handed use. That makes the X Compact one of the best compact Android phones you can buy, though you'll get a lot more bang for your buck by going larger.. Bottom Line: The Sony Xperia X Compact is a sleek unlocked Android phone you can easily use with one hand, but its price is out of proportion with its size.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Unboxing, 360-degree spin, hardware overview 3. Sony Xperia X Compact specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (139). Sony Xperia X Compact key features. 4.6" 720 x 1,280px LCD display with 319ppi, X-Reality for Mobile, Triluminos technology. Android OS v6.0 Marshmallow with Xperia launcher. Hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 650, a dual-core 1.8 GHz Cortex-A72 and quad-core 1.4 GHz Cortex-A53; Adreno 510 GPU; 3GB RAM. f/2.0 lens, laser-assisted and phase-detection autofocus, SteadyShot, LED flash, dedicated hardware shutter key; 1080p/60fps video recording. 5MP front-facing camera; 1080p video recording. 32GB of built-in storage and a microSD card slot. LTE Cat.6 (300Mbps); Dual-band Wi-Fi a/b/g/n/ac; A-GPS/GLONASS/BeiDou receiver, Bluetooth v4.2, FM radio with RDS, NFC. Active noise cancellation with a dedicated mic; 24-bit/192kHz Hi-Res audio. 2,700mAh non-removable battery; Qnovo adaptive charging, Battery Care smart charging (market dependent), Qualcomm QuickCharge 3.0 support. Fingerprint sensor (market dependent), stereo speakers, USB Type-C port. Lowest-res selfie camera in the entire X-series lineup. Fingerprint sensor not available in the US. The Compact series by Sony used to occupy a niche of its own as it combined top-of-the-line specs with a pocketable footprint. The latter is still very much true for the just released Xperia X Compact, but it no longer has the flagship specs that we're used to. Instead, the Xperia X Compact is pretty much what it says on the tin - it's a Xperia X - essentially, an upper-midrange phone - but shrunk in size.. Is this the end of the mini flagship as we know it? Well, while we can't quite rule out another shift in product strategy down the line, for now, this very much seems to be the case.. Inside the latest Xperia X Compact ticks an upper midrange chipset. The Snapdragon 650 is a solid SoC, and shouldn't have a hard time powering the smartphone. Most importantly, there hardly is a better specced compact midrange smartphone, and we're okay with how the new product is positioned. We would sorely miss the dust and waterproofing, though.. To be fair, the Xperia X Compact does share some of its flagship sibling's premium features. First among those is the improved 23MP camera with predictive hybrid autofocus that employs a combination of laser, phase detection and contrast detection in its focus system. Just like with the Xperia X, a glaring omission on the X Compact spec sheet is the 4K video recording. But we couldn't have expected things to be otherwise, could we?. Speaking of spec sheets, it's perhaps the appropriate time to see what the Xperia X Compact has to offer.. You do get a USB Type-C port, only to be found on the flagship in Sony's lineup, and the stereo speakers are here to stay. The 2,700mAh battery is probably more than you need considering the screen size, so the Compact will likely impress in that department.. Sony Xperia X Compact press images. Sony does acknowledge that the Xperia X Compact isn't quite the flagship the older models were and has an adjusted price accordingly - the X Compact launches at about £70/EUR100 lower than the Z5 Compact, which came out last year. However, the previous generation has been discounted since, and sells around the X Compact's launch price, so that is shaping up to be a tough dilemma.. We'll be attempting to solve it over the next few pages, and we'll start as usual with an overview of the Xperia X Compact's hardware and exterior.. Unboxing, 360-degree spin, hardware overview 3. Sony Xperia X Compact specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (139). Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Sony's official Xperia XZ2 videos explain the new design and features. Sony officially unveils its new Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact flagships. Watch Sony unveil the Xperia XZ2 live here at 8:30 CET. Sony Xperia XZ1 drops to $495 in US. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The Sony Xperia X Compact is essentially a smaller version of the Sony Xperia XZ with some lower specs. It features a 4.6" HD Triluminos IPS LCD display, Qualcomm Snapdragon 650, 3GB of RAM, 32GB internal storage, and a microSD expansion slot. The rear shooter has an impressive 23MP sensor, with triple image sensing technology and 5-axis stabilization, the first time this has featured on a smartphone. Other features include fingerprint scanner, 2700mAh battery with Quick Charge 3.0 and a USB Type-C port.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Sony Xperia X Compact Real Life Review. Sony Xperia X Compact Questions & Answers. Sony Xperia X Compact Guides, News, & Discussion. Sony Xperia X Compact ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Sony Xperia X Compact Themes, Apps, and Mods. Kernels : Sony Xperia X Compact. Tools/Utilities : Sony Xperia X Compact. Rom List : Sony Xperia X Compact. Sony Xperia X Compact Real Life Review Sony Xperia X Compact Questions & Answers Sony Xperia X Compact Guides, News, & Discussion Sony Xperia X Compact ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Sony Xperia X Compact Themes, Apps, and Mods Sony Xperia X Compact Accessories. Most Active Sony Xperia X Compact Topics. Android 8.0.0 Oreo released for XPERIA X Compact (review and FTF). [stock 8.0][Unlocked bl] Root and Recovery (3 clicks). Sony Xperia X Compact Real Life Review. More Sony Xperia X Compact Real Life Review Threads. Sony Xperia X Compact Questions & Answers. Oreo has ruined Twilight app - how do I go back to 7.1.1?. X Compact vs XZ1 compact SOT. How to turn off long-press magnification?. More Sony Xperia X Compact Questions & Answers Threads. Sony Xperia X Compact Guides, News, & Discussion. Android 8.0.0 Oreo released for XPERIA X Compact (review and FTF). [stock 8.0][Unlocked bl] Root and Recovery (3 clicks). Fingerprint reader working in US version (after flash). Guide: Root + Custom Kernel + Clean rom + TA for X Compact. Guide: [UPDATE] Heavy DEBLOAT [latest 34.3.A.0.238] Nougat 7.1.1 (root). More Sony Xperia X Compact Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. Sony Xperia X Compact ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. [Recovery] TWRP 3.1.1 for Xperia X Compact. More Sony Xperia X Compact ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. Sony Xperia X Compact Themes, Apps, and Mods. OREO/Nougat Sound Boost Like Nougat 7.0. More Sony Xperia X Compact Themes, Apps, and Mods Threads. Protective case for the X Compact?. More Sony Xperia X Compact Accessories Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Sony's Xperia X Compact offsets its unbelievably tiny screen with an enormous camera (hands-on). Downright adorable at 4.6 inches, the utterly pocketable Sony Xperia X Compact promises camera prowess with the same 23-megapixel shooter as Sony's top-tier phones.. by September 1, 2016 4:15 AM PDT. Just how small is Sony's 4.6-inch Xperia X Compact?. Sony's Xperia XZ and X Compact stand up for themselves. Sony's Xperia X Compact is a phone of contrasts.. It packs the same 23-megapixel camera as the higher-end Xperia XZ that Sony announced alongside it, but in an itty-bitty body. How tiny? The X Compact's 4.6-inch display looks positively peewee compared with the XZ's 5.2-inch screen. The pro: It's seriously palmable and easy to use one-handed. The con: Its small screen is harder to read. There's less room for your fingertip taps, too.. Just how small is Sony's 4.6-inch Xperia X Compact?. Another thing you should know: The phone's body is made of glossy plastic instead of the XZ's metal, though I didn't mind. It makes sense for the phone type, but it's important that the price be right. It doesn't have the waterproofing of some more top-tier Sony phones.. Still, the X Compact doesn't feel like a throwaway device. In addition to identical cameras, the two new Xperias have nearly the same battery capacity -- 2,700mAh versus 2,900mAh -- as well as the same USB-C charger port and same 3GB of RAM. That's pretty generous for a small phone that I expect to come in at a budget price -- but we don't have anything official yet. In some senses, Sony's generosity could wind up making the X Compact the better deal.. Sony starts selling the small handset in September (on September 25 in the US).. Sony Xperia X Compact (blue mist). Sony Xperia X Compact (universe black). CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Sony Xperia X Compact. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Sony Xperia X Compact smartphone was launched in September 2016. The phone comes with a 4.60-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels. The Sony Xperia X Compact is powered by hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 256GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Sony Xperia X Compact packs a 23-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Sony Xperia X Compact runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 2700mAh non removable battery. It measures 129.00 x 65.00 x 9.50 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 135.00 grams. The Sony Xperia X Compact is a single SIM (GSM) smartphone that accepts a Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Sony Xperia X, Xperia X Compact Start Receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update. Sony to Discontinue &lsquo;Premium Standard&rsquo; Range, Xperia X Series No More: Report. Sony Xperia X, Xperia X Compact Now Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update. Sony Xperia X Compact Price Revealed. More Sony mobiles Sony mobiles price in India. Sony Xperia X Compact detailed specifications. Release date September 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 129.00 x 65.00 x 9.50 Weight (g) 135.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2700 Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 4.60 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels. Processor hexa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 256. Rear camera 23-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Sony Xperia X Compact. 4 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 1 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Sony Xperia X, Xperia X Compact Start Receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update. Sony to Discontinue ‘Premium Standard’ Range, Xperia X Series No More: Report. Sony Xperia X, Xperia X Compact Now Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat Update. Sony Xperia X Compact Price Revealed. Sony Xperia XZ, Xperia X Compact Launched at IFA 2016. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact Sony Xperia XZ2 Sony Xperia L2 Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia R1 Plus Sony Xperia R1 Sony Xperia XA1 Plus Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact Sony Xperia XZ1 Sony Xperia L1 Sony Xperia XA1 Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Sony Xperia XZs Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia E5 Dual Sony Xperia E5 Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia X Dual Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Dual Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia XA Dual Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia Z5 Dual Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual Sony Xperia M5 Dual. Sony Xperia X Compact vs. Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Compact vs. Htc Desire 830 Sony Xperia X Compact vs. Sony Xperia Xa Sony Xperia X Compact vs. Sony Xperia Xa Ultra vs. Huawei P9 Sony Xperia X Compact vs. Samsung Galaxy A3 2016 Sony Xperia X Compact vs. Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 vs. Xiaomi Redmi 3 Sony Xperia X Compact vs. Sony Xperia Xa Ultra vs. Sony Xperia Z5 Dual vs. Sony Xperia Z2 Google Pixel vs. Sony Xperia X Compact vs. Motorola Google Nexus 6 Sony Xperia X Compact vs. Sony Xperia Xa Sony Xperia X Compact vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia MWC 2018 Press Conference: How to Watch Live Stream. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Sony Xperia X Compact in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Sep 8, 2016. View all photos (47). Click to read the full review. As the name implies, the Sony Xperia X Compact is for those who seek a light, reasonably small, pocket-friendly Android handset. It is also a phone not to be underestimated, as it combines a respectable amount of processing power with Sony's latest camera technologies. The 23MP shooter at the back is backed by an array of sensors aiding it in nailing the perfect focus and color balance. At the same time, the large image sensor and Sony's newest algorithms deliver superior detail. And with a fast-charging 2700mAh battery, the Xperia X Compact has enough power to last you through the day.. Sony Xperia X Compact Review Sony Xperia X Compact manual Sony Xperia X Compact benchmarks. Dimensions: 5.08 x 2.56 x 0.37 inches (129 x 65 x 9.5 mm). Weight: 4.76 oz (135 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Display Physical size: 4.6 inches. Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Oleophobic coating, Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 4), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Autofocus (Laser, Phase detection), CMOS image sensor. Software Features: Touch to focus, Smile detection, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Scenes. Features: Video light, Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Hexa-core, 1800 MHz, ARM Cortex-A72 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 11.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 29.6 days (710 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 14.10 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 31.2 days (750 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Stand-by time (4G): 27.9 days (670 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: DLNA, Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 800, 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 19, 20, 26, 28. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. Data: LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s, UMTS. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 01 Sep 2016. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Sony Xperia X Compact (Global version). Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Sony Xperia X Compact specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $315 Buy. Sony Xperia X and X compact Android 8.0 update available!. Deal: Unlocked Sony Xperia X Compact is on sale at Best Buy for $280 (30% off). Sony Xperia X and X Compact get January Android security updates. Sony rolls Android 7.0 Nougat out to several Xperia devices. Deal: Sony Xperia X Compact now costs just $299. Sony pushes November security updates to Xperia XZ and Xperia X Compact. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The next video is starting stop. Meet the new Xperia X Compact. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Take a closer look at the new Xperia™ X Compact: http://www.sonymobile.com/xperiaxcompact Explore the world of Xperia: http://www.sonymobile.com/xperia Introducing a smartphone that combines convenience, comfort and beauty. With a 4.6” display, the new Xperia X Compact is the perfect fit for your pocket – so you’ll be able to reach for its advanced Sony camera wherever you are. Blur-free photos, in any light, are at your fingertips. Thanks to a curved, gentle form and stylish finish, Xperia X Compact is truly a pleasure to hold, allowing for precise one-handed use. And you’ll be able to express your style in three elegant and timeless colours.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Sony Xperia X Compact - Unboxing & First Look! (4K). Sony Xperia XZ hands on review. Xperia X Compact Android 7 vs iPhone SE iOS 10.2 Speed Test, Benchmark, Multitasking, Fingerprint. Sony Xperia X Compact vs Z5 Compact - Speed & Camera Test!. Hands-On Exclusive of Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact - MWC 2018. Sony Xperia X Compact -- a small phone with a great camera. X Compact | the best vs. Sony Xperia X Compact hands on review. Introducing Xperia XZ2 Compact - Perfect size. Sony Xperia X Compact vs Sony Xperia Z5 Compact. Official Xperia X video from MWC 2016 – our new 5” curved smartphone from Sony. Best Small Android Phone in 2017! (Sony Xperia X Compact Review). Xperia X Compact: official unboxing video. Sony Xperia X Compact (Nougat): Is It Still Worth It?. Xperia XZ – perfectly tailored to life. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Stay logged in | Having trouble?. Sign up or login to join the discussions!. Sign up to comment and more. Sony Xperia X Compact review: Small Android is still good, but not much better. Aside from camera tricks, the $499 handset is a slightly sub-par Z5 Compact. Page: 1 2 Next →. - Sep 29, 2016 12:00 pm UTC. Specs at a glance: Sony Xperia X Compact. 1.8GHz six-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 (2x 1.8GHz Cortex A72 cores, 4x 1.4GHz Cortex A53 cores). 32GB with up to 256GB external storage supported via microSD. USB Type-C, 3.5mm headphone jack, microSD card slot. 23MP rear camera, 5.1MP front camera. 5.0" x 2.56" x 0.37" (129 x 65 x 9.5mm). 5-axis image stabilization for video, HDR photo mode. Further Reading Review: Sony’s Xperia Z5 Compact is the best small Android phone you can buy. basically the newest version of the Z5 Compact that hit the US earlier this year. But just because it's a newer version of the (comparatively) tiny handset doesn't mean it's an upgrade in every way. Sony is pushing the camera sensors in the X Compact and. the flagship-level XZ, as well as new. five-axis image stabilization and HDR photo mode. Sony knows cameras, so we know the shooter in the X Compact will at least be competent. good enough to encourage photography buffs to shell out $499 for this unlocked handset while delivering solid performance across the board as well.. The X Compact is cut from the same cloth as the Z5 Compact. It's a little brick-like handset that measures 5.0 x 2.56 x 0.37-inches, and its diminutiveness at first struck me as cute, but then became somewhat. My daily smartphone is an iPhone 6—not even the big 6 Plus—and everything about the X Compact felt small to me. I became frustrated with things like the onscreen keyboard in particular; my fingers would often miss keys or hit the wrong ones while typing out messages at my normal texting speed. But size is a matter of taste, and the X Compact's smallness is part of the point—I like something a little bigger, but. if you want a smaller Android phone, this is still one of just a few options.. It's still a great phone for one-handed use. I actually enjoy being able to wrap my hand around three of its. four sides at once, and it's even easier to reach every part of the touchscreen on the X Compact with just my thumb than it is on my iPhone. One-handed use is a convenience that makes me a tad nostalgic for small handsets, and that's one of the major reasons why Sony makes. these kinds of phones at all. Whether you crave that ease, or just have small hands, a compact device feels better to use on a regular basis.. Unlike its big brother, the new Xperia XZ , the X Compact was made of plastic and felt a little cheap in comparison to all-metal handsets. It's also not water-resistant like the XZ or Z5 Compact, so don't get too reckless with it around the sink or the pool. It has a glossy finish on both the front and the back, and thanks to this my black model proudly wore. as if they were battle scars.. Like the Z5 Compact, this is a 720p panel protected by Gorilla Glass 4, and it produces bold colors and can get. bright enough to be read well in sunlight. The bezels on the two sizes of the display are quite narrow, but like with most Android (and definitely most Sony) smartphones, the bezels are much thicker at the top and bottom of the handset.. However, that extra bezel space on the bottom does not hold a fingerprint sensor on the US models.. I've gotten so used to unlocking my iPhone with my thumb that the continuous lack of fingerprint sensor on Sony phones feels like an oversight, especially since the phone has one in other countries. The Z5 Compact doesn't have a fingerprint sensor either, but Apple's smallest handset, the $399 iPhone SE , has Touch ID.. The camera, flash, and sensor are the only things interrupting the smooth black surface of the X Compact. It charges via USB Type-C port, and on the right side of the smartphone are its power button, volume rocker, and quick-start camera button. The left side just holds the card slot that houses the nanoSIM and space for an optional microSD card (you can expand the storage up to 256GB). If you've used any Sony smartphone before, it feels very familiar. on both the flagship XZ and the X Compact lie in the camera, so Sony clearly didn't want to spend time fixing. what wasn't broken with the handset's design.. Xperia X Compact with its 4.6-inch HD display.. The X Compact next to the iPhone 6.. It's visibly thicker than the iPhone and feels brick-like.. The USB Type-C charging port at the bottom.. The power button, along with the volume rocker and camera launch button on the right side.. The SIM/microSD card slot on the left side.. The X Compact runs Android 6.0.1, and it hasn't changed much from when I used it on the $699 Xperia X Performance. Sony's lightly skinned version of Android is pleasant, especially for someone like me who prefers pure Android, but it's still burdened by some Sony bloatware that you'll likely never use. Many of those are duplicative of. Google's generally superior apps and can usually be ignored in favor of Google's stuff or many of the other apps in. I still appreciate Sony's Stamina and Ultra Stamina battery saving modes as they'll come in handy when you need to preserve the life of your phone over a long day that turns into a long night. Ultra Stamina mode is still more limiting than Stamina mode since you only have access to essential. phone, messages, contacts, camera, settings, and clock, but it could be useful if you're trying to stop yourself from fooling around on Facebook or Instagram when you need to get work done.. In terms of security, the X Compact's security patch is from June 2016, so it's already three months out of date since Google patches every month. We've reached out to Sony to see how often and when they will patch the X Compact, but we haven't heard back yet.. App dock with a number of Sony bloatware programs. Suggested apps get their own page as well.. Like the physical design of the X Compact, Sony's software will feel very familiar to anyone who has used a Sony phone before, not that that's necessarily a bad thing. The biggest updates lie in the X Compact's cameras: Sony put a 23-megapixel rear camera on the handset. as well as a 5MP front-facing camera. The newest features include five-axis image stabilization when recording video and HDR photo mode while shooting in manual.. Sony also added a new laser autofocus system that estimates distance between the camera and the photo's subject so it can take better shots in low light, and it also has a predictive hybrid autofocus system that keeps moving objects in focus at all times. All of these new features blend into Sony's existing camera software seamlessly to the point where you almost forget that they exist, but the crisp and boldly colored photos that the rear camera takes show they're constantly working.. Low-light photo, taken in superior auto mode.. Low-light photo, taken in manual with "cloudy" white balance setting.. Photo taken in manual mode with no changes in settings.. Photo taken in manual mode with EV +0.7.. Photo taken in superior auto mode. Colors are accurate but the farther away the foliage is, the more noisy the details become. Photo taken in manual mode on the "landscape" scene, which is too bright in places but makes colors richer.. Photo taken in superior auto mode.. Photo taken in manual mode on "cloudy" white balance setting, which warms up the photo considerably.. Overall the photo quality is good, but low-light photos weren't brightened enough for me in superior auto mode. You can still identify most objects, but details will be lost in the shadows, especially if the objects themselves are darkly colored. the rear camera captured details in nature well but faltered a bit when faced with brick buildings and far-away trees (things that have a bunch of small details that are hard to identify when not in close range). I also really liked the preset "scene" options that adjust the camera for your subject: landscape highlighted. the greens and reds of foliage and flowers; however, overcast skies often overexposed parts of those. "Soft skin" is basically a faux-beauty mode that smooths out your skin, but it would be more useful if you could use that when shooting with the front-facing camera (it's only available for the rear).. The camera app interface is pretty self-explanatory: swipe on the screen to switch between manual, superior auto, and video recording modes, and there's an extra option at the end where you can find external camera apps to edit photos and videos. Manual mode has been updated to include full shutter speed control (1/4000 to 1s) and a manual focus slider in addition to the white balance and exposure compensation controls it already had. It's really easy to manipulate photos before you even take them in this manual mode, and the camera adjusts to show you what the outcome will be with those chosen presets.. One thing to note that's a difference between the nearly identical rear cameras on the X Compact and the more expensive XZ is that the X Compact cannot shoot 4K video. That feature is reserved for Sony's more expensive handsets, however the iPhone SE can shoot 4K at 30fps. You'll still get that five-axis image stabilization, though, which will make it much easier to keep the moving objects that you're filming in focus.. The 5MP selfie cam isn't the 13MP shooter on the Xperia X, but it takes decent self portraits, just without the sharp details of the handset's rear camera. As mentioned before, I would have liked to have full manual mode use for the front-facing camera, purely for the "soft skin" filter. But Sony did add a cool trick to the front shooter: you can hold up your hand, palm open and facing the camera, to start the photo timer instead of tapping. the display to take a photo yourself.. Valentina is the Associate Reviewer for Ars Technica, covering all gadgets with a focus on mobile devices and wearables. She has a soft spot for Chromebooks. You must login or create an account to comment.. ← Previous story Next story →. Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). View our Affiliate Link Policy. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast .. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for xperia x compact. All Listings - Current page. results for xperia x compact. Save xperia x compact to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow xperia x compact to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Sony Xperia X Compact - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black (US Warranty) NO TAX. Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 - 32GB - Black (Factory Unlocked) Smartphone. Brand New High Quality PU Leather Case for Sony Xperia X XA XP X Performance XZ. For Sony Xperia X XA XA1 Ultra Performance Compact XZ Premium Transparent Clear. Sony Xperia X Compact (F5321) 32GB 4G LTE Unlocked Smartphone - US Warranty 4.6". USED Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 32GB LTE Factory Unlocked Smartphone Black. Open Box - Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 32GB-3MP LTE Factory Unlocked Smartphone. Sony Xperia Xz1 Compact 32 Gb Smartphone - 4g - 4.6" Lcd 1280 X 720 Hd. Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) FINGERPRINT READER WORKS!!. Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 - 32GB - Mist Blue (Unlocked) Smartphone. Sony Xperia Xz1 Compact 32 Gb Smartphone - 4g - 4.6" Lcd 1280 X 720 Hd. 4 new & refurbished from $419.95. 4G LTE Factory Unlocked Hexa-core Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 32GB 23MP Phone. Full Protective Matte Case For Sony Xperia XA XZ XP For Sony Xperia X Compact Ca. Case for Sony Xperia X Compact Flipcover Leather-Case red + glass film. Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 - 32GB - Universe Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 - 32GB - Universe Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Sony Xperia Xz1 Compact 32 Gb Smartphone - 4g - 4.6" Lcd 1280 X 720 Hd. 2 new & refurbished from $424.98. Sony Xperia X Compact - 32GB - Universe Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Sony Xperia X Compact 4.6" Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Blue For parts. Good condition smartphone 4.6inches For Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 23MP NFC. 3D Curved Edge Full Cover Screen Protector Film For Sony Xperia XZ XZS X Compact. For Sony Xperia E5 X Compact X Mini Xperia XZ XR Sony XA TPU case soft painting. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact PSC Carbon Fiber Shockproof Soft TPU Case Cover - Red. 5X EZguardz Anti-Scratch Screen Protector Cover 5X For Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact. Original Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 32GB Black (Unlocked) Smartphone 4.6" 23MP. 4.6" Sony Ericsson Xperia Z3 Compact D5803 16GB Unlocked 4G Smartphone-4 Colors!. Brand New Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact G8441 32GB FACTORY UNLOCKED - Black. Black Sony Ericssion Xperia Z5 COMPACT 23MP LTE 32GB - Unlocked Mobile Phone. Sony Xperia Z3 Compact D5803 16GB Factory Unlocked Smartphone - US Shipping. Open Box Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact G8441 - 32GB LTE Factory Unlocked Smartphone. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 32GB Android 4G LTE Smartphone Black/White/Ye llow. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact, G8441, Unlocked, 32GB, Black +FREE SHIPPING. Unlocked Sony Ericsson Xperia Z3 Compact D5803 16GB 4G 4.6" Smartphone-Bla ck. New Unlocked Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 32GB GPS 4.6" 4G LTE Smartphone Black. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 - 32GB - (Unlocked) 4G Smartphone - 4 Colors. New Original Unlocked Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 32GB 23MP 4G Smartphone Black. Sony XPERIA XZ1 Compact G8441 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 4.6" HD Black Blue Pink Silver. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. OPEN BOX - Sony XPERIA XZ1 Compact G8441 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 4.6" HD Black. Sony Ericsson Xperia Z3 compact D5803 smartphone Factory unlocked 16GB BLACK. Sony Xperia Z1 Compact D5503 - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone - Grade A. Sony Ericsson 4.3“ XPERIA Z1 Compact D5503 4G LTE 16GB Unlocked Smartphone black. Sony Ericsson Xperia Z3 Compact D5803 Unlocked 16GB 20.7MP Smartphone - Black. New Genuine Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 32GB 4G LTE Android Smartphone Black. Unlocked Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 Android 32GB 4G LTE Smartphone 3 colors. 4.6" Sony Ericsson Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 32GB Unlocked 4G Cellphone - 4 Colors. Unlocked 4.6" Sony Ericsson XPERIA Z5 Compact E5823 4G LTE 32GB 23MP Smartphone. New Unlocked Sony Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 32GB GPS 4.6" 4G LTE Smartphone White. Sony - XPERIA XZ1 Compact 4G LTE with 32GB Memory Cell Phone (Unlocked) G8441. Sony Ericsson Xperia Z1 Compact D5503 16GB Unlocked Android Smartphone - 4 Color. 4.6'' Unlocked Sony Ericsson Xperia Z5 Compact E5823 23MP 32GB Mobile Phone. USED - Sony XPERIA XZ1 Compact G8441 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 4.6" HD Blue. Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Z3 Compact D5803 16GB Smartphone 20.7MP 4G Unlocked. Brand New Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact G8441 32GB FACTORY UNLOCKED - Silver. WHITE Sony Ericssion Xperia Z5 COMPACT 23MP LTE 32GB - Unlocked Mobile Phone. OPEN BOX - Sony XPERIA XZ1 Compact G8441 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 4.6" HD Silver. Unlocked Sony Ericssion Xperia Z3 Compact LTE 16GB -WHITE- Mobile Phone - D5803. Genuine Back Rear Case Battery Door Cover For Sony Xperia X Compact F5321 Black. 8 x ultra anti-glare (matte) Screen Protector for Sony Xperia X Compact. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Touchscreen - Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 (13105859). Customs services and international tracking provided. Touchscreen - Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 (13105862). Customs services and international tracking provided. Touchscreen - Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 (13105858). Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Worldwide Shipping ✤ USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. 100% Original - 1 Year Warranty - Free Ship - Tested. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Not finding what you're looking for? Save xperia x compact to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. The best Sony Xperia X Compact deals in February 2018. The best Sony Xperia X Compact deals in February 2018. Compare the best Sony Xperia X Compact deals here to find the perfect contract deal. Sony Xperia X Compact review and specs. Sony created another brilliant smartphone with the Xperia X Compact, which crams in flagship features into a handy and easy to carry size. If you're looking for the best deals that let you get your hands on this awesome handset, while also giving you plenty of data, calls and texts each month, then you've come to the right place for Xperia X Compact deals.. Now superseded by the Xperia XZ1 Compact , the X Compact still impresses with a 4.6-inch 720p display, which fits comfortably in the hand and 23MP high resolution camera with fantastic autofocus.. With a smaller screen than the Xperia X comes a smaller price tag as well, and as you'll see from the deals below, there are plenty of affordable ways to get your hands on this mini wonder. Following another fall in price after Sony's latest range of phone launches, this is a great time to look for a new phone.. More options: Sony Xperia X deals | Sony Xperia XZ deals | Sony Xperia XZ Premium deals | Samsung Galaxy S8 deals | iPhone SE deals | Best mobile phone deals. Good, but there are better budget phones out there. Screen size: 4.6-inch | Display type: IPS LCD capactive 720 x 1280 pixels | Main camera: 23MP | Battery: 2700mAh | Operating system: Android 7.1 Nougat. We like the idea of the Compact X - a small, affordable Android phone, probably inspired by the popularity of the iPhone SE - and, on the whole, the execution is rather good, too. The camera is much better than we'd expect from a phone at this price and it feels lovely to use. It could have just done with a bit more power.. Read TechRadar's full Sony Xperia X Compact review here.. STK X2 offers up Samsung looks for a fraction of the price. Lenovo's new Yoga 730, Flex 14 laptops should please content creators for less. Lenovo’s newest Chromebook comes with a built-in stylus. Sony Xperia XZ2 vs Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Hands on: Sony Xperia X Compact. Sony's Xperia X Compact is available in the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg. Very comparable to Sony’s larger phones. Sony’s Xperia X Compact inherits many of the XZ’s best characteristics … and its baggage.. Sony’s top-of-the-line smartphones have traditionally been accompanied by cheaper, smaller handsets. strategy that’s done the firm well: the Xperia Z3 Compact topped the smartphone sales list in Japan, and last year’s effort, the Xperia Z5 , left us thoroughly impressed. It’s not really surprising that alongside the flagship Xperia XZ we’re going to get the Xperia X Compact.. Xperia X Compact is mostly in line with its predecessors, which is to say that it. the Xperia XZ’s curved edges, a seamless unibody, and minimalist design, but. high-resolution screen for a lower-spec display,. a build material that’s a little less polished than that of the XZ.. That’s not to say the X Compact’s a. Whether or not it qualifies as a. one, though, will depend on the value you place on Sony’s hardware expertise.. If you mistake the Xperia X Compact for another Xperia phone, we forgive you. the Xperia X Compact measures 129 x 65 x 9.5 mm, or shorter, narrower, and stouter than the Xperia XZ (146 x 72 x 8.1 mm) — the aesthetic differences are largely superficial.. 4.6 inches, it’s shorter than the Xperia XZ’s 5.2-inch panel, and measurably lower in resolution — it’s. 1080p (1,920 x 1,080p), as is the XZ’s screen. in our brief time with the unit,. problems that might be considered deal breakers. While we swiped through home screens and launching apps aimlessly, it seemed just as bright and vivid. And moreover, its viewing angles were. degrees horizontally, the X Compact’s screen didn’t. If you mistake the Xperia X Compact for another Xperia phone, we forgive you.. The screen’s protected by the same Gorilla Glass 4 shielding as the XZ’s panel, and it sports the same curved, 2.5D design. speakers — stereo, like the XZ’s pair — look identical in appearance to the naked eye (unfortunately, we weren’t given the opportunity to hear how they compared.) And even the sensor placement’s eerily, almost. similar — the proximity sensor occupies the same spot above the X Compact’s display as the sensor on the XZ.. a dead ringer for the XZ’s. On the left is a silver-accented, elongated, and flush. power button housed a few inches. volume rocker and dedicated camera key. The top and bottom bare no surprises: there’s a USB Type-C port on the latter, and a headphone jack on the former. And on the left side’s a removable. SIM slot that, as on the XZ, doubles as an SD Card slot.. Taken as a whole, the X Compact’s design is neither more nor less polarizing than the Xperia XZ’s — they’re basically identical. slope just as gently and attractively. The corners are just as angular, and the. That’s all to say if you find yourself less than impressed with. the Xperia XZ’s aesthetic, the X Compact won’t. A point in the XZ’s favor, though is the X Compact’s shell.. It swaps the aluminum blend on the XZ for a thick plastic that feels hollow, albeit light, to the touch. isn’t altogether pleasant — whereas the Xperia XZ’s unibody is heavy to the point of being uncomfortable, the X Compact felt almost insubstantial.. The front-facing camera on the X Compact can’t reach the resolutions (5 megapixel) achievable by the XZ’s impressive selfie sensor (13 megapixel). But it’s worth noting that in all other respects, the two shooters are basically identical, at least on paper: they share same f/2.0 aperture, the same model of wide-angle lens, and the same 1/3.06 pixel size. Any differences in quality of pictures produced between the two, then,. Flip the X Compact around, sit it adjacent to the XZ’s rear, and you’ll. note the same series of striking similarities.. same 23-megapixel model as that on the XZ, and it packs the XZ’s supporting cast of sensors: an. LED flash, laser depth sensor, and RGB sensor flank its right side. It has the same five-axis optical image stabilizer that accounts for pitch, yaw, horizontal, vertical, and “roll” movement as the XZ’s camera, and the same “award-winning” 24mm lens.. But the similarities between the two cameras end when it comes to video: the X Compact shoots in resolutions of up to 1080p, short of the 4K that the XZ is capable of shooting. Sony blamed the limitation on the X Compact’s weaker processor.. We weren’t able to test X Compact’s camera app in our brief time with the phone, but. features Superior Auto mode, an assistance function that automatically. adjusts white balance, exposure, and contrast in real time. It offers a timer, too, plus an “auto capture” option which snaps shots when a smiling subject is detected in frame.. And for more proficient photographers, there’s a. manual mode that exposes the camera’s focus, shutter-speed, exposure, and white-balance settings.. the X Compact falls short in design, though, it makes up. Humming along inside it is a hexa-core Snapdragon 650 processor which is made of two. powerful 1.8GHz processors for intensive tasks and four weaker, 1.2GHz. it couldn’t be more different than the XZ’s processor: it, by contrast,. cores that tackle tasks irrespective of complexity. We weren’t afforded the opportunity to benchmark the X Compact, but assuming the results line up with. most recent meta-analysis of CPU scores, the X Compact should deliver around half the raw. Aside from the processor, the X Compact’s internals are nearly indistinguishable from the XZ. It has the same 3GB of RAM, same 32GB of internal storage, and the same sensors — e.g., a gyroscope and accelerometers. In terms of connectivity, it sports dual-band Wi-Fi, a Cat. 6 LTE antenna (versus the XZ’s Cat. and support for the near-field communication (NFC) tech leveraged. by Android Pay and other contactless payment platforms.. And like the XZ, it lacks a fingerprint sensor.. components is a smaller battery than the XZ’s pack. It’s 2,700mAh in capacity, or 200mAh smaller than the XZ’s 2,900mAh pack, but supports Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 (same as the XZ), which should translate to relatively short recharge sessions. And given that the X Compact features. the same Stamina, Ulta Stamina power-saving modes, and energy-optimizing Qnovo software as the XZ, we. expect the handset’s pack to last just as long, if not longer, than the. XZ — about a day and a half of light usage.. The X Compact and XZ have their hardware differences, but in terms of software, they’re. identical — Sony said the two handsets share operating system-level customizations and app suites. running a tweaked version of Android 6.0 Marshmallow, the newest version of Google mobile operating system behind the recently finalized Android Nougat, but with a few tweaks here and there. lets you swap the X Compact’s color palate, icons, and animations for one of several preinstalled or downloadable ones.. lets you mirror the handset’s screen to a compatible TV or PC.. In terms of apps, Sony’s proprietary launcher, Xperia Home, is the most visible. It takes the place of Android’s default home screen, and it’s comparable. you can reorganize apps by tapping and dragging, quickly create folders by dragging one icon over another, and easily plop widgets by pressing and holding on the home screen.. Sony’s added touches of its own, like. Sony refrained from filling the X Compact with bloatware, thankfully, and the apps it has. There’s Lifelog, an all-in-one wellness hub that aggregates your daily physical activity and progress toward fitness goals. There’s the Xperia Lounge, a promotional hub for Sony corporate various media enterprises (e.g., Sony Music, PlayStation, and Sony Pictures). There’s Movie Creator, which automatically generates clips. from pics and videos you’ve captured. software companion that lets you manage. (and play games from, if you’re on a local network) a PlayStation 4 console.. Sony offers a normal one-year limited warranty that covers manufacturer defects, but not issues caused by dropping damaging the phone yourself.. The X Compact, as you might expect, comes in the same three colors as the XZ: black, white,. It was released in the United Kingdom on September 8 ,. available for free or for a small up-front payment on monthly contracts under 30 pounds at. O2 , EE , giffgaff , Carphone Warehouse , and. Aside from the processor, the X Compact’s internals are nearly indistinguishable from the XZ.. The device is also now available in the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg for 449 euros. It’s available in black, white, and light blue.. For those of us in the U.S., the Xperia X Compact is now available for pre-order on Amazon.com. Blue , Black , and White. But wait — Amazon is offering a $50 credit at checkout, which means you’ll only be paying $450.. An important note for American buyers, however, is that the Xperia X Compact in the U.S. If you want one of those babies, you’ll have to buy the Compact from another market.. The X Compact is tough to quantify. Couched in terms of a mid-range, affordable alternative to the XZ, it’s. sacrifice a few megapixels, a bit of screen resolution, and some raw processing power for a reasonably powerful handset that delivers much the same experience. positioned against the competition, it’s a tougher call. Sony has yet to announce pricing for the X Compact, but assuming it’s in line with last year’s Z5 Compact — $500 — you can do far better for less, these days. ZTE’s Axon 7 Mini , for instance, retails for less than $300 and packs an octa-core processor, 1080p processor, and. some of the best-sounding smartphone speakers we’ve ever heard. $250 Moto G4 Plus pairs a capable processor with 4GB of RAM and a camera that bests handsets far above its price point.. Whether or not you should consider the X Compact, then, ultimately comes down to how highly you value Sony’s. imaging and software expertise over others.. A top-of-the-line camera sensor and proprietary software suite is compelling, and may be enough to seal the deal for some of you. But in our estimation, most everything. everything else the X Compact does well, cheaper competition does better.. The embattled Sony, it’s safe to say,. has its work cut out for it.. Julian Chokkattu: Added report of X Compact release in the. Updated on 09-19-2016 by Lulu Chang: Added report of pre-order availability on Amazon.com.. XZ1 Compact: What a difference a year makes. Sony’s Xperia XZ2 smartphones have better Super Slow Motion than the Galaxy S9. Sony’s latest Xperia smartphones boast changes, but not a major redesign. HTC U11 Life: Can Sony rule the midrange market?. Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact hands-on review. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. Mini will kill off the quirky Paceman to make room for the new BMW 5 series. Sony’s Xperia XZ2 smartphones have better Super Slow Motion than the…. Do you see what AI sees? Google unleashes ARCore and Lens features. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Sony's fan-favorite 'Compact' line returns with what might be its most compelling installment yet.. If you want a flagship-class Android phone in a smaller form factor, Sony's Compact series of phones is basically the only game in town. Unveiled at IFA 2016 in Berlin today, the Xperia X Compact is the series' fourth addition, bringing the internals of the Xperia X down to a more manageable size. We've had an early look at the X Compact ahead of today's unveiling, and what we've found is a worthy addition to one of the most unique Android families — though one lacking the trailblazing specs of previous generations.. If you've used the Xperia Z5 Compact, it should come as no surprise to find the X Compact is — as well as being smaller — both chunkier and more plasticky than its big brother the XZ. Like the XZ, it features Sony's new "loop surface" design, which wraps around the body of the phone. But in place of the metal back on the larger model you've got glossy plastic. It's a step down in terms of materials, but given how fingerprinty the metal back of the Xperia XZ can get, it's kind of a wash overall.. On the outside: A bigger, chunkier, plasticky Xperia XZ. On the inside: A mix of high-end and mid-range.. Like Sony's new flagship, the top and bottom are completely flat, except for headphone jack up top and USB-C port down below. It's an unusual look that builds on Sony's established design language, but admittedly not as eye-catching as the metal and glass-based competition.. On the inside, the Xperia X Compact packs the same Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 chip used by the Xperia X, along with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of storage. The 650 lacks the processing oomph of the Snapdragon 820 used in the higher-end XZ, but given the X Compact's 720p screen resolution, there should be plenty of horsepower to go around. For what it's worth, we didn't see any performance issues in our time with the phone. And at 4.6 inches diagonally, pixel density doesn't suffer too much either.. MORE: Sony Xperia XZ + X Compact specs. Battery capacity actually gets a small bump up to 2,700mAh, which bodes well for longevity given the phone's efficient internals and relatively small screen. (It wouldn't be the first time a Sony "Compact" knocked it out of the park with amazing battery life.) And what's more, the new Compact inherits its big brother's Quick Charge 3.0 capabilities for even faster recharges.. The Compact should also benefit from Sony's software optimizations and features like Stamina mode, which builds on Android Marshmallow's "doze" capabilities to cut back CPU speeds and background tasks when required, or when the battery's running low. In fact, Sony's software as a whole does a great job of building on Android without stepping on Google's design work. Sony's stylized lock screen looks great, and in other areas like the notification shade the company has tweaked things to allow for more customization.. There are compromises, but the Xperia X Compact might be the best small Android phone of 2016.. It's a relatively minimalist UI that still looks like Android, but with a handful of bundled apps and some unique UI design cues.. But perhaps the most important feature brought over to this smaller form factor is the X Compact's camera, which comes straight from the Xperia XZ, along with its laser autofocus, 5-axis stabilization and 23-megapixel sensor size. It's every bit the flagship camera we're seeing in the new Sony, giving it a real edge over every other small Android phone — assuming the hype is to be believed.. As the Android phone marketplace continues to be dominated by 5.2- to 5.7-inch handsets, it's great to see Sony sticking with a smaller option for those who want something more hand- and pocket-friendly. There are some compromises to be made coming down from the XZ to X Compact, sure — a less beastly CPU, less exotic materials and lower-resolution display. But if you're looking for a decent, small Android phone in 2016, the X Compact might well be your best option.. The Sony Xperia X Compact launches on September 25, ahead of the XZ on October 23. We'll update this post with pricing info when it's made available.. NOW READ: Sony Xperia XZ review. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Kompletní recenzi naleznete zde: https://mobilenet.cz/c/31449 Kompletní technické specifikace v našem katalogu na mobilenet.cz: https://mobilenet.cz/katalog/sony-xpe... V dnešním světě obrů je těžké najít zařízení, které by nedělalo mnoho kompromisů a přitom nabídlo malé rozměry. Jedním z posledních takových je Sony se svou sérií Compact. Letos však Sony novou Xperií X Compact tak trochu obrátilo koncept této řady vzhůru nohama a zasloužilo se tak o celkem rozporuplné přijetí. Zaslouží si zatracení či naopak chválu?. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Sony Xperia X Compact (Nougat): Is It Still Worth It?. Sony Xperia X Compact hands on review. Samsung Galaxy S9 a S9+ (MWC 2018). Sony XPERIA X Compact test výkonu Antutu Benchmark. Sony Xperia X Compact vs iPhone 6S - Speed & Camera Test!. iPhone SE vs Xperia X Compact Speed Test. Sony Xperia X Compact - Pepsi Soda Test! (4K). Sony Xperia X Compact - Unboxing & First Look! (4K). Sony Xperia X Compact vs Sony Xperia Z5 Compact. Sony Xperia X Compact vs Z5 Compact - Speed & Camera Test!. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact (MWC 2018). Xperia X Compact [エクスペリア エックス コンパクト] SO-02J docomo 2016-2017冬春モデル. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
NotebookReview TabletPCReview Brighthand DigitalCameraReview DesktopReview PrinterComparison TechnologyGuide. Best Cheap Laptops and Tablets of 2015. Home > Topics > Smartphone > Android > Smartphone Reviews > Sony Xperia X Compact Review: Best Small Android Smartphone. Sony Xperia X Compact Review: Best Small Android Smartphone. Rating 1 to 10, top score 10. Very good battery autonomy Modern design Display cuts through outdoor glare very well. Not waterproof like Sony's previous compact Xperias Dedicated camera key is redundant USB Type-C connector supports USB 2.0, but not 3.0. It's no flagship, but it’s still one of the best devices smaller than five inches on the market. We just wish it was waterproof like its predecessors.. Sony Xperia X Compact Review Conclusion. Display cuts through outdoor glare very well. Not waterproof like Sony’s previous compact Xperias. USB Type-C connector supports USB 2.0, but not 3.0. With its compact Xperias, Sony owns the small-yet-sweet Android smartphone market.. It has a simple formula: the similar top-shelf hardware from the large flagship model, but with a display smaller than five inches. No other device maker uses the same tactic, so there’s no competition for Sony.. Amidst this, Sony presents its Xperia X Compact , the most powerful smartphone smaller than five inches… but with poorer specifications than the flagship Xperia, diverging from Sony’s traditional take.. With a 4.6-inch HD display, Sony Xperia X Compact sports a Qualcomm hexa-core Snapdragon 650, along with 3GB RAM, a 23-megapixel rear camera and a 5-megapixel front camera, Android OS 6.0.1 (Marshmallow), and a 2700mAh battery.. Compared to last year’s model, the Xperia Z5 Compact , the new Xperia X Compact no longer has the IP certificate and is not waterproof. However, its starting price is cheaper, coming in at about $400.. Find out more about this small Android smartphone in this. Sony’s recognizable, strictly squared design, is the dominant aesthetic. Like all its predecessors, the Sony Xperia X Compact is a bit chunky, which is not surprising, given that it crams a lot in a smaller-screen device. It measure 129 x 65 x 9.5 mm (5.08 x 2.56 x 0.37 inches) and weighs 135 grams (4.76 ounces), making it nearly identical to last year’s model. It features a policarbonic unibody, meaning it’s entirely solid plastic. Its texture mimics ceramics on one side, giving the phone a highly modern appearance, but it’s a fingerprint magnet.. It is a shame Sony Xperia X Compact is not waterproof, given that this was a differentiator. In order to cut the price, Sony clearly had to compromise. Granted, it’s smaller and easier to hold than a larger smartphone, likely reducing the risk of dropping it in water. Still, this is the first Sony compact smartphone that can’t take photos underwater, at least not without a special case.. The phone’s back is uniform and only includes the camera lens and a single LED flash, located in the upper left corner, while the front includes stereo speaker perforations above and below the display.. The upper perforation is used as a speaker for making phone calls, while the phone’s primary microphone is hidden in the bottom perforation. The front-facing camera lens is located above the display, along with the ambient light sensor, while the notifications LED is in the corner. The control keys are a part of the rather busy user interface.. The phone’s bottom houses the USB Type-C connector with USB 2.0, not 3.0 standardization, while the upper portion includes the 3.5-mm audio input and a tiny secondary microphone. The left side has a cover for the nanoSIM and microSD card drawer, while the Power key with a built-in fingerprint sensor is located at thumb’s height on the right (except for the US market version, as the fingerprint sensor is not active). The volume control rocker is located under it, in a rather unnatural place, and there’s a dedicated camera launch button even lower. This key is actually redundant, as in the past it served to launch the camera and snap underwater pics (touchscreens don’t work under water).. Sony Xperia X Compact power and camera button. Sony Xperia X Compact SIM tray. Measuring 4.6 inches diagonally, the Xperia X Compact display has an HD resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels, resulting in a density of 319 pixels per inch. This may not seem a lot by today’s standards (high-end Android smartphones routinely top 500+ ppi); however, the imaging looks absolutely sharp. Sony has cleverly chosen ‘just’ HD resolution for this compact phone, because the display is too small for a sharper display to make much difference, while much is gained when it comes to saving processor and power resources.. The Sony Xperia X Compact’s IPS LCD features Sony’s Triluminous technology, which is another name for a Quantum dot panel. This emphasizes colors, with more saturation and a more sustainable contrast. Indeed, when it comes to color saturation, this device is not that far behind phones with AMOLED screens, as it provides very vivacious imaging, with warm accents. In a similar fashion, the device cuts through direct-sunlight glare well, faring better than the flagship Xperia X.. On the other hand, Sony’s X-reality engine, which post-processes photographs, produces odd results, with unnatural exposures and unnaturally interpreted colors. Thankfully, X-reality can be manually turned off, and Sony offers RGB sliders for tweaking the white balance. The Xperia X Compact also has ambient sensors for automatic white balance, but manual tweaks can typically produce better results.. Xperia X Compact’s chipset is newer, but still less potent, than the one featured on last year’s Xperia Z5 Compact. It’s Qualcom’s hexa-core Snapdragon 650 with four Cortex-A53 cores, running a 1.4GHz clock and two Cortex-A72 cores, running a 1.8GHz clock (the Z5 Compact has the octa-core Snapdragon 810). Still, the Xperia X Compact is one of the most powerful compact smartphones, while the latest octa-core Snapdragon is probably overkill for such a small display and resolution, as well as the battery. It has to be small enough to fit into the compact body, remember.. With all this, the new Xperia X Compact comes with Adreno 510 graphics (not the Adreno 430 chip) and still has 3GB of RAM, along with 32GB memory storage, complete with the microSD card slot. Looking at the benchmarks, specifically GeekBench 3, our Sony Xperia X Compact review unit scored 1512 on the single-core test, and 3820 on the multi-core. In practice, the phone offers a completely fluid experience, nearly indistinguishable from the larger Xperia flagship.. Regarding connectivity, it supports LTE Cat.6, meaning it can download at 300 MBps and upload at 50 Mbps. It also supports dual-band Wi-Fi a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.2 and NFC. It is nice that the phone comes with built-in FM radio and if you have a PlayStation 4, you can use your phone as a mobile console, because games can be streamed on its display via PS4 Remote Play.. The 2700mAh battery offers more than enough juice to keep the Xperia X Compact running. Streaming HD videos with display brightness set to the max, our Sony Xperia X Compact review unit lasted a full 9 hours and 59 minutes. Anything more than 8 hours is good.. With average use, the our Sony Xperia X Compact review unit lasted about two days between charges.. In addition, the device includes the Qnovo adaptive charging technology, which automatically monitors electrochemical processes in the battery cells, adjusting charging parameters in order to extend battery life. At least in theory, this extends the overall battery life by reducing charge cycles.. The Xperia X Compact also has Battery Care technology, with spots charging patterns and adapts accordingly, again, in an effort to prolong overall battery health.. Thankfully, Sony didn’t compromise on the Xperia X Compact’s 23-megapixel rear-facing camera. The camera features a 24-mm ultra-wide lens (expressed in units equivalent for 24 mm film) with f/2.0. Instead of optical image stabilization, it uses the Active SteadyShot technology, but solely for recording Full HD videos. This is the first Sony smartphone camera with the so-called laser autofocus, which is especially useful for quick focus in the dark, as well as quick white balance adjustments. There’s also an LED flash next to the camera, as well as a prediction focus which locks on moving objects, following their movements.. All this results in our Sony Xperia X Compact review unit snapping pics with above average quality. Thanks to the high resolution, the pics have an exceptional detail level. As an unfortunate side effect, zoomed images have excessive noise, but this can be fixed with resolution reductions.. Sony’s algorithms are great for touching up images, especially those taken in the dark. It typically results in an impressive, if unrealistic, picture. Precise color interpretation and moderate saturation help to blunt that negative effect, however.. In sum, daylight images rival anything taken by a flagship ( iPhone 7 Plus , Samsung Galaxy S7 edge ), while night shots are a notch below.. The front 5-mega-pixel camera offers average results, neither particularly good nor bad, while it’s interesting that it has the equivalent of a 22-mm ultra-wide lens.. In terms of video, it records up to 1080p at 60 fps. It’s the same story with quality: recordings are rich in detail. A great white balance and realistic color saturation give videos a high dynamic range. This might be one of the best smartphone for video output.. The hardware keeps the Sony Xperia X Compact out of the flagship space, but it’s still one of the best devices smaller than five inches on the market. Its long-lasting battery deserves the most praise, and we also like its modern design, attractive display, and decent performance.. All content posted on TechnologyGuide is granted to TechnologyGuide with electronic publishing rights in perpetuity, as all content posted on this site becomes a part of the community.. November 3, 2016 at 2:38 pm. Actually this phone seems to be rather waterproof after all:. November 3, 2016 at 5:41 pm. I dare to disagree about omission of the water-proof feature being a big loss. It was in fact never done right:. Per Sony’s own (albeit much belated) announcement, the water-proof feature was never meant to shoot under-water. My daughter tried it anyways and bricked her Xperia Z2. On my other daughter’s Z1 Compact, I can clearly see how the tiny rubber gasket protection for example on the SD card slot becomes increasingly flaky.. Back to the X Compact: It is nice that it supports SD card memory but will Sony allow adaptive storage, ie combine the SD card memory with the built-in?. On the Sony XA, we can only move pictures, video and audio to the SD card — while all application data (like WhatsApp media files) hog the built-in memory. Is this any different with the X Compact? If not, 32 GB memory is rather tight these days… to begin with, the Sony system itself will eat away a sizable amount.. TabletPCReview Brighthand DigitalCameraReview DesktopReview PrinterComparison TechnologyGuide. Copyright 2000 - 2018, TechTarget | Read our Privacy Statement. TechTarget publishes more than 100 focused websites providing quick access to a deep store of news, advice and analysis about the products, technologies and processes. crucial to the jobs of IT pros.. 
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. Be part of the largest Android community. Already registered? Log in here. Sony Xperia X Compact vs Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017): small, cute and tough?. Hands-on Sony Xperia X Compact review: is smaller better?. Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) review: the mid-range phone that thinks it's a flagship. Nowadays, it’s hard to find a high-quality device that’s smaller than five. Few manufacturers venture into this area as users generally want a smartphone that is a minimum of 5.2-inches. Luckily, Samsung and Sony are an exception to this rule. What’s the Sony Xperia X Compact like compared to Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017)?. Sony Xperia X Compact vs Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017): design. A small screen for a typical Sony design. A small screen for a typical Samsung S7 design. Sony Xperia X Compact vs Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017): display. Despite its HD definition, the X Compact’s screen performs well. Sony Xperia X Compact vs Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017): software. TouchWiz will be familiar to Samsung users. Sony Xperia X Compact vs Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017): performance. Sony Xperia X Compact vs Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017): camera. See all images taken with the Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017). See all images taken with the Sony Xperia X Compact. Sony Xperia X Compact vs Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017): battery life. Sony Xperia X Compact vs Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017): the verdict. Here we have two different styles. On the one hand, there is Sony and their monolithic smartphones with sharp angles and, on the other, we have. Samsung with their curved design with more curves on the back of the device. Other than these visual differences, the main difference is the choice of material: while the Galaxy A3 (2017), like. opts for metal and glass, the Xperia X Compact simply opts for plastic which is elegant but, for some people, it’s not a top-range material.. to offer waterproof smartphones but it has changed its strategy with the Xperia X Compact: the waterproof feature has disappeared. It’s a shame because it has lost one of its biggest features, and allows the Galaxy A3 to have an advantage over it, as the A3 has an IP68 certification that its predecessor lacked.. On the Samsung device it's located, as usual, on the Home button at the bottom of the screen, between the two smart keys. On the Sony device, it is located on the side, on the power button. Another similarity: both phones allow you to use a microSD card with a maximum capacity of 256 GB. On the Sony device, the card slot is found on the side while Samsung have placed it on the right-hand side for the first time.. With its 129 x 65 x 9.5 mm dimensions, the Sony Xperia X Compact is slightly smaller than the Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) which has dimensions of 135.4 x 66.2 x 7.9 mm. As you can see by the figures, the A3. Both devices are exactly the same weight: 135 grams. The difference can’t really be felt when handling.. Samsung based their device’s design on their flagship, and the excellent brushed finishes and the premium aspects are undeniable. Sony offers a smartphone made of plastic which follows the brand’s design rules which will thrill Sony fans but it won’t please other users. While appearance is a matter of taste, I would have a preference for Samsung due to its waterproofing.. The X Compact is slightly smaller and this is reflected in the screen size. its Korean competitor measures 4.7-inches diagonally. This could be a deciding factor for some, but another element forces the issue: the Sony smartphone occupies more space with 69.9 % against 67.9 % on the Samsung.. Both devices have the same definition, 720 x 1,280 (HD definition). The screen technology isn’t the same. Samsung uses, as usual, AMOLED while Sony uses IPS LCD but, in practice, both screens are high quality. Each has its advantages, the Sony Triluminos technology is good for color rendition while the AMOLED technology allows you to use the Always-On-Display mode.. Both phones run with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow although they were marketed several months apart. With that said, the Nougat update is available for the Xperia X Compact while the A3 is still limited to Marshmallow for the moment. It’s hardly surprising that both devices use their manufacturer's. overlays: Xperia UI for Sony and TouchWiz for Samsung. Xperia UI is slightly closer to Stock which will thrill the purists, but TouchWiz has become rather elegant, especially if you compare it to the appearance that it made on previous models.. In both cases the use is. That said, both devices have the same default feature: preinstalled applications. It’s true that the amount of bloatware has decreased but it’s still annoying to have applications on your phone that you never wanted to use and you can’t delete them (unless you're willing to play around. This is really a question of preference and habit.. We’re talking about mid-range devices so you wouldn’t expect poor performance. Although they are far from able to rival current flagships, they don’t lack potential. The Sony smartphone has 3 GB of RAM and a Snapdragon 650 hexa-core processor running at a maximum frequency of 1.8 GHz with two Cortex A72 cores. The A3 has 2 GB of RAM and uses a Samsung octa-core processor, the. Exynos 7870 running at a frequency of 1.6 GHz.. In practice, you won’t notice many differences. In normal, daily usage, both devices are fast, neither suffer from bugs or delays, and they can handle more or less any game without issue and without the phone overheating. Whatever your choice, you won’t be disappointed.. Both devices are fast and neither suffer from bugs or delays.. The Sony device offers a better internal memory. With 32 GB, it allows users to take/store more photos and videos than the A3 which only has 16 GB. On the other hand, the X Compact isn’t great for its SAR: with 1.08 W/kg for the head and 1.25 W/kg for the body, it’s poor. Samsung offers 0.349 W/kg for the head but 1.38 W/kg for the body.. If you had to choose, which one would you take?. Choose “Xperia X Compact” or “Galaxy A3 (2017)”.. You picked undefined! What would your friends choose? share. Oops! Seems like something went wrong. Oops! Seems like something went wrong. Since these devices are mid-range, you can’t expect great photography services. Sony has an advantage: it built its own lenses and mastered the subject. Unfortunately, the X Compact doesn’t showcase this skill: the 23 MP. lens and the f/2.0 aperture allows you to take beautiful photos, but that’s it as the autofocus isn’t very accurate. The Samsung device offers a different configuration: 13 MP lens and f/1.9 aperture. On the whole, images taken with the Galaxy A3 seem to be more successful but both devices struggle with poor lighting.. At the front, the X Compact offers a 5 MP resolution with a f/2.4 aperture while Samsung offers 8 MP. In practice, both devices take good selfies but the Galaxy A3 is slightly better despite the small problem with lighting.. Some say ‘small device, small battery’, but we can also say ‘small device, small screen’ and with a minimum definition, consumption is limited. That’s what both manufacturers did by using an HD definition in order to preserve the battery.. That said, the X Compact offers a larger battery than its Korean competitor: 2700 mAh for Sony and ‘only’ 2350 for Samsung. big advantage for the Japanese model is that it offers a quick charge system which allows you to charge your smartphone from 0 to 100% in 1.5 hours.. The Sony device offers a quick charge system.. Despite its poor battery capacity, the Samsung device has a good battery life. In both devices, you can get a day and a half of usage, perhaps even more with moderate usage.. Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) technical specifications. 129 x 65 x 9.5 mm. 135.4 x 66.2 x 7.9 mm. 1280 x 720 pixels (319 ppi). 1280 x 720 pixels (312 ppi). Although the Xperia X Compact offers several interesting features, to me, it seems better to opt for a Samsung if I had to choose between the two. It offers more functions, especially the waterproof feature, and it costs less than the Xperia X Compact which has been on the market for more than 3 months. The Galaxy A3 can be purchased for around $289, the Xperia X Compact can be found for $299. but usually it costs around $499. Sony fans appreciate the Japanese firm’s typical design and can’t fathom a system without Xperia UI, but those that see past these two elements will perhaps prefer to opt for the Korean competitor.. It's a hard choice, but which one would you choose? Would you prefer to go with the Xperia X Compact or is the Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) more to your liking? Let us know in the comments below.. X compact could be compared with s7 and people who like reliable phone, all round performance and cheaper gear will still think x compact is better. I have bought x compact but after one week returned it back too hot surface of the telephone during charge. I created an account just so I could leave this comment. You mention Sony having the advantage at every turn, but in the end, you recommend the Samsung? Your reasons are not even good. TouchWiz alone makes this an easy win for the Xperia Compact X, but you mention several factors that give Sony the edge. This seems like a Samsung fanboy article to me.. haha! I thought I was the only one who noticed it. The A3 has now ditched TouchWiz UI for GraceUI, which is exponentially better. However, yes the Xperia XC is far better than A3.. For Sony X Compact - Rear camera is 23MP and Front cam is 5MP.. MWC 2018 live updates: the Galaxy S9 struts its stuff. * Please enter a valid email address. Almost done! Check your email to confirm your subscription.. Magazine – Current Android news. Deals – Save money on the best Android gear, accessories and software. Reviews – Android hardware reviews, tips and news. Community – Join in with the world's largest Android community. This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.. 
News / Top 10 / Opinions / Features / How-To / Deals / Business. All Reviews Laptops Tablets Phones Cameras HDTVs Gaming Desktop Printers Monitors Storage Ipad Apps Iphone Apps Android Apps Software Security Networking Routers Servers Scanners Projectors Wearable Tech Health & Fitness Digital Home Cars Speakers Headphones Ebook Readers Laptops / Tablets / Phones / Apps / Software / Security / Printers / Cameras / HDTV. Sony Xperia X Compact |. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. First Looks Product Guides Mobile Phone Reviews Sony Xperia X .... The Sony Xperia X Compact is a sleek unlocked Android phone you can easily use with one hand, but its price is out of proportion with its size.. Editor Rating: Good (3.5) Sep 28, 2016. The Sony Xperia X Compact is a slimmed-down, midrange take on the new Xperia XZ smartphone.. Processor and Battery The X Compact is powered by a midrange Qualcomm Snapdragon 650 processor, a far cry from the top-of-the-line Snapdragon 820 that powers the S7, or the A9 chip under the hood of the iPhone SE. On the AnTuTu benchmark, which tests overall system performance, the X Compact scores 76,566. The doesn't come close to the S7 (123,993) or the iPhone SE (132,500).. Most small Android phones fall into the budget category these days. So where does that leave users looking for a device with flagship-level specs in a sub-5-inch form factor? Sony's Compact line used to be the answer, with miniaturized phones boasting the same internal hardware as their larger siblings. But the Sony Xperia X Compact is a bit different. Rather than being a smaller version of the high-end Xperia XZ , it's actually a variant on the midrange Xperia X. It's one of the nicer small Android phones you can buy, but for $499.99, it's priced a bit too high for what you get.. Features, and Display The Xperia X Compact (available in blue, black, and white) looks like a shrunken Xperia XZ, except it's clad in plastic rather than metal. Measuring 5.1 by 2.6 by 0.4 inches (HWD) and weighing 4.8 ounces, the X Compact is significantly smaller than the XZ (5.7 by 2.8 by 0.3 inches, 5.7 ounces), the X (5.6 by 2.7 by 0.3 inches, 5.4 ounces), and the Samsung Galaxy S7 (5.6 by 2.7 by 0.3 inches, 5.4 ounces). It's closest in size to the Apple iPhone SE (4.9 by 2.3 by 0.3 inches, 4 ounces). One-handed use is easy, as the phone truly fits in the palm of your hand.. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. The Compact has the same button and port placement as other phones in the Xperia X series. The power, volume, and camera shutter buttons are all located on the right side. The top edge has a 3.5mm audio jack, while the bottom features a USB-C charging port, a departure from the micro USB port on the Z5 Compact. The left is home to a combined SIM/microSD card slot that that worked fine with a 256GB Samsung Evo+ card. Unlike the Xperia XZ, the X Compact is not waterproof, so you don't want to get it wet. There's no fingerprint sensor, which is a feature that is quickly becoming common in this price range.. The Compact's 4.6-inch, 1,280-by-720-pixel display is lower resolution than the 1080p panel on the Xperia X. Working out to 319 pixels per inch (ppi), it's also not as sharp as the Quad HD ZTE Axon 7 (538ppi). That said, it's still a nice screen, with bright colors and great viewing angles. I had no problem seeing the phone under direct sunlight.. Network Performance and Connectivity The X Compact is unlocked, and supports LTE bands 1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/17/19/20/26/28/38/39/40/41. It'll work on GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile, but not CDMA carriers like Verizon or Sprint. I tested the phone in midtown Manhattan on T-Mobile and saw strong network performance, recording a high 25Mbps download. The phone also supports dual-band Wi-Fi, as well as NFC, allowing you to use Android Pay.. There's some muddiness in transmissions on the receiving end, but it doesn't impact overall clarity. Noise cancellation blots out almost all background noise, and earpiece volume is loud enough to hear in a noisy environment.. But benchmarks are only a part of the story. With 3GB of RAM, the X Compact handles multitasking easily. I didn't encounter any instances of sluggishness, even with a dozen apps open. The 720p display also helps with high-end games; I was able to play GTA: San Andreas and Asphalt 8: Airborne without a hint of slowdown.. Battery life is good, though not spectacular for the screen size. The phone clocked 5 hours and 49 minutes when we set screen brightness to maximum and streamed full-screen video over LTE. That's over an hour more than the Xperia X (4 hours, 58 minutes), and nearly the same as the iPhone SE (6 hours). But it's no match for the Galaxy S7, which manages 9 hours despite having a higher-resolution display.. See How We Test Cell Phones. That said, Sony includes a Stamina mode, which tamps down screen brightness and background processes to increase battery life. There's also Qnovo battery management, which keeps track of battery health and temperature to make the phone last longer. I didn't really notice a tangible improvement in day-to-day use, but it seems like Qnovo is intended for longer-term payoff. The X Compact supports Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 , though the phone only comes with a standard power adapter.. The X Compact has a 23-megapixel rear camera with laser autofocus to improve the speed and accuracy of low-light shots, an RGB color sensor to improve color reproduction, and Predictive Hybrid Autofocus with five-axis image stabilization to improve video recording, especially of moving objects. Accordingly, the phone takes crisp and accurate shots. It focuses fast, video is steady, and it does well tracking moving objects with little blur or distortion. Thanks to the RGB sensor, the pink tinge we've noted in our studio test shots of many previous Sony phones is gone.. The camera app has manual controls, letting you adjust settings like focus, ISO sensitivity (up to ISO 12800), and white balance. One thing you won't find, however, is 4K video recording; the X Compact is only capable of capturing 1080p video at 30fps.. The front camera uses a 5-megapixel sensor that takes clear and detailed shots in most settings.. Software The phone ships with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow and should get an update to Android 7.0 Nougat at some point in the future. While that's certainly a plus, Sony's software customizations are pretty intense. The biggest changes are to the lock screen, which is replaced with a custom clock widget, and the app drawer, which has an integrated search function and recommended apps when you swipe left. There are also alterations to the settings menu, the aforementioned battery features, and a Smart Cleaner that automatically optimizes storage and memory.. Amazon Shopping, AVG Protection, PlayStation, Sketch, Spotify, Sticker Creator, SwiftKey, What's New, and Xperia Lounge all come preloaded, and cannot be uninstalled. Out of 32GB of internal storage, you're left with a disappointing 19.02GB. You can add a microSD card, but Android's Adoptable Storage feature is disabled.. Conclusions The Sony Xperia X Compact is a capable midrange phone with a good camera, but at $500, it's priced higher than most of its competition, including our Editors' Choice for compact phones, the Apple iPhone SE. For $100 less the SE gets you a more powerful processor, a fingerprint scanner, and Apple's superior app ecosystem. If Apple is out the question, the $400 ZTE Axon 7 also gets you a faster processor and a fingerprint sensor, as well as a much sharper display. But it's significantly larger than the X Compact, and not ideal for one-handed use. That makes the X Compact one of the best compact Android phones you can buy, though you'll get a lot more bang for your buck by going larger.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. The Best Portable Chargers and Power Banks of 2018. It seems like everyone from hackers to governments is after your personal .... The Best Password Managers of 2018. Creating one strong password that you can remember is hard enough; doing .... The Best Website Builders of 2018. It doesn't have to be an ordeal to set up a website .... About About PCMagazine Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise AdChoices. Connect Ziff Davis ExtremeTech IGN AskMen. Social Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linkedin. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Sony Xperia XZ vs Xperia X Compact: What’s the difference?. Sony Xperia XZ vs Xperia X Compact: The similarities. Sony Xperia XZ vs Xperia X Compact: Display. Sony Xperia XZ vs Xperia X Compact: Design. Sony Xperia XZ vs Xperia X Compact: Processor. Sony Xperia XZ vs Xperia X Compact: Camera. Sony Xperia XZ vs Xperia X Compact: Battery. Sony Xperia XZ vs Xperia X Compact: Price. Sony Xperia XZ vs Xperia X Compact: Release date. Sony has launched two new smartphones at IFA 2016 : the Sony Xperia XZ and the Sony Xperia X Compact. Earlier this year, in the throes of Mobile World Congress ecstasy, Sony launched an entirely new range of smartphones: the Xperia X series. That saw the launch of three different phones: the Xperia X , Xperia XA , and Xperia X Performance. Now there are another two phones, and heads in the office are starting to hurt. In any case, it’s good news for die-hard Sony phones, people who subscribe to rampant and financially unforgiving phone upgrade schedules, and anyone still using a Sony Xperia Z3 .. If you’re stuck between the Sony Xperia XZ and the Sony Xperia X Compact, here’s what you need to know.. The unfortunate thing about writing this article is that the phones share very few features, which means I’ve plenty of explaining to do. But seriously, this is an important point. Back in the halcyon days of the Xperia Z3, Sony’s side-by-side launch of the Xperia Z3 Compact saw the phones sharing all specs save for screen diameter. The result? The Compact was a hit with fans who wanted a smaller phone, but didn’t want to compromise on hardware.. That’s all out the window now, though. Here are the specs that the phones share. If the ‘Compact’ branding didn’t clue you in, here’s the skinny of it: the Xperia X Compact is smaller than the Xperia XZ.. The Sony Xperia XZ features a 5.2-inch display with a Full HD resolution – that’s 1,920 x 1,080 pixels and a 423ppi pixel density.. The Sony Xperia X Compact, meanwhile, makes use of a 4.6-inch display with a HD resolution – that’s 1,280 x 720 pixels and a far lower 319ppi pixel density.. Speaking to our Mobiles Editor Max Parker, I learned that his main takeaway is that the Sony Xperia X Compact is an “ugly phone”, and less attractive than the Sony Xperia XZ. Here’s an excerpt from his hands-on review:. “ I can’t remember the last time I picked up a phone and genuinely thought it was a dummy version of the real thing. The slimy, shiny plastic body feels like a sub-£150 laptop you’d get from Tesco, not from a brand with the design pedigree of Sony.”. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Unfortunately, the Sony Xperia XZ doesn’t sound too beloved by Max either. Here’s are two excerpts from the phone’s hands-on review:. “It’s big, chunky, and doesn’t have a particularly attractive design – an area in which Sony usually impresses.”. “I’d make a guess and say it’s the biggest device with a 5.2-inch display on the market. It dwarfs the Samsung Galaxy S7 and is more on-par with the fantastic Samsung Galaxy Note 7. Most of this size comes from a hefty bezel, which gives the phone a large chin and head.”. Any other important bits? Well the Xperia XZ comes in ‘Forest Blue’, ‘Mineral Black’, and ‘Platinum’ colour options, while the Xperia X is available in ‘Mist Blue’, ‘Universe Black’, and ‘White’ – did the naming boffins give up here?. Oh, and the Sony Xperia XZ is rated IP68 for waterproofing and dustproofing, although Sony is shying away from the waterproof branding, and instead dubbing it ‘water-resistant’. The Sony Xperia X Compact is not IP68-certified, so please don’t drop it down the loo. In fact, best not to do that with the Xperia XZ either…. Aside from the screen, the processor is probably the next most useful metric by which these two phones can be measured and compared.. The Sony Xperia XZ uses Qualcomm’s latest and greatest system-on-a-chip, the mighty Snapdragon 820 processor. It’s a beefy chip with workhorse Adreno 530 graphics and a superfast Snapdragon X12 modem that’s good for download speeds of up to 600Mbps (pending your cellular connection, of course). Qualcomm has a newer Snapdragon 821 chip, but it’s not out on any phones yet, which means the Sony Xperia XZ has the potential to rank alongside flagships like the Samsung Galaxy S7 in terms of processing heft.. The Sony Xperia X Compact, meanwhile, uses the Snapdragon 650 chip. This is actually the Snapdragon 618, announced back in February 2015 and since renamed. It’s a hexa-core chip with less powerful Adreno 510 graphics and a Snapdragon X8 modem – that’s good for a theoretical maximum 300Mbps downlink.. Overall, the Sony Xperia XZ is likely to be significantly more powerful than its dinky sibling.. Related: When is Black Friday?. There’s also an unfortunate disparity in camera credentials when comparing the two phones.. The Sony Xperia XZ’s primary camera features a large 23-megapixel IMX 300 image sensor, which is assisted by two further image sensors. The aperture is wide at f/2.0, but it won’t put the hurt to the Samsung Galaxy S7’s even wider aperture. Another advantage of the Xperia XZ camera is 5-axis stabilisation for reducing blur – it’s the first phone to feature this tech. Other perks include 4K recording and a large 13-megapixel selfie camera.. By contrast, the Sony Xperia X Camera lacks 4K recording, and features a smaller 5-megapixel selfie camera. The good news is that the 23-megapixel primary camera is retained, although you’ll still miss out on the triple-imaging sensor and the laser-assisted autofocus.. Unsurprisingly, the smaller Sony Xperia X Compact ships with a smaller battery than its bigger brother. The Sony Xperia XZ features a 2,900mAh cell, while the Xperia X Compact uses a 2,700mAh cell.. It’s impossible to say which will translate into better battery life at this stage. That’s because battery life is affected by so many factors, including operating system efficiency, processor efficiency, and the drain cause by varying screen resolutions.. Hold tight for the full review, folks.. We don’t know what the pricing is yet, but we know that the Sony Xperia XZ will be more expensive. The Xperia XZ is Sony’s flagship for the year, which means it’s going to cost a fair whack more than any other Sony phone on the market right now.. Considering the Sony Xperia X Compact’s comparatively dumbed-down specs, we’d expect to see at least £100 sliced off the price of the Xperia XZ, and hopefully even more.. The Sony Xperia XZ release date will be during the week beginning October 3, 2016. By contrast, the Sony Xperia X Compact release date is earlier, falling in the week commencing September 5, 2016 .. Overall, it’s clear that the Sony Xperia XZ is the far superior phone, in a way unlike previous flagship-to-compact Sony pairings. The significant performance enhancements will make the Sony Xperia X Compact a tough sell, unless the price is a fair whack lower than the flagship handset.. We’re not sure why Sony has opted to pare down the Sony Xperia X Compact so much, especially since the company already offers a healthy range of mid-range M-series devices. That said, Sony Mobile has been going through tough times financially thanks to its largely unimpressive offerings in recent years, so it’s both unsurprising and unfortunate that the company has yet to develop a coherent mobile strategy.. We can’t recommend a purchase until we’ve completed our full reviews and have all the pricing details, but at this stage, neither device looks like handset-of-the-year material.. What do you think of Sony’s new Xperia X smartphones? Let us know in the comments.. Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. 
Sony Xperia X Compact vs Xperia X: What’s the difference?. Video: Xperia X Compact vs Xperia X. Sony Xperia X Compact vs Xperia X: Specs. Sony Xperia X Compact vs Xperia X: Design. Sony Xperia X Compact vs Xperia X: Screen and media. Sony Xperia X Compact vs Xperia X: Performance and battery life. Sony Xperia X Compact vs Xperia X: Cameras. Video: Xperia XZ vs Xperia X hands-on review. Sony’s Xperia X Compact smartphone has just launched, providing most of the best bits of the Xperia X in a more portable, mini form. But what’s the difference between the Xperia X Compact and the full-sized Xperia X mobile, and which is best for you?. As well as revealing the shiny new Xperia XZ flagship phone , Sony used the IFA 2016 tech expo to launch the Xperia X Compact. This mini 4.6-inch mobile is a shrunken version of the Sony Xperia X , which hit the UK just a couple of months ago. But as well as losing a couple of inches, what else has changed?. Here’s our Sony Xperia X Compact vs Xperia X comparison review, to help you decide which Sony phone is best for you – big or small.. No prizes for guessing that the Xperia X Compact is a smaller version of Sony’s Xperia X. This 4.6-inch mobile is one of the smallest handsets of 2016 so far, and while the original Xperia X wasn’t exactly much of a handful at 5-inches, the Xperia X Compact is definitely more comfortable to wield one-handed.. As a bonus it’s also easier to slip inside a dinky handbag or a tight pair of jeans. That said, the Xperia X Compact is a bit of a chunky monkey, with a thicker frame than the Xperia X.. And we’re definitely bigger fans of the original handset’s metallic design. The Xperia X feels like a premium phone, with sharp, attractive angles and a pleasingly rugged finish. In comparison, the Xperia X Compact has a ‘ceramic-inspired’ design that feels a little toy-like, not helped by the super-light frame.. Still, those reduced dimensions and the subtle curves give the new Compact a definite advantage over the plethora of 5.5-inch phones that are hitting UK stores of late. If you’re craving something a bit smaller, this could well be your Huckleberry.. Neither phone is water resistant, but they do both boast a fingerprint sensor, built into the edge-mounted power button. In both cases the sensor is accurate and responsive, proving an effective way of keeping your phone secure.. The Xperia X’s 5-inch IPS display has been shrunk to a 4.6-inch panel, which won’t suit anyone who wants to watch a lot of video on the go. Movies and shows are still watchable on the Xperia X Compact, but media fans will be better suited by the larger handset.. Resolution drops from Full HD (1920×1080) to standard HD (1280×720) for the Compact too, but the reduced screen size means that images are still perfectly crisp. You once again have Sony’s X-Reality software to artificially sharpen videos and photos, while the Super Vivid Mode can boost colour vibrancy and make images really pop from the screen.. Both phones also pack a microSD memory card, so you can expand the on-board storage and carry around plenty of media.. Sony managed to pack the same Snapdragon 650 processor into the Xperia X Compact as well as its bigger brother, along with 3GB of RAM. That means there’s no dip in performance for the mini mobile – at least, we haven’t noticed any difference in our time spent with the Compact so far.. Both phones should capably run the latest games, load up apps in an instant and show only the very occasional stutter during everyday use. It’s just a shame the Small Apps feature has been axed on each of these Xperias, so you can’t run two apps side-by-side.. As for battery life, the Xperia X usually gives us around 24 hours of use from a single charge. We haven’t had a chance to fully test the Xperia X Compact, but the fact that it packs in a similar-sized battery means we should hopefully get at least a day of life and hopefully closer to 36 hours. Especially as the Compact has a smaller screen to power.. Sony has also added Knovo’s smart new battery charging tech to the X Compact, which helps to prevent the cell from overcharging. This can shut off the juice when the phone is left plugged in overnight, which helps to keep the battery at peak state and prevent a dip in performance over time.. Finally, the X Compact uses Type-C USB, which is fully reversible and offers faster data transfer speeds compared with the Xperia X’s old-school micro USB port.. When it comes to the camera tech, both the Xperia X and the X Compact sport a 23-megapixel rear shooter. However, the X Compact actually adds in some cool new features that are missing from the original Xperia X.. For instance, there’s a new laser-guided autofocus which should help to capture sharper detail in low light conditions, keeping your subject in focus as you take your shot. Sony has also added its smart new 5-axis image stabilisation, which cuts down the damage done by shaky hands and general motion while snapping photos or recording video.. The new Compact phone sadly can’t shoot 4K video, something that was also missing from the full-sized Xperia X.. The X Compact takes a hit when it comes to the selfie camera, however. The Xperia X’s excellent 13-megapixel snapper takes brilliant photos, producing sharp, detailed results and capturing realistic skin tones even when the lights go down. By comparison, the Xperia X Compact’s 5-megapixel camera is a bit more basic.. You can grab the Sony Xperia X right now from O2 , from just £32 per month.. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact vs X Compact: A serious upgrade, in every respect. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact in a nutshell: Specs, UK price and release date. Sony Xperia X1 in a nutshell: Specs, UK price and release date. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact vs X Compact: A serious upgrade, in every respect. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact in a nutshell: Specs, UK price and release date. Sony Xperia X1 in a nutshell: Specs, UK price and release date. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. Mobile Phones · Features Best budget camera phones: The greatest mobile snappers for £299 and under. Broadband & TV · Features How do I stream Sky Go to a TV, to watch Sky shows or movies on a big screen?. Mobile Phones · Features Neko Atsume rare cats guide: How to get Cream-san, Bengal Jack and more. Mobile Phones · Features What is iOS and what does iOS stand for?. Broadband & TV · Features How can I watch Amazon Prime Video on my TV?. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. 
