GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (3CA) Cat13 600/150 Mbps. 163 x 80 x 9.5 mm (6.42 x 3.15 x 0.37 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 6.0 inches, 99.2 cm 2 (~76.1% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~367 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 23 MP (f/2.0, 24mm, 1/2.3"), phase detection autofocus, LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama. 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30fps, stereo sound rec., HDR, check quality. Dual: 16 MP (f/2.0, 23mm, 1/2.6", OIS, AF) + 8 MP (f/2.4, 1/4"). - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. 2.0, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector; USB Host. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, IM, Push Email. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 3.0). Basemark OS II: 1677 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 1548 Basemark X: 14328. Contrast ratio: 1562:1 (nominal), 3.445 (sunlight). Voice 68dB / Noise 73dB / Ring 80dB. Also known as Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Dual with dual-SIM card slots. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra - user opinions and reviews. You are comparing apples to oranges. Xiaomi is good in their own merit, but their phones are only targeted to those in China, to those in third world countries, or to those who are comfortable with buying online (which is not a lot). This phone is not much good, i love selfies and i do have Xa2 ultra and Zenfone 4 selfie pro, Zf4 selfie pro has more better front camera. Plus it has 12mp sony imx362 which the first front camera to have dual pixel and bigger f1.8 aperture. Let's see what you got! Xperia XA2 Ultra vs RN5p:. First: USB type-c vs micro USB. Second: dedicated SD card slot vs uses sim 2 slot. I guess 3.5K mAh in Sony's smartphone= 6K mAh in xi mi's phones. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Sony Xperia XZ Premium Samsung Galaxy A8+ (2018) Sony Xperia XA1 Plus Sony Xperia XZ1. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia XA. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (40). High screen-to-body ratio (76.07 %). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra comes with a 6-inch full HD (1080p) display and a Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor, paired with 4GB RAM and 64GB expandable storage. Also, the phone comes with a 23-megapixel main camera, dual selfie camera setup consisting of a 16-megapixel main unit and an 8-megapixel wide-angle one.. Sony Xperia XA2 & XA2 Ultra Review Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra manual Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra benchmarks. Dimensions: 6.42 x 3.15 x 0.37 inches (163 x 80 x 9.5 mm). Weight: 7.80 oz (221 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Display Physical size: 6.0 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 4), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (60 fps). Features: Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Features: Optical image stabilization, Dual-Camera, Wide Angle, Autofocus, Flash. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. Octa-core, 2200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 14 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 41.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 33.4 days (801 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 32.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 35.0 days (841 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Stand-by time (4G): 37.2 days (893 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 25, 28, 29, 66. Data: LTE-A Cat 12/13 (600/150 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Accelerometer, Compass, Step detector, Step counter. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. 802.11 b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 08 Jan 2018. Shopping information Accessories: USB Type-C cable for charging and user documentation. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra (H4213). UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra (H4233). Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 8, 28. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra (H3213). UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Deal: Buy a Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra, get water-resistant headphones for free. Sony Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and L2 price and availability revealed. Sony Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra vs. Xperia XA1 and XA1 Ultra - what's new?. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra and Xperia L2 now up for pre-order in the US. Sony releases official hands-on video to present the Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, Xperia L2. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra, XA2, and L2 hands-on review. Hands on with Sony's freshly redesigned Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and L2. Sony hasn’t made any dramatic changes to its Xperia smartphone lineup over the past few years — it has maintained a design ethos of chunky bezels around the screen, and no fingerprint sensor in the United States due to “business decisions.” Toward the end of 2017, Sony teased it may be cooking up a design refresh in 2018, and at CES we’re already seeing hints at what kind of design changes we can expect. It’s all starting with the midrange and budget Xperia XA2 Ultra, Xperia XA2, and Xperia L2 smartphones.. While the L2 and the XA2 are average Android budget smartphones, the XA2 Ultra has some interesting additions that may indeed make it a smartphone worth considering when it launches towards the end of January or early February. We dive into all three smartphones in our Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra, XA2, and L2 hands-on review.. The Xperia XA2 Ultra is a midrange phone, so don’t mistake it for the flagship. series that launched late last year. It feels large in the hand because of its 6-inch size, but unlike other 6-inch phones we’ve seen in 2017 — such as the Galaxy S8 Plus or the LG V30. — it doesn’t quite follow the “ bezel-less ” trend, with minimized edges around the screen.. To be fair, the bezels have shrunk if you compare the XA2 Ultra to the XZ1 Compact. There are almost no bezels on the sides of the screen, and Sony has shrunken the top and bottom edges. They’re still a tad chunky that what we’re now used to, but it doesn’t look as dated as Sony’s previous devices. The rest of the phone is quite familiar. The circular power button sits on the right edge, below the volume rocker. On the same edge, you’ll also find a dedicated camera button, which sits in a natural position when holding the phone in landscape mode for photos.. The biggest redesign is apparent on the phone’s rear. Below the circular single-lens camera sits a fingerprint sensor. That may not sound like a big deal, but Sony has traditionally placed its fingerprint sensors on the edge of the phone, below the power button. What’s more is this fingerprint sensor will finally be activated and ready to use on devices sold in the U.S. In the past, Sony hasn’t activated the fingerprint sensor on its U.S. phones due to “business decisions,” but it seems as though the company has finally changed its mind. It’s a good step in the right direction, but we’re sad it took Sony so long to make this a feature standard.. The second-most-visible change is on the front top bezel — you’ll find two selfie cameras. One is a 16-megapixel camera with optical image stabilization, and this is the main lens you’ll use to capture most selfies. The additional 8-megapixel camera is a 120-degree wide-angle lens that’s helpful for group photos, and when you want more of the background in the shot. Switching between both lenses is fast, and the phone seemed to capture images quickly without visible shutter lag. We haven’t played around with the cameras enough to make a verdict. on the quality of these photos, but we were satisfied with what we saw.. Accompanying these two front cameras is a slow-sync flash, and it’s the other cool trick the XA2 Ultra offers over the competition. Traditionally if you’re in a dark environment like a nightclub, and you try to take a selfie with the flash of the screen or a front-facing flash, only you would be illuminated and the background would be completely dark — not ideal if you want to show where you are. The XA2 Ultra’s slow-sync flash solves the problem by lighting up the selfie-taker and the background, so everything is relatively visible. We tried this out in an incredibly dark room, and the results were surprisingly good.. These front-facing cameras are really the highlight of the XA2 Ultra. Other than that, the phone is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor with 4GB of RAM, runs Android 8.0 Oreo, and has a Full HD display. We didn’t notice any issues with performance as we swiped through the home screens and opened multiple apps, but we’ll have to do more testing. The software experience was relatively close to stock Android, but we did notice there were a lot of preinstalled apps from Sony. How’s the display? It didn’t stand out. At 6 inches, the screen didn’t feel particularly sharp with a 1080-pixel resolution, but most people will be satisfied.. You get the option of 32 or 64GB of storage as well as a MicroSD card slot if you need more space; and there’s a large 3,580mAh battery that’s charged via the USB Type-C port. The XA2 Ultra has Bluetooth 5 on board, and it supports AptX HD , a high-quality audio protocol.. The rear camera is worth noting as well. It’s a large, 23-megapixel camera that has an impressive 12,800 ISO, meaning the phone may be able to capture good low-light photographs — though with quite a bit of noise. We’ll have to test this to see how the XA2 Ultra performs, but we didn’t notice much shutter lag, and the quality of the photos were solid.. We’re not sure yet how much the Xperia XA2 Ultra will cost, but it will be available in silver, black, blue, and gold toward the end of January. Price will really influence our opinion on this phone, and we’re hoping it will be $400 or under.. Take mostly everything we talked about the XA2 Ultra , shrink it down a few inches, and you have the Xperia XA2. It’s significantly smaller at 5.2-inches, and is comfortable in the hand. The fingerprint sensor on the rear is well-placed, and its design is the same angular look we’re familiar with the Xperia line. Both the XA2 and XA2 Ultra feature metal builds that feel quite high-end, and the left and right bezels are again incredibly slim.. It also runs Android 8.0 Oreo with the Snapdragon 630, but the XA2 only has 3GB of RAM instead of 4GB. The screen is the same 1080-pixel resolution, but it’s sharper than the XA2 Ultra because of the smaller screen size. The rear 23-megapixel camera is the same, but on the front you’ll only find one 120-degree, wide-angle, 8-megapixel camera. There’s only 32GB of storage available, but there is a MicroSD card slot, and the battery capacity is 3,300mAh.. We like the form factor of the XA2 over the Ultra, but we’d have loved to see the same slow-sync technology to help improve low-light selfies. This phone will be even more affordable than the Ultra, and it will be available around the same time toward the end of January. It’s coming in silver, black, blue, and pink.. The Xperia L2 is the runt of the litter, and that’s easily identifiable in the phone’s design and build quality. The body is made of a plastic-type material, and it felt quite cheap in the hand. The bezels around the 5.5-inch screen were fairly chunky, and the it easily looks dated. This is not an attractive phone.. It’s incredibly thick, and the back is slightly curved. It’s lacking the dedicated camera button, but everything else design-wise is fairly similar to the XA2 and XA2 Ultra.. The L2’s processor is likely from MediaTek, as Sony only said it’s a quad-core 1.5GHz chip, with 3GB of RAM, and it oddly runs Android 7.1.1 Nougat. It’s unclear when Sony will upgrade it to the 2017 Android 8.0 Oreo.. The rear camera is rated at a 13-megapixels, but you’ll find the same 120-degree, wide-angle, 8-megapixel front-facing camera. The 5.2-inch screen only has a 720-pixel resolution, and it was just average. The phone supports Bluetooth 4.2, has 32GB of storage with a MicroSD card slot, and there’s a 3,300mAh battery that should provide great battery life. No price has been announced yet, but it’s also expected to launch at the end of the month.. The L2 is the least impressive phone of the lot, but if the price is right, it could be an excellent budget phone that could give phones like the Moto E4 Plus a run for its money.. Sony’s latest Xperia smartphones boast changes, but not a major redesign. Moto X4: 2018’s new midrange challenger. XZ1 Compact: What a difference a year makes. HTC U11 Life: Can Sony rule the midrange market?. Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact hands-on review. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. Live-stream in real 4K virtual reality with the new Vuze+ prosumer camera. Big-screen Nokia 7 Plus featuring Android One announced at Mobile World…. Sony’s Xperia XZ2 smartphones have better Super Slow Motion than the…. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra With 23-Megapixel Cameras Launched at CES 2018: Specifications, Features. Jagmeet Singh , 08 January 2018. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Xperia XA2 (left) and XA2 Ultra (right). Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra will be available starting February. Sony Xperia XA2 features a 5.2-inch full-HD display. Sony Xperia XA2 has a 6-inch full-HD display. Sony has joined CES 2018 by bringing the Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra. The new Xperia series smartphones are specifically designed to cater the growing demand for self-portrait shots (aka selfies). Both the models will start hitting global markets from February 2018 to offer upgrades over the previously launched Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra. Both models also bear Sony's 23-megapixel Exmor RS sensors on the rear cameras. The smartphones feature single-SIM and dual-SIM variants, and we can expect Sony to launch the latter variants in India.. The Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra both sport a "loop surface" design that is composed of anodised aluminium sides and a diamond-cut finish on the top and bottom. Unlike some of the widely popular mid-range options, the new Xperia XA2 range doesn't have a full-screen, thin-bezel display. However, there is a rear-facing fingerprint sensor to match the trend. This is something odd if we compare the new models with any of the previous Sony smartphones that were debuted with a fingerprint sensor-embedded, side-located power button. Moreover, there are features such as SmartAmp, Clear Audio+, and Qualcomm's aptX HD audio.. Among the two, the Sony Xperia XA2 features a 5.2-inch full-HD (1920x1080 pixels) display that is protected with a Corning Gorilla Glass panel. The Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra, on the other hand, has a 6-inch full-HD display.. The other major change between the Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra is the front camera setup. The Xperia XA2 has a single, 8-megapixel, 1/4-inch Exmor R for mobile image sensor with 120-degree, f/2.4 wide-angle lens. Contrarily, the Xperia XA2 Ultra sports a dual selfie camera setup - comprises a 16-megapixel, 1/2.6-inch Exmor RS for mobile sensor with optical image stabilisation (OIS) equipped 88-degree, f/2.0 wide-angle lens and an 8-megapixel, Exmor R for mobile sensor with 120-degree, f/2.4 super wide-angle lens. The primary 16-megapixel camera sensor also supports sensitivity of ISO 6400 in addition to the default ISO 3200 on the secondary 8-megapixel camera sensor.. Both the new Android Oreo-based Sony Xperia smartphones are powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 SoC. The Xperia XA2 has 3GB of RAM, while the Xperia XA2 Ultra has 4GB of RAM. The smartphones have a 23-megapixel Exmor RS camera sensor that comes in 1/2.3-inch size and has 84-degree, f/2.0 wide-angle lens. The camera sensor has hybrid autofocus and supports 4K video recording in addition to the company's proprietary SteadyShot functionality.. Sony has provided 4G LTE in addition to connectivity options such as FM radio, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth v5.0, GPS/ A-GPS, NFC, and USB Type-C port on both the new smartphones. There is also 32GB internal storage that is expandable via microSD card (up to 256GB). The smartphones have dual-SIM and single-SIM versions. Further, the Xperia XA2 packs a 3300mAh battery, whereas the Xperia XA2 Ultra has a 3580mAh battery. Both support Qnovo Adaptive Charging and Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 technologies apart from Sony's proprietary Smart Stamina mode.. The Sony Xperia XA2 measures 142x70x9.7mm and weighs 171 grams, while the Xperia XA2 Ultra has 163x80x9.5mm dimensions and comes with 221 grams of weight. The Xperia XA2 has Silver, Blue, Black, and Pink colour options. On the other hand, the Xperia XA2 Ultra is available in Silver, Blue, Black, and Pink colour options.. "Our super mid-range product strategy started out as an exciting new idea based on bringing bold technologies to this section of the market in the most accessible way possible," said Hideyuki Furumi, EVP, Global Sales & Marketing, at Sony Mobile Communications, in a blog post. "Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra are no different, with leading front camera technology first seen in our flagship XZ line. We're targeting 2018 as a breakthrough year, and look forward to showcasing further innovations across the entire Xperia portfolio over the coming months.". Alongside the Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra, Sony has launched the Xperia L2 with a 120-degree, wide-angle selfie camera with 8-megapixel resolution. The Android Nougat-running Xperia L2 will go on sale starting late January 2018.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra, Xperia L2 Price, Availability Revealed. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra First Impressions. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra With 23-Megapixel Cameras Launched at CES 2018: Specifications, Features. More Sony mobiles Sony mobiles price in India. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra, Xperia L2 Price, Availability Revealed. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra First Impressions. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra With 23-Megapixel Cameras Launched at CES 2018: Specifications, Features. More Sony mobiles Sony mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , CES , CES 2018 , Mobiles , Sony , Sony Xperia XA2 , Sony Xperia XA2 specifications , Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra , Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra specifications. DJI Osmo Mobile 2, Ronin-S Camera Stabilisers Launched at CES 2018. Honor 7X, 8 Pro, 9i, 6X Now Available With Discounts in India; Honor 7X to Get New Red Colour Variant in India. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra With 23-Megapixel Cameras Launched at CES 2018: Specifications, Features. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia MWC 2018 Press Conference: How to Watch Live Stream. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. A big screen, mid-range smartphone with great battery life. A huge screen, great battery life and a price tag that's around half of that of flagship phones makes the Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra top buy for those after an affordable phablet.. Big screen great for video & gaming. Camera poor inside & in low light. Boxy design is tired and bulky. Price and availability Launch price: £379, $449.99 (around AU$670) Release date: February 2018 Design Boxy, bulky design feels a little tired Rear fingerprint scanner can be temperamental Display Large 6-inch, Full HD display is great for movies and games. The Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra offers up a big display and dual selfie camera to entice an audience keen on consuming entertainment on the go and snapping pics for social sharing.. If your budget can't stretch to the likes of the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 or Huawei Mate 10 Pro , then the Xperia XA2 Ultra may very well be the phone you need.. It inherits Sony's now tiring design, but the edge-to-edge display, which we first saw on the original Sony Xperia XA , attempts to keep the look up to date with the current vogue for bezel-free smartphones – although the effort is undermined somewhat by the chunky bezels at the top and bottom of the screen.. Arriving alongside the easier to hold Xperia XA2 , the larger XA2 Ultra shares pretty much the same feature set aside from its larger screen, dual front cameras, bigger battery and expansive body size.. Weight : 221g Dimensions : 163 x 80 x 9.5mm OS : Android 8 Screen size : 6 inches Resolution : 1080 x 1920 CPU : Snapdragon 630 RAM : 4GB Storage : 32GB Battery : 3,580mAh Rear camera : 23MP Front camera : 16MP + 8MP. The Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra price is £379, $449.99 (around AU$670) SIM-free at launch, pitching it below the likes of the OnePlus 5T and Honor 9 , which is fair considering that its spec sheet isn't as strong at those of the two more flagship-focused devices.. It slides comfortably into the 'affordable' bracket though, considering its supersized display, and when it lands on contract (which should be soon) it won't carry hefty monthly fees.. The Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra went on sale in February, but for now it's not widely available, with Amazon the only major retailer with obvious stock of the handset. We expect more retailers to pick up the phone very soon though, so watch this space.. A big screen and a big battery - is that enough to make the XA2 Ultra a winner?. The Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra boasts a familiar Sony design, which isn't the most exciting out there, but it is at least functional.. There's a metal frame to the handset which makes it feel solid, but the rear is plastic, which reminds you that this isn't a premium device.. It measures 163 x 80 x 9.5mm and weighs 221g, which means it's sizable, and heavy in the hand. You'll need to employ both hands if you want to do some serious typing, as it can get a little unwieldy in just one palm.. The finish also doesn't offer a huge amount of grip, and considering the size and weight of the phone there is a drop risk to factor-in here, especially if you have smaller hands.. The fingerprint scanner on the rear is relatively easy to hit, although we sometimes found that we'd hit it with a lower part of our a finger, rather than the tip, and we'd have to have another go to properly locate the scanner.. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra hands on gallery. We also found the scanner to be overly sensitive at times, thinking our finger was touching it when our hands were nowhere near it. It was just sat in our pocket. This led to reading errors that cause the phone to vibrate, making us think we'd received a notification – alas, we're not that popular.. Sony has shifted the scanner to the rear from its more common (on Sony phones) side-mounted location, and claims the new location makes it easier for everyone (both left- and right-handed users) to hit. However the old location was arguably easier to locate, and didn't result in unwanted in-pocket scans.. There's a headphone jack on the top, which will please cord-preferring audiophiles, while on the base you'll find a USB-C port alongside a single, downwards-firing speaker.. The power/lock key is centrally located on the right-hand side of the phone, and it’s easy enough to locate, with the volume rocker just above it.. We found that during right-handed use the volume key was a stretch for our thumb, which meant that increasing the volume required us to shuffle the handset a little in our palm. We'd have preferred the volume key to be a little lower down, on the left side of the device.. There's no doubting that the Xperia XA2 Ultra is a Sony smartphone, with the firm's DNA coursing through its veins.. The angular rectangle still has its fans, but it's quickly becoming less and less relevant as manufacturers look to squeeze bezels, slice off millimeters in thickness and attempt to provide more futuristic-looking devices.. The design isn't anything new, but its solid and functional. One of the big talking points on the Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra is its screen, which measures six inches and packs in a Full HD 1080p resolution.. There isn't a huge choice of smartphones with screens of this size at this price point, which allows the Xperia XA2 Ultra to carve out a nice little niche for itself.. If you're looking for an affordable Netflix/gaming device the XA2 Ultra is a strong contender. The LCD IPS display doesn’t quite have the color punch of rival AMOLED displays, but it's still crisp and clear, providing a good canvas for video content.. We watched many hours of Netflix during our time with the handset, and can confirm that the screen is well up to the task.. The 6-inch, LCD IPS display is bright and clear. More discerning viewers may notice a slight blue tint to the display, but you can adjust the color temperature of the screen in the settings to counter this – although you may witness a perceived loss of brightness if you opt to tinker.. While the sizable bezels above and below the display aren't exactly 'on-trend' in the current smartphone market, they do provide a handy space to rest your thumbs when holding the phone in landscape orientation, ensuring that your digits aren't obscuring any of the action.. Sony has managed to push the display right to the edges of the phone on the left and right of the handset, redeeming itself somewhat from the aforementioned bezels, and in turn this provides a better viewing experience in landscape orientation.. Next Page Battery life and camera. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. New leak suggests Sony H4233 will launch as the Xperia XA2 Ultra. by Matt Adams December 28, 2017. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. The Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra will carry the model number H4233. The device recently passed through regulatory bodies in Malaysia and Thailand. It could bring a new design language as Sony looks to pivot from its OmniBalance design.. According to a new leak, we’re getting confirmation of a new Sony device. Slashleaks and allegedly confirms the existence. of the Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra.. The Sony H4233 recently passed through both NBTC and SIRIM— official regulatory bodies in Thailand and Malaysia charged with overseeing telecommunication devices. On the application, Sony listed the model name “Xperia XA2 Ultra” with the H4233 model number.. Sony Xperia XA1 and XA1 Ultra hands-on!. While Sony fans enjoy the recent announcement of the company's brand new flagship phones, the Xperia XZ Premium and XZs, they also used Mobile World Congress 2017 to unveil its successors to the Xperia XA …. Every phone must pass through regulatory committees before they go on sale. We generally see devices hit the FCC (United States) or TENAA (China) a few weeks or months before a big launch. While they normally don’t provide a ton of information, they do confirm that the device exists. They also provide information like model numbers, supported Wi-Fi bands, and Bluetooth information.. We don’t have any specs yet, but we suspect that the Xperia XA2 Ultra will show off a new look for Sony. Its devices are well known for their OmniBalance design, but it’s getting dated. While companies like Samsung are lauded for their smartphone design, Sony just keeps pumping out the same old thing .. It seems like Sony got the message that it is time to try something different. It recently confirmed that it will bring a new design to the market and is rumored to show it off at Mobile World Congress 2018 .. Sony , Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra. Please enter a valid email address. Android Authority APP Get it on. Your source for all things Android!. © 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
Moto X4: 2018’s new midrange challenger. It might be tough at the top, but it’s even tougher in the middle. The midrange market is a highly competitive space, and handsets from above and below constantly challenge the midrange for the ultimate goal of being your favorite pocket filler.. Sony announced the follow-up to 2017’s XA1 Ultra, the Xperia XA2 Ultra, into that very market. But before it can challenge anything above or below its price range, it needs to prove its mettle against another great midrange device. The Moto X4 is a fine phone, and one of the front-runners in this category. We took a look at the two phones, side by side, to figure out which deserves your time and your money.. 163 x 80 x 9.5 mm (6.42 x 3.15 x 0.37 inches). 148.4 x 73.4 x 8 mm (5.84 x 2.89 x 0.31 inches). 1920 x 1080 pixels (367 ppi). 1920 x 1080 pixels (424 ppi). GSM / HSPA / LTE, 802.11 a/b/g/n Wi-Fi. GSM / HSPA / LTE, 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi. 23MP rear, dual 16MP & 8MP front. Dual 12MP & 8MP rear, 16MP front. 2160p up to 30 fps, 1080p up to 60 fps. Newegg , Amazon , Motorola. Specifications aren’t everything, but they are a good baseline for the general performance of a device. Based on these specs, you’re likely to see a similar level of day-to-day performance from these phones, since both come with the Snapdragon 630 processor. It’s a decent chip, but as we pointed out in our Moto X4 review , if you’re a heavy user who likes to play high-performance games, you might want to look elsewhere, as performance is simply not as smooth as it is on phones with cutting-edge processors. Anyone who is not an avid gamer (or is a more casual gamer) should find good, steady performance here, with an occasional sluggishness that reflects the lower price of the devices.. Both devices have space for a MicroSD card for additional storage, and they both come in 32GB and 64GB packages, though the 64GB Moto X4 only seems to be available in international markets, so if you’re looking for more storage, then the Xperia might be your bag. The Xperia gains more points with the addition 4GB of RAM — the Moto X4 only has 4GB options available in international markets. That said, RAM isn’t everything in smartphones , so the 3GB offered by the U.S. Moto X4 is going to be plenty for most people.. Moving on, we find even more similarities. Both devices are rocking the latest Bluetooth 5 with all the benefits that brings , both devices offer NFC for Google Pay , and both have the increasingly rare headphone jack.. With the specs being as close as they are, we have to award the win to the phone that creeps ahead, even ever so slightly. The extra RAM and additional extra onboard storage in the Xperia XA2 Ultra takes the day.. While there were rumors of a redesign for the Xperia range throughout 2017, we’re not really seeing that with the Xperia XA2 Ultra. The bezels have shrunk when compared to last year’s models, especially the Xperia XZ1 , but it’s still not at the point where we could call it “ bezel-less “. It’s clear the bezels around the sides of the phone and the top and bottom edges have reduced, but it’s still a phone that looks very 2016 — and it’s safe to say we’re a little disappointed. One nice addition is the fingerprint sensor being moved from the side of the phone to a more conventional area on the back. It’s also finally being included in the U.S. model, which must be a relief for anyone who had been put off by the bizarre omission in previous Sony smartphones.. With that said, we still prefer the Xperia Omnibalance style to the also dated looks of the Moto X4. The glass and metal design on the X4 is nice, but the extremely large camera bump means the phone rocks when placed on its back, and the glass used tends to attract fingerprints very quickly. It’s a problem solved with a good case , but it would still have been nice to not feel compelled to buy one. Still, it’s a decent design, and not ugly. It’s just fairly basic, and not as nice as some of the previous Moto X models.. There is a massive difference between the two phones in terms of their displays. While both devices have IPS LCD screens displaying a 1,920 x 1,080-pixel resolution, the Xperia XA2 Ultra has a much larger 6-inch screen, compared to the 5.2-inch display on the Moto X4. If you’re a fan of a larger screen, then the XA2 Ultra is the perfect midrange device for you — but fans of sharper displays may appreciate the larger pixels-per-inch measurement on the smaller Moto phone. It is also worth mentioning that the Xperia XA2 Ultra is significantly larger and heavier than the Moto X4, being a plus-sized version of the regular sized Xperia XA2, so keep the additional bulk and heft in mind when you’re considering the Xperia.. For pure physical durability, you’re going to be looking at the Xperia XA2 Ultra over the Moto X4. While the aluminum frame and polycarbonate back on the Xperia doesn’t exactly feel premium, it is more resistant to damage than the glass on the Moto X4. However, the Moto X4 turns the tables with a very impressive IP68-rating that should see the Moto phone survive trips down the toilet or into the bath; not something the Sony phone can boast since it has no water-resistance at all.. This is a tough category to call. The XA2 Ultra has the edge in looks and pure physical durability, whereas the Moto X4 has full IP68-rated water-resistance and a sharper display. It really comes down to which set of advantages you prefer and the disadvantages you’re willing to put up with.. The Moto X4 has a dual-sensor rear camera, pairing a 16-megapixel lens with an 8-megapixel lens. It’s a good combination, and as well as offering “ bokeh ” style selective-blur shots, it also offers a wide-angle mode like the LG G6 or V30. It takes good photos, but you need good lighting to get the best out of it; low lighting led to some disappointing shots in our review testing. The shutter lag in the camera software itself was also quite significant.. Around the front of the Moto X4 you’ll find a 16-megapixel selfie camera with an accompanying flash. It performs OK but the quality doesn’t seem good enough for such a high megapixel count. Still, it took good enough selfies during our tests and the flash was useful.. We haven’t had any significant time with the Xperia XA2 Ultra’s camera yet, but the raw numbers are encouraging. Sony has prided itself on cameras with exceptionally high megapixel counts and that continues here with the 23-megapixel monster mounted on the rear of the XA2 Ultra. In the small amount of time we had with it, we noticed very little shutter lag. and a very high ISO of 12,800 — which should mean the XA2 Ultra is very good at handling low light. We will delay proper judgment until we’ve really tested it.. In the front, you’ll find major changes on the Xperia phone. The XA2 Ultra is rocking two front-facing selfie sensors; paired 16-megapixel and 8-megapixel lenses. The 16-megapixel lens seems to do most of the work, but the 8-megapixel lens kicks in when you want to take a wide-angle shot for group selfies, or if you want more of the background in view. It’s well-implemented, with little lag when switching between the two lenses. Sony has also included a “slow-sync” flash on the front that helps to illuminate the background of shots, as well as the foreground. It’s especially handy in dim areas you want to show off, like nightclubs, and it worked well in our short amount of time with it.. The Moto X4 has a good camera, but it’s let down by poor low-light performance and too much shutter lag. We might not have had too much time with the XA2 Ultra’s camera yet, but we are confident it will be the better performer.. Battery life shouldn’t be too much of an issue with either of these devices thanks to their large battery capacities. The Moto X4 comes with a 3,000mAh battery that should easily last you the day, even with heavy use. With lighter use, it should last even longer than that. When recharge time came around, Motorola’s TurboPower fast-charging charged the Moto X4 from zero to 85 percent within 40 minutes. But it’s up against a monster. Sony has taken battery capacity seriously in this generation of phones. and has significantly increased the battery capacity of all of 2018’s models so far. The XA2 Ultra comes with a massive 3,580mAh battery that should easily see you through the day. That is bolstered by Sony’s. Smart Stamina battery technology to help your charge last for as long as possible, and QuickCharge 3.0 means that your battery refills quickly when plugged in. We have not had a chance to test the XA2 Ultra in the wild yet, but we’re anticipating the battery life to be one of its high points.. While we are fans of the Moto X4’s battery capacity, with its significantly bigger battery, the Xperia XA2 Ultra takes this round.. There are two versions of the Moto X4 that you can pick up: The regular version, and the Android One version. Android One is essentially a pared-down version of Android made for lower-end phones that comes without any additional manufacturer bloatware. and benefits from security patches directly from Google itself. However, unless you’re really into the idea of Project Fi, you might want to stick to the regular version of the Moto X4. It still runs close to stock Android. and comes with additional features like Amazon Alexa integration, and the Tempow Bluetooth Audio Profile that we really liked. Updates to Android 8.0 Oreo have been rolling out since December as well, so there is no need to worry about being left behind.. How’s the Android 8.0 Oreo experience on the Xperia XA2 Ultra? Again, we need longer with it to really give you the low down, but despite being close to stock Android, the model we saw did have a good few pre-installed apps from Sony. Your mileage on that will vary, and patience for bloat depends entirely on your previous experiences, but it’s certainly not ideal for us. The XA2 Ultra does come with AptX HD as well, combating Tempow on the Moto X4.. Android versus Android is always a tough task, and it’s made extra difficult when Android One is thrown into the mix. However, we prefer the implementation of Android on the Moto X4, and the option for Android One is good, if you want it. The Moto X4 takes this round.. The Moto X4 is currently available, and you can grab the Android One version from Google’s Project Fi for just $324 at the time of this writing. Alternatively, if you want the regular version of the Moto X4, then you can grab it from a number of retailers, including Newegg and Motorola for a reduced price of $350. Amazon Prime members can increase their savings by buying a version with lockscreen ads and “offers” for just $280 — but you have to make the choice of whether that’s worth it for you.. At the moment, we’re not sure of the price of the XA2 Ultra. We are hoping it’ll be around $400, putting it in a similar initial price bracket as the Moto X4. We’re also not sure about who will be offering the phone, but we expect it will at least be available from Sony and on Amazon.. Sony’s Xperia phones haven’t traditionally been supported well in the U.S.. We’re giving this to the Moto X4 for the better value, as well as the larger marketplace.. There might be a lot of elements of the XA2 Ultra that we’re unsure about, but based on what we’ve seen, there is also a lot to love. At the moment, the Xperia phone looks to be a fine contender in the midrange smartphone market, capable of trading blows with the very best. But that doesn’t mean that the Moto X4 is bad; quite the contrary — there are plenty of reasons to buy the Moto phone over the Xperia, not least value. The much smaller size is also a big selling point if you don’t fancy the massive XA2 Ultra.. Still, for our money, the Xperia XA2 Ultra is currently the stronger of these two handsets.. HTC U11 Life: Can Sony rule the midrange market?. Sony’s latest Xperia smartphones boast changes, but not a major redesign. XZ1 Compact: What a difference a year makes. Big-screen Nokia 7 Plus featuring Android One announced at Mobile World Congress. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. Infiniti is the latest automaker to go all-in on electrification. Big-screen Nokia 7 Plus featuring Android One announced at Mobile World…. MWC 2018: What to expect from Samsung, Sony, Motorola, and more. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
The Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra is another mid-ranger coming in 2018. While we know about the flagships that we will likely see in the first few months of 2018, there are a few other devices that are starting to crop up in rumors and leaks. The latest is the Sony H4233 which first made an appearance back in September on, but has now been confirmed as the Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra.. This comes after the device passed through regulatory bodies in both Thailand and Malaysia with both the model number and official moniker in-tact. Unfortunately, we don’t really know too much about what the Xperia XA2 Ultra will include, other than the likelihood of a 6-inch display with a resolution of 1920 x 1080.. If we are to go by the GFXBench results from a few months back, the XA2 Ultra will be powered by the Snapdragon 630 chipset along with 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage. One of Sony’s strong points is its cameras, and the XA2 Ultra is expected to include a 21MP rear-facing camera, along with a 15MP front-facing camera. Both of these are expected to be capable of shooting video in 4K resolution.. The Xperia XA2 Ultra will likely be just another mid-range device, but one that won’t really turn too many heads unless a new design sneaks onto the scene. Speaking of, Sony is expected to change things up in 2018 and finally move from the old fat bezels and release devices which include a bezel-less design. It’s just unlikely that the H4233 will fall into that category.. Let us know whether you have any experience with Sony’s handsets and if you’re looking forward to what’s in store for 2018.. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: leaked photo, specs, price, and availability. Specs leak for upcoming Sony Xperia XZ2 lineup. Sony's flagship to be unveiled at MWC 2018. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra, XA2, and L2 press photos, specs leaked. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra leaked photos show dual selfie cams, and more. android Best of Phandroid. stars Popular this Week launch. more_vert Google I/O 2018 registrations now open. close You can now register for Google I/O 2018 to the tune of over $1K. After making the announcement last month, Google I/O 2018 registration has officially opened. General Admission tickets are priced at $1,150, while Student Admission is priced at $375.. more_vert Android Go to be shown at MWC. close Google to introduce Android Go phones at MWC. We haven’t heard much about Android Go since the announcement. Several Google apps have received the “Go” treatment in that time. Google is finally ready to show off some Android Go devices at MWC next week.. more_vert Google says they're NOT bringing "Dark mode" to Android. close Google says they are definitely NOT bringing “Dark mode” to Android [NOOOOOOO!]. After news that Google was adding a Dark mode to a future Android release, Google has chimed and confirmed that this is NOT happening anytime soon. more_vert Google looking into abnormal Pixel 2 / 2 XL battery drain bug. close Google says they’re looking into Pixel 2 / 2 XL battery drain bug, here’s a possible quick fix. After users began reporting abnormal battery drain on the Pixel 2 and 2 XL, Google says they’re now looking into the issue.. close ARCore 1.0 arrives with new capabilities in Google Lens. gle today announced the public availability of ARCore 1.0. The new development kit allows developers to easily create rich AR experiences with the power of Google’s vision engine behind them.. more_vert Google Assistant to get 30 languages. close Google Assistant will have over 30 languages by year end. Google says the new languages will cover 95% of all Android users. But what’s even cooler than that is a new feature that will allow Assistant to detect languages.. more_vert Google app adds screenshot tools. close Google app adds built-in screenshot-editing tools. Now that it has been almost a year, Google is finally ready to make the feature available to everyone. Version 7.21 of the app adds editing tools for screenshots.. more_vert HTC lays off US team. close HTC lays off a large portion of its US team. HTC has laid off a majority of the US team. These are people that work exclusively in the US market. The only employees remaining in the US office are those that work for HTC Global.. more_vert Huawei P20 leaked photos show small bezels, no volume buttons. close Huawei P20 leaked photos show beautifully small bezels, volume buttons strangely absent. Huawei P20 leaked photos show us beautifully small bezels. Oddly missing is the rumored three camera setup and complete lack of a volume buttons.. more_vert Google Pay is officially rolling out today. close Farewell, Android Pay and Google Wallet: Google Pay is officially here. Google Pay is officially rolling out starting today and will soon replace Google Wallet and Android Pay.. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2018. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... by Corey Gaskin. Tags :. Hands-on - Hands-on + Android - Android + Sony - Sony + CES2018 - CES2018 +. Design and Display In terms of design, the Xperia XA2 Ultra looks a lot like Sony devices you may have seen in the past, with its round sides and flat top and bottom. It’s a very familiar, and even tired look, but it retains its class regardless. What's new, however, is the addition of a fingerprint scanner at the back of the phone, right where the user's index finger is expected to naturally rest. As the name implies, the Xperia XA2 Ultra carries a rather large display - one of 6 inches, to be exact. If extra-large phones are not your thing, Sony also has the 5.2-inch Xperia XA2 so you might want to check that one out as well. Performance Sony has chosen to go with Qualcomm's silicon for the Xperia XA2 Ultra. Inside the phone we have a Snapdragon 630, which appears to handle every-day tasks with ease, though heavy gaming could prove more challenging. The XA2 Ultra comes with 4GB of RAM as opposed to the smaller XA2 which has 3GB of the stuff. Camera and selfies The dual-camera arrangement at the front is a key selling factor for the Xperia XA2 Ultra. A 16MP cam with OIS is your primary selfie shooter, while a seconday 8MP camera with a 120-degree, wide-angle lens is available for those times when you need to fit more faces in the frame. On top of that, a front-facing flash could be triggered in low-light situations. There are no bokeh effects available though. As for the regular camera at the back, Sony has picked its 23MP sensor that promises strong low-light performance. The shooter supports 4K and 120fps slow-motion videos. The Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra is set to launch in February of 2018, along with the Xperia XA2. Pricing for both handsets is still unknown.. Announced in time for CES 2018, the Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra is one of the company's latest mid-range phones. It probably won't wow you with its design. You won't be blown by its specs sheet either. But if you're into selfies, the phone 's dual selfie camera setup might spark your curiousity.. Galaxy S9 vs iPhone X hands-on: A battle royale. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: Worthy of celebrity hands. This wristband allows you to hear phone calls through your fingers 08 Jan. Samsung CES 2018 press conference liveblog 08 Jan. The first phone with in-screen fingerprint reader will be unveiled on January 08 Jan. Expect the new 802.11ax Wi-Fi Standard to hit the market in 2019 08 Jan. These were the top selling used Android phones of 2017 08 Jan. Samsung CES 2018 press conference liveblog 08 Jan. Now reading: Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra hands-on. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra hands-on 08 Jan. This wristband allows you to hear phone calls through your fingers 08 Jan. Google Pay is official: Bundling Google's numerous payment services under 08 Jan. Amazon Prime Exclusive 32GB Moto X4 priced on sale at $280 08 Jan. Sennheiser reveals CX 6.0BT $100 wireless Bluetooth headphones with 6-hour 08 Jan. Apple Watch, heat my lasagna! Whirlpool announces first iOS app to control 08 Jan. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Compare. Sony Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and L2 price and availability revealed. Sony Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra vs. Xperia XA1 and XA1 Ultra - what's new?. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra and Xperia L2 now up for pre-order in the US. Sony releases official hands-on video to present the Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, Xperia L2. Specs comparison: Xperia XA2 Ultra vs ZenFone 4 vs Moto Z2 Play. Size comparison: Sony Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra vs other midrangers. Xperia XA2 Ultra Related News. (Posts: 188; Member since: 19 May 2017). posted on 08 Jan 2018, 13:31. (Posts: 1; Member since: 11 Jan 2018). posted on 11 Jan 2018, 12:34. Already impressive in my XA1 Ultra with 2700 mah. (Posts: 663; Member since: 16 Nov 2011). posted on 08 Jan 2018, 13:32. (Posts: 91; Member since: 14 Oct 2015). posted on 08 Jan 2018, 14:35. (Posts: 32; Member since: 16 Jan 2017). posted on 08 Jan 2018, 14:37. (Posts: 193; Member since: 12 May 2013). posted on 08 Jan 2018, 16:18. (Posts: 16; Member since: 05 Aug 2016). posted on 08 Jan 2018, 17:19. At least Sony decided to move from 2700mah to.above 3000. Sony wakes up half-way, expect a 5000mah Sony phone soon.. (Posts: 9; Member since: 15 Apr 2008). posted on 08 Jan 2018, 18:23. These pictures needed more lighting like the other ones posted by other writers.......... (Posts: 752; Member since: 06 Jan 2012). posted on 10 Jan 2018, 17:17. I hope it's water resistant if it is I'll buy this one if there is a 64gb version i thought i saw that somewhere. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra hands-on | PhoneArena reviews. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. Hands-on with Sony’s new mid-rangers: Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2. by Williams Pelegrin January 9, 2018. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra and Xperia L2 specs and features. Xperia XA2 Xperia XA2 Ultra Xperia L2. Display 5.2" Full HD 1080p 6" Full HD 1080p 5.5" HD 720p. Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 Quad-core 1.5 GHz. RAM 3 GB 4 GB 3 GB. Expandable up to 256 GB via microSD 32 GB. Expandable up to 256 GB via microSD 32 GB. Expandable up to 256 GB via microSD. Camera Rear: 23 MP Exmor RS with f/2.3 aperture, hybrid AP, and 5x zoom. Front: 8 MP sensor with 120-degree wide-angle lens. Front: Rear: 23 MP Exmor RS with f/2.3 aperture, hybrid AP, and 5x zoom. Front: 16 MP sensor with OIS and 8 MP with 120 wide-angle lens Rear: 13 MP sensor with 3x zoom. Front: 8 MP sensor with 120-degree wide-angle lens. Miscellaneous Android 8.0 Oreo, 3,300 mAh battery, Bluetooth 5.0, NFC, USB Type-C, 3.5 mm headphone jack Android 8.0 Oreo, 3,580 mAh battery, Bluetooth 5.0, NFC, USB Type-C, 3.5 mm headphone jack Android 7.1.1 Nougat, 3,300 mAh battery, Bluetooth 4.2, NFC, USB Type-C, 3.5 mm headphone jack. Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra and Xperia L2 availability details. Whether you’re a fan of Sony’s smartphone design or couldn’t care less, the near bezel-less aesthetic has become more commonplace. You won’t find that aesthetic on the Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2, though that doesn’t mean you should disregard them as options.. All three smartphones might not feature near bezel-less designs, but the Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra sport edge-to-edge displays that are curved at the sides, which helps the glass bleed into the sides for a more seamless feel in the hands. Being the lower-end option of the trio, the Xperia L2 sports more side bezel than its two siblings, while the display takes a step down to 720p.. The big story at CES 2018: Google vs Amazon (Video). Amazon's Alexa smart assistant was theÂ. quiet star of the show at last year's CES. The technology was packed into a variety of smart home products, ranging from speakers and radios through to lamps and vacuum â¦. The similarities between the Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra continue with their rear 23 MP cameras that can record videos in 4K and 120 fps slow-motion. Both phones also sport 8 MP front cameras capable of 120-degree wide-angle shots, though the Xperia XA2 Ultra has a second 16 MP selfie camera with optical image stabilization.. The Xperia L2’s front-camera is only a slight step down from those on the Xperia XA2 devices. It’s a 120-degree wide-angle 8 MP shooter. The rear camera takes a steeper step down, coming in at 13 MP with no optical image stabilization.. In the hand, the Xperia L2 offers a solid matte plastic finish. It’s not the most premium of materials, but it gets the job done. It reminds us of the Nokia Lumia 920 from many years ago, especially with its nicely curved back.. In contrast to the L2, the XA2 and XA2 Ultra have a much higher quality feel due to its metal construction and other design flourishes such as chamferred edges. Sony’s signature loop design makes a return and with a more rounded body these are some of the most comfortable feeling phones that Sony has ever produced.. Under the hood, the Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra are powered by Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 630, though the latter features slightly more RAM and two storage options. All three phones are equipped with microSD card slots for additional storage, and seeing how all three start with 32 GB of storage, you might want to use that slot.. Sony in 2018: time for a change. Sony treated us to a range of smartphones in 2017, led by its flagships, theÂ. Xperia XZ Premium and Xperia XZ1. The company's familiar biannual release cycle caused division amongst those looking for a definitive Sony â¦. The real crime, however, is with the software. The Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra run Android 8.0 Oreo out of the box, which is great. The Xperia L2, meanwhile, gets by with Android 7.1.1 Nougat, which is disappointing to say the least.. After all, Oreo was released to the public in late August of last year, and, at this point, it’s ridiculous to not have Oreo be available out of the box. We’re hopeful the Xperia L2 will get an update to Oreo sometime down the road, but we are not expecting it.. The Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra, and Xperia L2 will be available in late January, though Sony didn’t say how much the phones will cost. If their previous incarnations are any indicator, don’t expect them to come in at competitive prices.. However much they cost, the Xperia XA2 will come in silver, black, blue, and pink, while the Xperia XA2 Ultra will arrive in silver, black, light blue, and gold. Finally, the Xperia L2 will come in black, gold, and pink. Sony tells us that they will be available starting in late January.. Buy Now Sony Xperia L2 at Amazon. Sony CES 2018 Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia L2. CES 2018 , Sony , Sony Xperia L2 , Sony Xperia XA2 , Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra. Please enter a valid email address. Android Authority APP Get it on. Your source for all things Android!. Â© 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra hands-on – A seriously huge phone built for selfies. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra – Price and release. The Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra is a really, really , big phone. The 6-inch screen paired with a sizeable bezel either end of the display combine for a handset I struggled to comfortably hold during my short time with it.. Size aside, this phone also features three cameras, a Snapdragon 630 CPU, 4GB of RAM and Android 8.0 Oreo.. No word on price yet, but expect to see it hit shelves some time in February.. Sony’s phones have all been sporting a similar look for a while now, and the XA2 Ultra doesn’t change much. You’ve still got that big bezel straddling the display, and the sharp corners remain. A slightly rounded back does at least help handling somewhat, but you’ll be using two hands to hold this device most of the time anyway.. A fingerprint scanner sits on the rear – this will be enabled in the US, too – plus there’s a USB-C port on the bottom and headphone jack on the top. Sony fans will no doubt appreciate the multi-stage shutter button for quickly pulling up the camera, but I bemoan the lack of any sort of water-resistance rating.. So the real selling point of the Xperia XA2 Ultra is the huge display, which is a rarity at the likely affordable price. It’s a bright and colourful 1080p LCD panel that looks like it will be great for those use who really utilise their phones for media and gaming.. The other big feature that sets the XA2 Ultra apart from the crowded mid-range space is the triple camera array. On the rear of the phone is a 23-megapixel sensor that will shoot 4K video, but it’s really around the front that things get interesting. Sony has popped two cameras here: one is a 16-megapixel camera with optical image stabilisation and the other is an 8-megapixel camera with a wide 120-degree view.. Sony reps told me that the higher megapixel sensor is the one most users will default to, while the secondary camera is there if you want to cram more faces into your shots. It’s an interesting setup, but the quality of the selfies varied wildly when using the wider camera. There’s also an LED flash on the front, which did a surprisingly good job in dark conditions.. Keeping the phone ticking along is a Snapdragon 630 CPU, 4GB of RAM and 32GB of storage. This should provide enough grunt for the majority of day-to-day tasks. There’s also a 3850mAh battery packed inside the XA2, which is noticeably larger than the one featured in the outgoing model.. The Sony XA2 Ultra will be a niche device, but it’s one of the only options on the market if you want a big-screen Android phone without breaking the bank.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Products Smartphones Alcatel Android Apple Archos ASUS Bargain Deals BlackBerry Cat Doro Dual SIM Google Honor HTC Smartphones Huawei Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia Nuu Mobile OnePlus Panasonic Toughpad Planet Computers Razer Rugged Phones Samsung Sony Toughphone Waterproof Phones Wileyfox Windows Phone Zebra Refurbished Phones Motorola Nokia Samsung Gaming Microsoft Xbox Nintendo Sony Playstation Tablets Apple Archos Cat Kodak Lenovo Linx Motorola Samsung Accessories Acer Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Brodit CAT Doro General Google Honor HP HTC Huawei Jabra Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Memory Microsoft Motorola Motorola Solutions Nokia Panasonic Samsung Sony Wileyfox Zebra Lifestyle Android Auto & Apple CarPlay Dash Cams Drones Fitness Gadgets & Fun Headphones & Hands Free Mobile Gaming Smart Home Smart Watches Speakers WiFi Dongles Memory Smart Wearables Fitness Wristbands Smart Watches Clearance / Special Offers Cables and Chargers Cases Miscellaneous Items Screen Protectors Information Contact Us About Us Delivery Information Returns Terms and Conditions International Customers. Alcatel Android Apple Archos ASUS Bargain Deals BlackBerry Cat Doro Dual SIM Google Honor HTC Smartphones Huawei Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia Nuu Mobile OnePlus Panasonic Toughpad Planet Computers Razer Rugged Phones Samsung Sony Toughphone Waterproof Phones Wileyfox Windows Phone Zebra. Nokia 301 - Black - EE Locked - GRADE A. Motorola Moto G 4G - Black - EE Locked - GRADE A. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 - White - 4G - Unlocked - Grade A. Apple Archos Cat Kodak Lenovo Linx Motorola Samsung. The Latest Range of Smartphone, Mobile Technology & Mobile Phone Accessories. Acer Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Brodit CAT Doro General Google Honor HP HTC Huawei Jabra Kodak Land Rover Lenovo LG Memory Microsoft Motorola Motorola Solutions Nokia Panasonic Samsung Sony Wileyfox Zebra. Olixar Multi-Length Charge & Sync USB Type-C to Type-A Cables. Android Auto & Apple CarPlay Dash Cams Drones Fitness Gadgets & Fun Headphones & Hands Free Mobile Gaming Smart Home Smart Watches Speakers WiFi Dongles. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra (SIM Free / UK). SIM Free / Unlocked UK Stock. Reasons to buy the Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra. Rear 23MP Sony Exmor RS camera sensor. Dual 16MP &plus; 8MP front-facing Sony Exmor RS camera. 32 GB storage & micro SD support up to 256GB. Powerful Snapdragon 630 processor and 4GB RAM. 4G LTE / NFC / Android Pay / FM Radio. Quick Charge 3.0 certified with Qnovo adaptive charging. SIM Free Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra. Sony quick charger (3 pin UK). Data Cable (USB-A to USB Type-C). Do you have a question? Your Name: Your Email: Your Question: Security:. To ensure we do not get spammed by robots filling in this form, please would you type in the largest number from this list - 23, 30, 54, 68, 12. Be the first to write a review!. Friendly staff based in the UK. Active on socail media including Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram & Google. With over 20 years of trading behind us, we can boast a large customer base ranging from individual consumers through to large corporate and government organisations here in the UK and internationally.. Whether you are looking for a case, a cable or a number of smartphones for your staff, just some of the reasons to chosoe Clove are:. See what existing customers think of us. CLICK HERE to see our Trusted Shops rating or to find out more, view our About Us page.. If you have any questions then please call us on 44 (0)1202 552936 or email sales@clove.co.uk.. The competitor must be located in the UK. The item must be the same specification & colour. The item must be originally intended to be sold in the same sales region (UK). The competitor must have the product in stock. Full web address of other item:. We are committed to giving you the best prices possible so if you find an identical product elsewhere then fill out our form and let us know.. We will always try to match a competitors price but cannot guarantee that we will be able to.. To qualify for a price match:. Any item we price match will include delivery costs. For any further details please call us on +44(0)1202 552936. From £ 379.00 incVAT. WHY CHOOSE US. Most of us have become used to ultra-large screens on smartphones, but often they are very expensive. With Xperia XA2 Ultra from Sony, you can experience a Full HD 6-inch screen with an edge-to-edge design, without paying top-tier pricing.. Making the XA2 Ultra even more appealing is the incredible 23MP Exmor RS rear camera. This was Sony's flagship mobile camera just a couple of generations ago and is capable of producing incredible images.. You may have seen dual camera technology on a smartphone's rear array, but what about the front? With XA2 Ultra you can indulge in effects and wizardry for your selfies that have previously been the reserve of a phone's main camera.. Other features include Qualcomm certified Quick Charging, Qnovo adaptive charging with Sony Battery Care, and Sony's best-in-class audio processing.. Clove Technology only sells official UK specification SIM Free and factory unlocked smartphones for use on any UK / EU network.. This is a Single SIM device. This phone uses a nano-size SIM card.. For 4G / LTE support outside of the EU, please check the specifications and your local carrier.. UK stock of the Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra is available from Clove Technology Black, Silver and Blue. Internal memory is 32GB with 4GB of RAM.. Speed 2.3 GHz & 1.8 GHz (2x quad-core). Resolution 1080 x 1920 (~367 ppi). Frequencies 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. Frequencies 850 / 900 / (1700/2100 AWS) / 1900 / 2100 MHz. Frequencies LTE Bands 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100 AWS), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 20(800), 28(700). Speed LTE-A (3CA) Cat13 600/150 Mbps. Version 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac (2.4 / 5 GHz). Video Out Yes, wireless via Miracast / Google Home. Flash Phase detection autofocus and LED flash. Camera Lens 84° wide-angle f/2.0, 1/2.3" sensor. Other SteadyShot™, 4K video recording, 120fps slow-motion video recording, Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama. Type Dual Selfie camera with flash: 16MP OIS 8MP 120° super wide-angle. Formats MP3 / eAAC / WAV / Flac player. Formats Xvid / MP4 / H.265 player. Dimensions 163 x 80 x 9.5 mm (6.42 x 3.15 x 0.37 in). Weight 221 g (7.80 oz). Software Google Play, Google App Suite, Sony Apps: Music Album, Video, Movie Creator, AR effect, Xperia Lounge. Other Quick Charging (Qualcomm® Quick Charge™ 3.0), Qnovo Adaptive Charging, Smart STAMINA Mode. The following is a list of Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) about this product. Hopefully you will find the answer to your question, if not, use the contact form below and we shall answer it for you.. Yes - If you are located outside of the UK you may want to take a look at our list of FAQs for international customers on the following link: http://www.clove.co.uk/international-customers.aspx. Is this phone SIM FREE and Unlocked?. Yes, this phone is unlocked and can be used with networks around the world.. Do check the specifications to ensure compatibility in your region with your network provider. No SIM card or contract applies to this phone.. Unless the description of the product suggests otherwise (I.e. EX-DEMO) then this product is brand new and has not been used before.. No - There is only the manufacturer’s branding.. Does the phone have a Micro SD / memory card slot?. This phone supports Micro SDXC cards with up to 256GB of storage.. What SIM card does this phone use?. This phone uses a NANO SIM card. We are awaiting confirmation of the LTE Bands.. Please check with your local operator for LTE network provisions in your area.. Does this phone have a removable battery?. The battery is sealed and not user-replaceable.. Is this phone IP rated (water-resistant)?. Does this phone have a fingerprint sensor?. Does this phone support contactless payments?. To ensure we do not get spammed by robots filling in this form, please would you type in the largest number from this list - 23, 30, 54, 68, 12. Pama 2.5A USB Car Charger with Type-C Cable. Samsung 1.2m USB Type-A to Type-C Charge & Sync Cable. Olixar Multi-Length Charge & Sync USB Type-C to Type-A Cables. Just Wireless 3in1 Lightning, MicroUSB & USB Type-C Charge & Sync Cable. Pama 3A USB Type-C Car Charger. Pama Universal CD Mount Holder for Smartphones & Tablets. Olixar Universal Magnetic Windscreen & Dash Mount Holder. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Standing Book Case. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Precision Slim Shell. Skross Pro Light World - International Travel Adapter. Terrapin Micro USB 2A EU Charger (No Cable). MiPow PLAYBULB Smart Bluetooth LED Speaker Light. Concepter IBLAZR 2 Wireless LED Flash. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Curved Tempered Glass. Clove Technology Microfibre Cleaning Cloth - WHITE. Clove Technology Microfibre Cleaning Cloth - BLACK. Call us on +44 (0)1202 552936 | Email us at sales@clove.co.uk. © Copyright Design and Content Clove Technology. © Copyright Coding and Touch E-commerce platform from Online Retailing. This item has been added to your basket.. This item has been added to your compare list.. 
Parkland shooting victim Joaquin Oliver was buried in his Dwyane Wade jersey. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra, XA2, and L2 hands-on review Sony Xperia XZ Pro could be among first phones with the Snapdragon 845 chip Sony has had a big few months, but it doesn't seem to be slowing down. Rumors indicate it will launch the Sony Xperia XZ Pro at MWC 2018. Here's everything we know about the rumored device so far.. Xperia XA2 Ultra Xperia XA2 Xperia L2. Sony hasn’t made any dramatic changes to its Xperia smartphone lineup over the past few years — it has maintained a design ethos of chunky bezels around the screen, and no fingerprint sensor in the United States due to “business decisions.” Toward the end of 2017, Sony teased it may be cooking up a design refresh in 2018, and at CES we’re already seeing hints at what kind of design changes we can expect. It’s all starting with the midrange and budget Xperia XA2 Ultra, Xperia XA2, and Xperia L2 smartphones.. While the L2 and the XA2 are average Android budget smartphones, the XA2 Ultra has some interesting additions that may indeed make it a smartphone worth considering when it launches towards the end of January or early February. We dive into all three smartphones in our Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra, XA2, and L2 hands-on review.. The Xperia XA2 Ultra is a midrange phone, so don’t mistake it for the flagship. series that launched late last year. It feels large in the hand because of its 6-inch size, but unlike other 6-inch phones we’ve seen in 2017 — such as the Galaxy S8 Plus or the LG V30. — it doesn’t quite follow the “ bezel-less ” trend, with minimized edges around the screen.. To be fair, the bezels have shrunk if you compare the XA2 Ultra to the XZ1 Compact. There are almost no bezels on the sides of the screen, and Sony has shrunken the top and bottom edges. They’re still a tad chunky that what we’re now used to, but it doesn’t look as dated as Sony’s previous devices. The rest of the phone is quite familiar. The circular power button sits on the right edge, below the volume rocker. On the same edge, you’ll also find a dedicated camera button, which sits in a natural position when holding the phone in landscape mode for photos.. The biggest redesign is apparent on the phone’s rear. Below the circular single-lens camera sits a fingerprint sensor. That may not sound like a big deal, but Sony has traditionally placed its fingerprint sensors on the edge of the phone, below the power button. What’s more is this fingerprint sensor will finally be activated and ready to use on devices sold in the U.S. In the past, Sony hasn’t activated the fingerprint sensor on its U.S. phones due to “business decisions,” but it seems as though the company has finally changed its mind. It’s a good step in the right direction, but we’re sad it took Sony so long to make this a feature standard.. The second-most-visible change is on the front top bezel — you’ll find two selfie cameras. One is a 16-megapixel camera with optical image stabilization, and this is the main lens you’ll use to capture most selfies. The additional 8-megapixel camera is a 120-degree wide-angle lens that’s helpful for group photos, and when you want more of the background in the shot. Switching between both lenses is fast, and the phone seemed to capture images quickly without visible shutter lag. We haven’t played around with the cameras enough to make a verdict. on the quality of these photos, but we were satisfied with what we saw.. Accompanying these two front cameras is a slow-sync flash, and it’s the other cool trick the XA2 Ultra offers over the competition. Traditionally if you’re in a dark environment like a nightclub, and you try to take a selfie with the flash of the screen or a front-facing flash, only you would be illuminated and the background would be completely dark — not ideal if you want to show where you are. The XA2 Ultra’s slow-sync flash solves the problem by lighting up the selfie-taker and the background, so everything is relatively visible. We tried this out in an incredibly dark room, and the results were surprisingly good.. These front-facing cameras are really the highlight of the XA2 Ultra. Other than that, the phone is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor with 4GB of RAM, runs Android 8.0 Oreo, and has a Full HD display. We didn’t notice any issues with performance as we swiped through the home screens and opened multiple apps, but we’ll have to do more testing. The software experience was relatively close to stock Android, but we did notice there were a lot of preinstalled apps from Sony. How’s the display? It didn’t stand out. At 6 inches, the screen didn’t feel particularly sharp with a 1080-pixel resolution, but most people will be satisfied.. You get the option of 32 or 64GB of storage as well as a MicroSD card slot if you need more space; and there’s a large 3,580mAh battery that’s charged via the USB Type-C port. The XA2 Ultra has Bluetooth 5 on board, and it supports AptX HD , a high-quality audio protocol.. The rear camera is worth noting as well. It’s a large, 23-megapixel camera that has an impressive 12,800 ISO, meaning the phone may be able to capture good low-light photographs — though with quite a bit of noise. We’ll have to test this to see how the XA2 Ultra performs, but we didn’t notice much shutter lag, and the quality of the photos were solid.. We’re not sure yet how much the Xperia XA2 Ultra will cost, but it will be available in silver, black, blue, and gold toward the end of January. Price will really influence our opinion on this phone, and we’re hoping it will be $400 or under.. Take mostly everything we talked about the XA2 Ultra , shrink it down a few inches, and you have the Xperia XA2. It’s significantly smaller at 5.2-inches, and is comfortable in the hand. The fingerprint sensor on the rear is well-placed, and its design is the same angular look we’re familiar with the Xperia line. Both the XA2 and XA2 Ultra feature metal builds that feel quite high-end, and the left and right bezels are again incredibly slim.. It also runs Android 8.0 Oreo with the Snapdragon 630, but the XA2 only has 3GB of RAM instead of 4GB. The screen is the same 1080-pixel resolution, but it’s sharper than the XA2 Ultra because of the smaller screen size. The rear 23-megapixel camera is the same, but on the front you’ll only find one 120-degree, wide-angle, 8-megapixel camera. There’s only 32GB of storage available, but there is a MicroSD card slot, and the battery capacity is 3,300mAh.. We like the form factor of the XA2 over the Ultra, but we’d have loved to see the same slow-sync technology to help improve low-light selfies. This phone will be even more affordable than the Ultra, and it will be available around the same time toward the end of January. It’s coming in silver, black, blue, and pink.. The Xperia L2 is the runt of the litter, and that’s easily identifiable in the phone’s design and build quality. The body is made of a plastic-type material, and it felt quite cheap in the hand. The bezels around the 5.5-inch screen were fairly chunky, and the it easily looks dated. This is not an attractive phone.. It’s incredibly thick, and the back is slightly curved. It’s lacking the dedicated camera button, but everything else design-wise is fairly similar to the XA2 and XA2 Ultra.. The L2’s processor is likely from MediaTek, as Sony only said it’s a quad-core 1.5GHz chip, with 3GB of RAM, and it oddly runs Android 7.1.1 Nougat. It’s unclear when Sony will upgrade it to the 2017 Android 8.0 Oreo.. The rear camera is rated at a 13-megapixels, but you’ll find the same 120-degree, wide-angle, 8-megapixel front-facing camera. The 5.2-inch screen only has a 720-pixel resolution, and it was just average. The phone supports Bluetooth 4.2, has 32GB of storage with a MicroSD card slot, and there’s a 3,300mAh battery that should provide great battery life. No price has been announced yet, but it’s also expected to launch at the end of the month.. The L2 is the least impressive phone of the lot, but if the price is right, it could be an excellent budget phone that could give phones like the Moto E4 Plus a run for its money.. Sony’s latest Xperia smartphones boast changes, but not a major redesign. Sony Xperia XZ Premium, XZs, XA1 Ultra, XA1: Our first take. Boxing Indycar Horse Racing Cycling Rivals Odds Shop Help Yahoo Sites Home Mail Search News Finance Entertainment Lifestyle Sports Fantasy Sports Weather Tech Shopping Answers Flickr Tumblr Tools Help Account Info Careers About. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Overview Images Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Upcoming. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Announced | Launch Date in India: N/A |. 23MP Primary Camera, 16 MP+8 MP Dual Front Camera. 6.0 inches 1080 x 1920 pixels. Sony Xperia XA2 ULTRA is to be launched sooner in India. The device is getting excellent reviews due to superb features. Excitingly, you get the style cover stand SCSH10, quick charger UCH12W and mono bluetooth headset MBH22. The phone is equipped with powerful 23MP camera, borderless design and comes with perfect handfit. The durable corning gorilla glass, leaves the phone with a quality finish that offers uncompromised quality. The features like Smart Amplifier - caters rich sound quality, Clear Audio+ - enables clear and balanced sound and Clear Bass - provides with powerful bass without distortion. The Xperia XA2 also uses smart technology, to learn how to use your phone. The mobile’s actions allow to optimise the settings, and the tips give you handy hints to get more from phone. The smartphone is distinctively available in four different colors which are as Silver, Black, Blue and Gold. Let’s also see the other important features.. The comfy feelings arise, with perfect fitting. Similarly, the phone is designed as such to fit your hand. The 6” full HD 1080p display, with a borderless design that takes the screen right to the edge, providing brilliant fit for your hand. With the Image Enhance Technology, the display looks delightful.. Feel the acceleration matchable to infinity, while using XA2 Ultra. The mobile uses the qualcomm snapdragon 630 mobile platform, enabling smooth - textured and speedy performance. The 4GB RAM lets you play games, watch movies, or use any other apps conveniently with extra suavity. The default storage of 64GB eMMC expandable up to 256GB, captures or stores all valuable information on a larger scale.. Capture life’s beauty even more aesthetically. The 23MP rear camera comes with a ½.3” Exmor RS for mobile sensor and 4K video recording, giving you outstanding color and clarity while taking shots. The features like hybrid autofocus, quick launch and capture, 120fps slow motion video recording and many more, lets you to blindly rely. You can take photo in the low light up to ISO 12800. The ‘ Super Wide Selfie ‘ that fit lots of friends and more with a 120 degree super wide angle 8MP camera, is truly elegant. The other factors like steadyshot option, ¼” Exmor R for mobile image sensor and low light photo up to ISO 3200, makes the device versatile genius.. The mobile comes with a A-GNSS( GPS + GLONASS ), Wi Fi Miracast, bluetooth of 5.0 wireless technology. It features GSM GPRS/EDGE(2G), UMTS HSPA+(3G), LTE(4G) Cat13/Cat12, Google cast, NFC, and USB - Type c. A battery is built to last longer. The line ideally suits to the device, as it is powered with a 3580 mAh charge capacity. The Smart Stamina, Qnovo Adaptive Charging, Quick Charging, and Battery Care technologies all work to examine your battery’s performance. Hence, you can stay powered up for longer time.. The creaseless performance paves a way of no obstruction. The smartphone runs android OS, v8.0( oreo ). The oreo includes several changes to notifications, including notifications dots, and notification channels. Using this you can filter out some of the noise. Android oreo allows activities to launch in picture-in-picture(pip) mode.. The intelligent and smart fingerprint sensor ensures all photos, files, messages, and documents, accessible only after you touch. This is certainly the safest way to secure your privacy.. For hi tech gadget lovers, Sony Xperia pens down with the best price at INR 28,700/-( expected ).The price looks ideal for those, willing to possess features extravagantly.. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v8.0 (Oreo) Device type Phablet ANNOUNCED Status Announced Global Release Date February 2018 Indian Release Date N/A BODY Dimensions 163 x 80 x 9.5 mm Weight 221 g DISPLAY Screen size 6.0 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD (Corning Gorilla Glass) PROCESSOR CPU Octa Core 2.2 GHz GPU Adreno 508 Chipset Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 STORAGE Internal Storage 64 GB Storage RAM 4 GB RAM External Storage Up to 256 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, IM, Push Email Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 23 MP Camera with LED Flash Front Camera 16 MP + 8 MP Dual Selfie Camera Video Recording Yes Camera Features 4K Video recording, OIS MULTIMEDIA Audio Player AAC, AMR, eAAC+, FLAC, MIDI, MP3, OGG, WAV, WMA Video Player 3GPP, AVI, H.263, H.264, M4V, MKV, MPEG4 Games Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Non-removable Li-Ion 3580 mAh battery CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot Bluetooth v5.0 USB USB Type-C GPS Facility with A-GPS, GLONASS Browser HTML5 3G Speed HSPA, LTE NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 4G VoLTE OTHER FEATURES Sensors Fingerprint Sensor, NFC, Quick Charging. Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus (2018) (64GB - 6GB RAM). 6 GB 16MP. Honor View 10 (128GB - 6GB RAM). 6 GB 16MP. 6 GB 16MP. 6 GB 16MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;MCsxMDA3ODE0fHwxMDA2fHw0MjZ8fDEsMiwx&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Sony Xperia XZ Premium First Impressions. Latest Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra NEWS. Sony Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra and Xperia L2 prices revealed; fall in the mid-range and lower mid-range January 15, 2018. Sony recently unveiled three new Xperia smartphones at the CES 2018. The Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra are mid-range phones, whereas the Xperia L2 comes with entry-level specifications. The handsets are already up for pre-order in the US, with shipping. Sony Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra and L2 press renders leaked; no upgrades in design January 05, 2018. Other than the flagship Xperia XZ Premium 2, Sony is also working on a couple of mid-range smartphones; the Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra. The company is also expected to introduce a low-range smartphone, the Xperia L2. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra live image with dual selfie cameras surfaces online January 02, 2018. The upcoming mid-range Sony smartphone - the Xperia XA2 Ultra has hit the headlines, thanks to a leaked photo live image of the device. The image reveals several details and shows the design that is almost similar to that of the. Sony Xperia XA1 Plus (32GB - 4GB RAM). Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. Sony Xperia XA1 Plus (64GB - 4GB RAM). About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Sony Xperia L2, XA2, and XA2 Ultra press photos, specs leak ahead of CES. Sony is preparing a new line of mid-to-low range Android device for 2018 and like clockwork, @evleaks is here to spill the beans. Before CES can even kick off, Evan Blass has gone ahead and leaked press renders for the Sony Xperia L2, XA2, and XA2 Ultra, shiny new followups to previous year’s L, XA, and XA Ultra.. The phones sport Sony’s trademark look — including dangerously thick bezels — only with the the fingerprint sensor moving to the back of the devices (as opposed to having one built into the power button). It seems both the XA2 and XA2 Ultra will be transitioning over to the Snapdragon 630 SoC and will have 1080p full HD displays. The only difference there is in the size, with the XA2 coming in at 5.2-inches, while the XA2 Ultra features a larger 6-inch panel.. Inside, we’re looking at 32GB/3GB RAM for the XA2 and 64GB/4GB for the XA2 Ultra. Rear camera is getting upgraded from previous year’s models with a new 21MP shooter for both devices. The difference lies in the front facing camera, with the XA2 featuring a 7MP sensor, while the XA2 Ultra gets a dual 15MP camera setup that can shoot 4K video.. Sadly, the Xperia L2 is the far less exciting device of the bunch, with the entry-level device featuring 5.2-inch, 720p display and possibly launching with Android Nougat. While all these devices do look relatively uninspired, it’s possible that Sony’s higher-end flagships will dawn a look more suitable with 2017 flagships and feature smaller bezels. This year’s L and XA isn’t giving us much hope.. It’s possible Sony could be unveiling all (or at least some) of these devices as soon as CES 2018 next week, or they could save them for Mobile World Congress as they’ve done in previous years. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: leaked photo, specs, price, and availability. Specs leak for upcoming Sony Xperia XZ2 lineup. Sony's flagship to be unveiled at MWC 2018. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra leaked photos show dual selfie cams, and more. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra appears on regulatory approvals. android Best of Phandroid. stars Popular this Week launch. more_vert Google I/O 2018 registrations now open. close You can now register for Google I/O 2018 to the tune of over $1K. After making the announcement last month, Google I/O 2018 registration has officially opened. General Admission tickets are priced at $1,150, while Student Admission is priced at $375.. more_vert Android Go to be shown at MWC. close Google to introduce Android Go phones at MWC. We haven’t heard much about Android Go since the announcement. Several Google apps have received the “Go” treatment in that time. Google is finally ready to show off some Android Go devices at MWC next week.. more_vert Google says they're NOT bringing "Dark mode" to Android. close Google says they are definitely NOT bringing “Dark mode” to Android [NOOOOOOO!]. After news that Google was adding a Dark mode to a future Android release, Google has chimed and confirmed that this is NOT happening anytime soon. more_vert Google looking into abnormal Pixel 2 / 2 XL battery drain bug. close Google says they’re looking into Pixel 2 / 2 XL battery drain bug, here’s a possible quick fix. After users began reporting abnormal battery drain on the Pixel 2 and 2 XL, Google says they’re now looking into the issue.. close ARCore 1.0 arrives with new capabilities in Google Lens. gle today announced the public availability of ARCore 1.0. The new development kit allows developers to easily create rich AR experiences with the power of Google’s vision engine behind them.. more_vert Google Assistant to get 30 languages. close Google Assistant will have over 30 languages by year end. Google says the new languages will cover 95% of all Android users. But what’s even cooler than that is a new feature that will allow Assistant to detect languages.. more_vert Google app adds screenshot tools. close Google app adds built-in screenshot-editing tools. Now that it has been almost a year, Google is finally ready to make the feature available to everyone. Version 7.21 of the app adds editing tools for screenshots.. more_vert HTC lays off US team. close HTC lays off a large portion of its US team. HTC has laid off a majority of the US team. These are people that work exclusively in the US market. The only employees remaining in the US office are those that work for HTC Global.. more_vert Huawei P20 leaked photos show small bezels, no volume buttons. close Huawei P20 leaked photos show beautifully small bezels, volume buttons strangely absent. Huawei P20 leaked photos show us beautifully small bezels. Oddly missing is the rumored three camera setup and complete lack of a volume buttons.. more_vert Google Pay is officially rolling out today. close Farewell, Android Pay and Google Wallet: Google Pay is officially here. Google Pay is officially rolling out starting today and will soon replace Google Wallet and Android Pay.. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2018. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Gaming Experience. Sony Xperia XA2 Unboxing and Setup. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra AR Effect Augmented Reality. مواصفات ومميزات سوني اكسبريا XA2 ultra | هاتف Xperia xa2 ultra. Sony Xperia XA2 Review & Best Features. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra LEAKS - Snapdragon 630 in Hindi (हिन्दी). Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Unboxing & Hands On. Sony Xperia XA2 Unboxing (Midrange Handset shown at CES 2018, With 23 MP Camera). Are you buying the Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra?. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Kamera Test 4K Video (Deutsch | UHD) - Camera 4K Test. Sony Xperia XA2 HD 23MP camera 3300mAh Battery | Display 6-inch 1080p screen Full Spec. Sony xperia XA2 ultra review a big screen,mid range with great battery. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Rear Camera Sample: 1080p @60fps. Sony Xperia XA2 Unboxing în Limba Română (Telefon midrange cu cameră de 23 MP, filmare 4K). Sony Xperia XA2 - test smartfona. Smartphone Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra : un géant qui a du souffle. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Three new Sony phones put more you in your selfies. Fresh for CES 2018, the trio also includes a first for Sony phones.. January 29, 2018 1:26 PM PST. Sony Xperia L2, XA2, XA2 Ultra prices. 'New' fingerprint sensor finally comes to Xperia. Xperia XA2 Ultra highlights 6-inch display with 1,920x1,080p-pixel resolution Android 8.0 Oreo 23-megapixel rear camera (Sony Exmor RS image sensor) 16-megapixel front-facing camera with optical image stabilization (OIS) Option to shoot 120-degree wide-angle images at 8 megapixels Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor 3,580mAh battery 32GB or 64GB internal storage 4GB RAM Up to 256GB external storage Sony Xperia XA 2 Ultra, XA 2, L2. Sony has a trio of new Xperia phones that are designed to fit more of the world around you into your selfies.. Unveiled at the annual CES 2018 show here in Las Vegas on Monday, the Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra and L2 feature a camera that can shoot 120-degree selfies at 8 megapixels. (The XA2 Ultra also lets you shoot 16-megapixel selfies without this wide-angle option.). The very wide angle means you'll be able to see more of your environment than with other cameras: more friends, or a sweeping landscape, or maybe the hijinks behind you.. Hands-on with the Sony Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra. Some phones tackle the problem of cramped selfies by forcing you to take a three-pane panorama from the front-facing shooter, which takes more time to set up and shoot.. Image quality and solid performance are typically high points with Sony phones, but in past years the company has struggled to maintain its edge against rivals with bolder designs or lower price tags.. The three Xperia devices kick off Sony's midrange lineup for 2018, with the XA2 Ultra taking the lead in higher-end hardware, followed by the XA2 and L2.. In the US, you'll be able to preorder all three phones online at Best Buy and at Amazon.com.. Amazon, Best Buy (online) sale date. In addition to sharing the same front-facing wide-angle lens, many regions will also get a fingerprint sensor on the back of the phone, which will likely become a fixture in future Xperia phones this year. If you know Sony phones, this placement is a design change; the reader used to integrate into the power/lock button.. Here's something else that's new: The finger unlock button will actually work in the US, whereas before Sony turned it off on Xperia phones sold Stateside. All three phones will sell in select markets in late January. Sony says it will announce prices closer to launch. Skip to the end for the full specs!. Sony's Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra specialize in selfies. CES is where you'll start caring about 5G. CES 2018 : All the best new products here. All the new phones at CES 2018. PT : US sales dates and prices.. Three new Sony phones put more you in your selfies. Recycled guns give these headphones heft and a cause. An inside look at a 'farm-to-table' style marijuana dispensary in Las Vegas. Intel flies 250 drones above Las Vegas' Bellagio casino. Let's tour Google's booth at CES 2018. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Sony / Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 0 User Ratings 2 Questions & Answers. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra runs Android 8.0 Oreo. The smartphone has a 6-inch Full HD IPS display. It has a 23MP rear camera with a dual-tone LED flash and a 16+8MP front-facing camera. The device is powered by an octa-core Snapdragon 630 processor and 4GB RAM. It has 64GB internal storage which can further be expanded up to 256GB. Connectivity options include 4G, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 5.0, GPS, NFC, and a USB Type-C port. The device is powered by a non-removable Li-Ion 3,580mAh battery .. Expected Price: ₹ 35,990. Please enter a valid email address. We will notify you as soon as the phone is on sale/available.. You will be informed when the mobile is launched.. Add extension and get notified as soon as the phone is on sale/available.. You will be informed when the mobile is launched.. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Release Date Status Upcoming Mobile Expected Price Rs. 35990 Launch Date 31st March 2018 Updated On 26th February 2018. Key Features 6-inch Full HD Display Dual Front Camera 4GB RAM Fingerprint Reader. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Price in India Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra price in India is expected to be Rs. Xperia XA2 Ultra is due to be launched in March, 2018. The 64GB variant costs around Rs. The Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra comes in multiple colour options like Gold, Black which are also priced the same.. The Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra is the latest Android-based smartphone introduced by the Japnese smartphone vendor. It is the first smartphone from the stables of Sony to feature a dual front camera setup. Another important aspect of the device is that the location of the fingerprint reader has now moved to the back from the side. Also, on offer is a metal unibody design and is sleek so that it can be easily carried around without much fuss. In the imaging department, the smartphone sports a powerful 23-megapixel primary camera and dual 16+8-megapixel front-facing shooter that promises wider and clearer selfies. The primary sensor on the smartphone can also be used to capture videos and images in the dark as there is a dual-tone LED flash to aid the cause.. At its heart, the Xperia XA2 Ultra is powered by an octa-core Snapdragon 630 chipset which is coupled with 4GB of RAM to ensure lag-free and seamless performance. The device is designed to handle multitasking and graphics-intensive games. For power, the device is backed by a non-removable Li-Po 3,580mAh battery which can last throughout the day under moderate usage.. The Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra replicates the XA1 Ultra in terms of display. The handset flaunts a big 6-inch Full HD IPS display which is ideal for those who love watching videos or playing games. The screen is paired with Sony's proprietary Triluminous display that makes colours look more vibrant. The screen on the smartphone also has a scratch-resistant coating. Connectivity options on the XA2 Ultra include 4G with VoLTE support, GPS, NFC, Bluetooth 5.0, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, and a USB Type-C port. The device also supports two SIM cards.. The Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra runs the Android 8.0 Oreo operating system out of the box and is bundled with 64GB of onboard storage space which is enough to install apps and store data. However, if that does not suit your requirements, there is an option to upgrade further up to 256GB via a microSD card.. Please ask the question in above box. What is the expandable microSD card capacity of this phone?. Does it have a fingerprint unlocking feature?. This question has no answers yet. Does it have bokeh mode in rear camera?. This question has no answers yet. Why doesn't this mobile have a front flash?. This question has no answers yet. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Specifications Display Display Type IPS LCD Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Size (in inches) 6.0 Pixel Density 401 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Screen to body percentage 71.4 % Software Operating System Android OS, v8.0 (Oreo) Camera Rear Flash Yes, Dual LED Selfie Flash No Primary 23 M.Pixels Front Dual (13 M.Pixels + 8 M.Pixels) Video [email. protected] Storage Internal 64GB RAM 4GB Expandable MicroSD, 200GB Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 3100 mAh Turbo Charge No Connectivity Bluetooth v4.2 Wi-Fi Yes with hotspot 3G Yes USB Type C Voice Over LTE (VoLTE) Yes 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM GPS Yes NFC Chipset Yes Infrared No Processor Variant Snapdragon 630 Architecture Cortex A53 No of Cores 8 (Octa Core) Frequency 1.3 GHz Make Qualcomm Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope Yes Ambient Light Yes Fingerprint sensor Yes Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Sony mobile price list in India. OnePlus 5 price in India (Rs. iPhone 6s Plus price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge price in India (Rs. Moto Z2 Force price in India (Rs. iPhone 6 Plus price in India (Rs. Honor 9 Lite price in India. Nokia 6 2018 price in India. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra. HTC One M9 Plus Supreme Camera. User Reviews of Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra. 0 Ratings 0 Reviews. 5 0. 4 0. 3 0. 2 0. 1 0. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Price in India is Rs. 35,990 as on 26th February 2018 14:23:33. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
Alcatel 3 Series will be offered in three variants. ZTE USA debuts Tempo Go as first Android Go phone for…. HUAWEI announces a 5G endpoint for telecom carries and the MediaPad…. ZTE dials up mid-range Blade V9 and Blade V9 Vita. Xiaomi confirms the Mi MIX 2S is coming, will run the…. All Accessory Reviews App Reviews Hardware Reviews Smartphone Reviews. UHANS Max 2 review: A mega-phablet that won’t break the bank. Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate…. Blu Vivo X review: Can you get a flagship experience for…. Seven self-help and motivation apps to channel your inner peace. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must…. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Nine tips & tricks to master Google Keep. How to disable personalized ads on Android. What’s new: Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra vs Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra. Should you upgrade to the new Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra?. Sony’s recently announced Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra just became available for pre-order over the weekend.. In case you missed the headlines, the Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra is the successor of last year’s Xperia XA1 Ultra and the first Sony phone to take advantage of a dual selfie camera setup. What else is new? Keep reading below to find out.. While most phone manufacturers have rushed to adhere to the bezel-less 18:9 trend, Sony has maintained the classic design approach in 2018. Case in point, the new Xperia XA2 Ultra is not drastically different from its predecessor, although, the upper and lower bezels have been trimmed down a little bit. That’s not to say there are no differences between the two.. A notable distinction is that the Xperia XA2 Ultra has a functioning fingerprint scanner! It’s very good news for US customers, although keep in mind that scanner is not embedded in the power button on the side anymore, but lives on the back of the phone now.. Sony has also upped things up a notch when it comes to building quality. Last year’s model was offered with a plastic back and aluminum frame, but the Xperia XA2 Ultra has a much higher quality feel due to the metal construction and other design flourishes such as chamfered edges.. Last but not least, the Xperia XA2 Ultra retains the 6-inch IPS LCD display with fullHD resolution of its predecessor.. Sony has abandoned the land of MediaTek chipsets, so this year, the Xperia XA2 Ultra takes advantage of a Snapdragon 630 processor instead. It’s an octa-core ARM Cortex-A53 arrangement with a 2.2GHz clock peak, backed up by 4GB of RAM and 32GB/64GB of built-in storage. A microSD card slot for memory expansion up to 256GB is also included.. As for the previous-generation Xperia XA1 Ultra, the phone was offered with 4GB of RAM and 32GB of storage (microSD card also available).. Last year’s model relies on a 2,700 mAh battery, but this year Sony decided to upgrade things in this department, so the Xperia XA2 Ultra relies on a much larger 3,580 mAh juice box.. The new Xperia XA2 Ultra will ship out with Android 8.0 Oreo as default OS, which unfortunately is pretty rare for smartphones launching these days. The Xperia XA1 Ultra still runs Android 7.0 Nougat, although an update to Oreo is in the cards.. Perhaps the biggest difference between the two models is that the newer now sports a dual camera setup on the front.. For selfie-shooting purposes, users will be able to take advantage of the services of a 16-megapixel (f/2.0, OIS, AF) sensor paired with an 8-megapixel one (f/2.4).. In contrast, the previous model includes a sole 16-megapixel snapper with f/2.0, OIS, autofocus and LED flash.. As for the main cameras, the Xperia XA2 Ultra relies on a 23-megapixel sensor (f/2.0) with hybrid autofocus and support for 4K video recording and 120fps slow-motion shooting.. The rear camera on the Xperia XA1 Ulta is similar but without the slow-motion feature.. The Xperia XA1 Ultra is currently available for purchase in the US from Amazon and Best Buy for $349.99 a pop. Get it in Black, White, Gold or Pink.. The Xperia XA2 Ultra, on the other hand, just went up for pre-order at Best Buy. Customers can buy one in Silver, Black, Blue or Gold for $450.. TAGS CES 2018 dual selfie camera FHD display mediatek helio p20 Snapdragon 630 Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra. Previous article You can now find your art lookalike with Google. Next article Syllable D9X – a pair of truly wireless earbuds with a quirky design and spotty performance. A slight synesthesiac with a love for words. Follower of all tech trends, daydreamer and art enthusiast. Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate has in store. Have a moment to spare? Try these quick and casual games. This $29 bundle is your ultimate JavaScript training companion. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must.... The Pixel 2 is one of the best phones you can buy today. Not just for the hardware, but because of the incredible amount of power in Android 8.0 Oreo. Let us help you customize the experience to your exact liking!. Alcatel 3 Series will be offered in three variants. Alcatel TCL debuts a new line of phones at Mobile World Congress, each with a slightly different configuration. Expected to launch in select markets starting in April, pricing ranges from around $150 to $225.. ZTE USA debuts Tempo Go as first Android Go phone for.... HUAWEI announces a 5G endpoint for telecom carries and the MediaPad.... Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must know. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Follow us on Instagram @androidguys. Stop missing deadlines and grab a lifetime license of Aeon Timeline.... Isn't it time you start acting responsibly? Pick up a lifetime license to Aeon Timeline 2 and you'll be better organized and ready to hit deadlines and goals in a timely manner. Save 60% through our store today!. Charge up your phone with a sophisticated looking marble wireless Qi.... Seven astrology apps for those who want to know what fate.... Pay as little as you want to learn Python with our.... Pick up a lifetime 2TB Zoolz cloud storage plan for $50. Tricks, tips, and tweaks: 10 things every Pixel 2 absolutely must know. Five Android Oreo features you can install on any Android phone. Five ways to beef up your Instagram privacy. Now in our tenth year, AndroidGuys loves to provide readers with the latest news and rumors as well as reviews, opinion pieces, and tools to get more from your Android.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles Reviews. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra First Impressions. Roydon Cerejo , 11 January 2018. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Both phones are powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor. The Xperia XA2 Ultra has a bigger battery and a second selfie camera. We can expect to see these phones in stores in the coming months. Sony has announced two new smartphones at CES 2018 , called the Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra. These two mid-range smartphones should be launching sometime in the next few months, and we expect that. India will most likely get Dual-SIM versions of both, as opposed to the single-SIM versions that were shown off at CES. to spend a little time with both models, and here are our initial impressions.. Starting with the build quality and design, these new smartphones aren't very different from Sony's existing lineup. They still feature the smooth, seamless "loop surface" design language and lack trendy 18:9 displays (which we're guessing that. Sony is saving for its premium 2018 offerings). Both phones have metal frames which look. really nice when you hold them. The backs are plastic, but Sony has given them a metallic treatment so they blend. Of the two models, the Xperia XA2 is definitely more ergonomic in terms of design and grip. We think that this will be the more popular of the two. The Xperia XA2 Ultra is noticeably thicker and heavier. and honestly, it is quite cumbersome to deal with in one hand.. Both smartphones have Full-HD screens, but of course their sizes are different. The Xperia XA2 has a 5.2-inch screen, compared to 6 inches for the Xperia XA2 Ultra. The smaller one should theoretically be slightly sharper, although we didn't notice much of a difference during our short hands-on session. Even though these are traditional 16:9 displays, Sony has managed to reduce the borders on the sides quite a bit, so the phones don't look too dated. We have USB Type-C ports (with fast charging support) on the bottom of each phone, along with a single speaker grille. Both also have a flap on the left for the SIM tray and a microSD card slot, while on the right, we have Sony's trademark little circular power button. Both phones retain the 3.5mm headphone socket.. Around the back, we have a circular fingerprint sensor and a 23-megapixel camera. The fingerprint sensor on the Xperia XA2 is definitely more accessible due to the phone's smaller body. Both smartphones run on the Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 Mobile Platform and have 32GB of built-in storage. The Xperia XA2 has 3GB of RAM while the XA2. There's also a difference in the battery capacities - the smaller model packs in a 3300mAh battery while the XA2 Ultra has a 3580mAh battery. Neither of the phones has any sort of waterproofing certification, but both do run on Android 8 Oreo. Apart from physical size, the two new phones also differ in terms of their front cameras. The Xperia XA2 Ultra is geared more towards selfie lovers as it has a 16-megapixel primary front-facing camera with optical image stabilisation (OIS) as well as an 8-megapixel sensor with a wide 120-degree lens. The smaller Xperia XA2 only has a single 8-megapixel camera with the same 120-degree lens. Around the back, both smartphones share the same 23-megapixel sensor that's capable of 4K video recording, and slow motion video at up to 120fps. There's no OIS but we're told that the rear camera does benefit from Sony's SteadyShot stabilisation feature.. The Xperia XA2 and XA2 Ultra will be available in multiple colours when they launch. As for pricing, Sony hasn't revealed that yet, but given the specifications, we hope that they will both be in the sub-Rs. 25,000 segment when they eventually land. So, what did you think of Sony's first 2018 offerings? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section below.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra, Xperia L2 Price, Availability Revealed. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra First Impressions. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra With 23-Megapixel Cameras Launched at CES 2018: Specifications, Features. More Sony mobiles Sony mobiles price in India. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra, Xperia L2 Price, Availability Revealed. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra First Impressions. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra With 23-Megapixel Cameras Launched at CES 2018: Specifications, Features. More Sony mobiles Sony mobiles price in India. Further reading: CES , CES 2018 , Sony , Sony Xperia , Sony Xperia XA2 , Sony Xperia XA2 launch , Sony Xperia XA2 price , Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra , Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra launch , Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra price , Xperia. Roydon Cerejo Email Roydon More. An armchair fitness freak, loves everything tech. Recovering compulsive hoarder of PC components.. Asus Windows Mixed Reality Headset, ROG Strix Flare Keyboard, and More Launched at CES 2018. OnePlus 5T Lava Red Edition Launched in India, Priced at Rs. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra First Impressions. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO Huawei P20 Flagship Smartphone Launch Set for March 27. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia MWC 2018 Press Conference: How to Watch Live Stream. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Super Sale 50% Big Promotion Daily With Our Daily offers Free Back covers and Glass protectors. My Wishlist ( 0 ). Microsoft Lumia phones [caption id="attachment_4688" align="alignleft" width="100"] Nokia Microsoft Lumia phones[/caption]. Tablets are the Bigger Versions of Smartphones with a wide screen for better view with large fonts. At phones stores Kenya we have in stock for you a variety of Tablets from Different Manufacturers to choose from Buy your Online with Us today from the List we have here.. Microsoft Lumia phones [caption id="attachment_4688" align="alignleft" width="100"] Nokia Microsoft Lumia phones[/caption]. Tablets are the Bigger Versions of Smartphones with a wide screen for better view with large fonts. At phones stores Kenya we have in stock for you a variety of Tablets from Different Manufacturers to choose from Buy your Online with Us today from the List we have here.. 0 item(s) - KSh 0.00. Home Sony Xperia Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra. KSh 25,500.00 KSh 25,000.00. SIM Type: Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Dual SIM. Display 6.0” IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. Memory 32/64 GB, 4 GB RAM. Camera 23 MP / Dual 16 MP + 8 MP. Tags: Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra price in Kenya , Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Specs and price. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra full phone specifications. Audio and video encoding / decoding. An upgrade of the previous Sony Xperia XA Ultra. Related product Sony Xperia XA Ultra. Access to over a million apps on Google Play. Selfie Dual 16 MP + 8 MP camera. A 23 MP rear camera LED Flash. 1080 x 1920 pixels IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 99.2 squire centimeter measured diagonally 18:9 ratio. Expandable up to 256 GB dedicated slot. It comes with 32/64 GB, 4 GB RAM. 2.0, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector, USB Host. Bluetooth 5.0, A2DP, aptX HD, LE. WLAN, Wi-Fi 802,11 a/b/g, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Battery: Lithium battery non-removable Li-Ion 3580 mAh. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, panorama, HDR. protected] , sstereo sound rec, HDR. (f/2.0, 23mm, 1/ 2.6”, OIS, AF) + 8 MP f/2.4, ¼”. MPEG4,AAC+, AAC/ FLAC, H.265, MP3, Xvid, eAAC+. 3GP, 3G2, AAC, MP3, MPEG4, WAV. HTTP(S), progressive download, HTTP(S) live streaming HLS version 3, RTSP (RTP, SDP). SIM: Single –Nano-SIM, Dual SIM, (Nano-SIM) dual Stand-by. Messaging: SMS (threaded view) MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Fast Battery charging –Quick charge 3.0. Google Talk Back screen reader for audible output face to face video chat with google hangout. Google Now voice assistance to answer questions and perform actions scalable fonts and magnifications to zoom in or out. Closed Captioning supports high contrast text, color inversion and color correction. For more product specifications you can click here .. Be the first to review “Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra” Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. The product is already in the wishlist!. Display 5.5” IPS LCD Capacitive touchscreen. Memory 16 GB/ 2 GB RAM. None- Removable Li-Ion 2620 mAh battery. KSh 21,500.00 KSh 16,700.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. The product is already in the wishlist!. Memory 16 GB / 1.5 GB RAM. Camera 13 MP / 5 MP. KSh 20,000.00 KSh 14,000.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. The product is already in the wishlist!. KSh 42,000.00 KSh 32,000.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. The product is already in the wishlist!. Android OS v6.0 (Marshmallow) upgradable to v7.1.1 (Nougat). Quad-core (2×2.15 GHz Kryo and 2×1.6 GHz Kryo). Memory 32 GB, 3 GB RAM. Single SIM or 64 GB, 3GB RAM Dual SIM. Colors Graphite Black, White, Lime Gold and Rose Gold.. KSh 44,000.00 KSh 43,000.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. The product is already in the wishlist!. Sony xperia Z3+,Android smartphone,OSv5.0,water resistant,dust proof,5.2”IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen,1.5GHz,card slot,32GB/3GB RAM,20.7MP/5.1MP camera. KSh 32,999.00 KSh 26,000.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. The product is already in the wishlist!. KSh 30,000.00 KSh 25,600.00. The product is already in the wishlist!. Our Readers Views Edgar on Blackberry Passport Recent Posts. Samsung Phones Dealers Safaricom, Jumia, Kilimall and pigiame. List Of Apple iPhone Smartphones In Kenya. Lenovo phones Reviews in Depth and Prices In Kenya. Huawei Nova Plus, Fueatures and Specs in Reviews. Huawei Nova Phone Features and Full Specs In Reviews. Huawei MediaPad T2 10.0 Pro, Full specs and Features in Reviews. Huawei MediaPad T2 7.0 Pro Features And Full Specs In Reviews. Huawei MediaPad M2 10.0, Feautres and Specifications In Reviews. Huawei MediaPad M3 8.4, Features, Specs and Price In Kenya. Huawei Honor 8 Features, specifications and price in Reviews in Kenya. KSh 80,000.00 KSh 77,500.00. KSh 25,500.00 KSh 25,000.00. Moi Avenue, The Bazaar Plaza M1 0716442992 / 0712974119 [email. protected] phonesstorekenya.com Mon - Fri / 8:00 AM - 8:00 PM, Sat 9:00 AM -5:00 PM. Best Online shop for smartphones in Kenya. KSh 80,000.00 KSh 77,500.00. KSh 25,500.00 KSh 25,000.00. Samsung Phones Dealers Safaricom, Jumia, Kilimall and pigiame. List Of Apple iPhone Smartphones In Kenya. Lenovo phones Reviews in Depth and Prices In Kenya. Huawei Nova Plus, Fueatures and Specs in Reviews. Huawei Nova Phone Features and Full Specs In Reviews. Huawei MediaPad T2 10.0 Pro, Full specs and Features in Reviews. QR Code Sign up for News updates!. Get latest offers & new arrivals with our continuous news updates!. 
Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra review: Big screen, mid-range. SHOULD I BUY SONY XPERIA XA2 ULTRA?. Sony has made a phone with decent specs for the price, but the Xperia XA2 Ultra proves that bigger isn't always better. 32GB storage (microSDXC support up to 256GB). Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. But it cannot escape criticism for its design language and large bezels.. This isn’t because the bezels are actually that much of an issue. Big bezels do not a bad phone make. It’s because Sony releases so many phones with such regularity that we, and other tech reviewers and consumers, end up getting disappointed at seeing the same design every three to six months. The design itself isn’t much of a problem.. But if you just hate on bezels (and many do), the Xperia XA2 Ultra won’t make you happy. It’s a pricier version of the XA2 that has more battery, a larger display and dual selfie cameras. Is that enough to ignore its unwieldy size?. The cost of technology continues to rise and the XA range is more expensive than ever before. Although the Xperia XA2 Ultra isn't quite at the top of the. mid-range , it's still a fairly pricey. We're still waiting for an official UK price but it’s listed for pre-order on. Amazon at £379, £80 more than the regular £299 XA2 .. It’s currently listed on Amazon US at $449.95 .. This is not only more than its predecessor, but puts the device in direct competition with some brilliant phones that are effectively flagships with a mid-range price. Honor View 10 , both at £449.. The XA2 Ultra should go on sale at the end of February.. At the front, the Xperia XA2 Ultra looks pretty much identical to the previous model. The main giveaway that it's new comes via the two camera lenses in the top bezel.. Looking at the phone from the top or bottom sees a subtle slight curved design, complete with bevelled edges. However, the remainder of the XA2 Ultra looks distinctly average and even dated.. Granted, the screen goes right to the edges at either side but the phone has fairly hefty bezels above and below. The wait for an 18:9 bezel-free Xperia goes on.. Unless you have huge hands (and pockets) or simply love physically huge phones then the XA2 Ultra is too big. Previously, having a large 6in screen would justify its massive size but we’ve rightly come to expect slim and light handsets, even in the mid-range.. The Samsung Galaxy A8 is in the same price range with a bezel-less design very similar to the pioneering Galaxy S8, making the XA2 Ultra look fairly ridiculous by comparison.. It’s not just about the looks though, it’s also impossible to use one handed. The Xperia XZ1 had big bezels but was slim, light and packed stereo front facing speakers. The XA2 Ultra is very heavy and uses only its top bezel effectively, housing the headline dual selfie cameras.. The build quality on show is premium, and the metal design is robust though the back is a textured plastic. Volume rocker, power key and the excellent dedicated shutter button are on the right side, while Sony has moved the fingerprint sensor to the rear for the first time, under the camera lens.. Thankfully for American Sony fans, the fingerprint sensor now actually works thanks to the end of a weird long running legal battle. The camera also had a flash, as do the two front facing sensors.. A speaker on the bottom edge accompanies a modern USB-C port. The XA2 Ultra amounts to a monolithic slab of smartphone, an unashamed brick of a thing.. It comes in the blue of our review unit, as well as black, gold and silver.. As you'd expect, the XA2 Ultra is a bigger version of the regular model. However, there's more differences here than just a larger screen.. The screen is actually exactly the same as the XA1 Ultra at 6.0in with a Full HD 1080p resolution resulting is a fairly poor 367ppi. That's a decent chunk bigger than the 5.2in XA2.. Despite the low ppi, Netflix binges on the train look pretty decent. But you’ll have to put up with its mad 221g weight, one of the only phones we’ve reviewed recently that tips the scale over 200g. For comparison, the 6in screened Honor 7X is just 165g.. It's nice to have a big screen but you've got to really want it here to live with the size and weight of the phone, as the 16:9 aspect ratio makes it huge. The 6in screen on the recent Honor 7X is a slighter 18:9, looks great and costs £269.99 at the time of writing - £100 less than the XA2 Ultra.. The display settings hidden away do improve things though. Usually phones come with the saturation turned up which is less natural but more attractive. You can turn on standard mode to boost it at little, or go all-out with super vivid mode. We prefer standard, but it’s good that the option is there to bring some life to the natural but dull out of the box settings.. Unlike the Mediatek chip in the previous XA1, the XA2 Ultra has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor. A small upgrade on the power-efficient 625, the 630 here proved to give excellent battery life both in real world usage and the Geekbench 4 battery test, where it ran for an excellent 9 hours and 57 minutes. The pairing of energy efficient chip and 3,850mAh battery proves solid. There’s also NFC for mobile payments.. There’s a relatively tame 32GB storage on board but you can expand with a microSD card up to 256GB. Some regions will get a 64GB option but both versions come with 4GB RAM, an upgrade on the regular XA2’s 3GB.. As is the case for most phones in this price range, there isn’t wireless charging or any form of official water or dust resistance rating. Despite this, the Ultra has a decent set of specs for the price.. The rear facing camera is a 23Mp Sony sensor with f/2.0 aperture, but the software processing doesn’t take advantage of the megapixels. Unless you’re in bright sunlight, the results are disappointing and muddy. Colour reproduction is often inaccurate too, though it can handle light well in landscape shots, even if the sky on the below photo is a little blown out.. The XA2 Ultra's camera mostly excels in daylight landscapes. In low light the sensor struggles. Sony markets the Ultra as a phone for selfies as the two front facing cameras allow for wide angle group shots, or just a way to get more of the background in. It’s quite good but you get the fish bowl effect often seen at the edges of pictures taken with such a set up. You may also want to turn off the on-by-default skin softening mode.. A real boon here is the selfie cameras' optical image stabilisation, something the rear camera actually lacks. It means your group selfie shots will be largely blur free, and it's good to see on the phone considering the price.. If you’re into your selfies you will enjoy the feature, but there are better camera set ups on other mid-range phones .. The wide angle selfie cam in action. One nice-to-have feature is 4K video recording, unusual on a mid-range handset. The phone does struggle to process it though and lags considerably during recording. The slo-mo recording feature from Xperia flagships has also been ported over for recording bursts of 120fps footage.. The added AR feature is fun to turn your living room into a prehistoric scene and the timeshift burst mode lets you select the best shot from several, handy if you have a moving pet or child to snap.. We still recommend spending more on a higher-end phone if photography is important to you. Despite Sony’s insistence that the camera tech here is top end, it isn’t quite. A better display and better software processing are needed such as on Google’s. Where the XA2 Ultra does deliver is in its audio delivery. Though it lacks front facing speakers, the wired headphone experience on the phone is great. ClearAudio+ is a software setting that optimises the sound output, making music and video brighter and more immersive.. It’s a surprisingly decent feature, but might not be to your taste if you prefer a compressed sound and isn’t driven by a hardware DAC like on the (admittedly pricier) LG V30 .. Pleasingly, the XA2 Ultra comes with Android 8.0 Oreo on-board. This is excellent news for a mid-range device, and Sony has beaten tons of handsets double the price to get it. You can enjoy features like picture in picture. Sony is also doing a good job at the moment with monthly security updates.. Sony's Android skin is minimal, with only minor aesthetic changes to Google's stock version. It's very crisp and clean and doesn't make any change for change sake like Honor does with its EMUI skin.. Sony still pre-installs and pushes SwiftKey on you, but we prefer to download and use Google's Gboard.. Below are benchmarks from the XA2 Ultra and some comparable phones. The Ultra is a solid choice for mobile gaming, though if that’s the reason you’re looking to buy you will want to spend a bit more on a high-end phone .. Casual gaming looks great, and the extra money you will pay compared to the Honor 7X (with its Kirin 659 chip) or the Moto G5S Plus (with the older Snapdragon 625) will be worth it.. Multi-tasking is also fluid even when using many apps or when in split screen mode but the phone can lag when shooting and playing 4K video.. 32GB storage (microSDXC support up to 256GB). 23Mp rear, 24mm wide-angle, f2.0 lens. 8Mp front camera, 120 degree wide angle. 3580mAh battery with Quick Charging 3.0. 32GB storage (microSDXC support up to 256GB). 23Mp rear, 24mm wide-angle, f2.0 lens. 8Mp front camera, 120 degree wide angle. 3580mAh battery with Quick Charging 3.0. The Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra is a weird phone. Sony could have made a svelte mid-range Xperia at a lower cost than its flagships, but has instead made a £379 chunky mess. now, and we strongly recommend that Sony phone over this one.. If you really want a 6in 16:9 screen then the XA2 Ultra is one of the only ones on the market and its performance is solid. The rear camera is acceptable and the audio quality, run by Android Oreo, is top notch.. But with cheaper mid-range phones like the. boasting more compact 18:9 6in displays, the huge XA2 Ultra is a phone that will only appeal if you love the design, its audio quirks, and have a pocket big enough to fit it in.. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. I saw this on Tech Advisor and thought you should see it too.. The art of 'British' pulp fiction. TV & streaming : comment regarder le Tournoi des Six Nations 2018 ?. UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Sony Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra and Xperia L2 prices revealed; fall in the mid-range and lower mid-range. Sony Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra and Xperia L2 prices revealed; fall in the mid-range and lower mid-range. As compared to the specs, it can be said that Sony has priced its newly launched products pretty aggressively.. Published: Monday, January 15, 2018, 12:36 [IST]. Sony recently unveiled three new Xperia smartphones at the CES 2018. The Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra are mid-range phones, whereas the Xperia L2 comes with entry-level specifications. The handsets are already up for pre-order in the US, with shipping to start in mid next month. The company has now revealed the pricing of the Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra and Xperia L2. Truth to be told, the smartphones have been priced pretty aggressively given their impressive cameras, elegant designs and powerful innards.. The Sony Xperia XA2 will cost you $350, which translates to Rs. The Xperia XA2 Ultra is priced at $450 (approximately Rs. Lastly, the Xperia L2 will be retailing for $250 (approximately Rs. All three devices will be available for purchase from February 16 onwards in the US. Just to recall, let's have a quick look into the specs of these smartphones.. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!. Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia L2. Top 10 Tips & Tricks for Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL. Touted as a camera-centric smartphone, the Xperia XA2 has a 23MP rear camera with Sony's 1/2.3" Exmor RSTM image sensor and ISO 12800 sensitivity for clear low-light photography. It supports 4K video recording as well as 120fps slow-motion video capture. There is also an 8MP selfie camera with 120-degree super wide-angle lens.. The smartphone sports a 5.2-inch Full HD display that is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass. It comes equipped with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 chipset teamed with 3GB RAM and 32GB/64GB of native storage space which can be expanded up to 256GB using a microSD card.. The handset is backed by a 3,300mAh battery and it runs on Android Oreo 8.0 OS. The Sony phone has a fingerprint scanner on its back. The color options available for this smartphone are Silver, Black, Blue and Pink.. As a selfie-focused smartphone, the Xperia XA2 Ultra flaunts a dual camera setup at the front. There is a 16MP primary sensor with OIS (Optical Image Stabilization) and an 8MP secondary sensory with wide-angle lens. Both the cameras are accompanied by LED flash lights. The device also has the same 23MP rear camera with Sony's 1/2.3" Exmor RSTM sensor.. The Xperia XA2 Ultra is fitted with a large 6-inch FHD display with Corning Gorilla Glass on top. Under the hood, the smartphone is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor clubbed with 4GB RAM and 32GB/64GB of expandable (up to 256GB) internal storage space.. The Sony handset runs on Android 8.0 Oreo OS right out of the box. To keep the lights on, it packs a 3,580mAh battery with Sony's smart charging support. The Xperia XA2 Ultra has a fingerprint scanner and it will be available in Silver, Black, Blue, and Gold color options.. The Xperia L2 comes with a 5.5-inch HD display and is powered by the MediaTek MT6737T processor. There is 3GB RAM and 32GB internal storage onboard. The storage space is expandable up to 256GB via the dedicated microSD card slot.. In terms of optics, the Sony Xperia L2 is equipped with a 13MP rear camera with an aperture size of f/2.0 as well as an 8MP front camera with 120-degree wide-angle lens. The camera has the capability of shooting videos in 4K resolution.. The device runs on Android 7.1.1 Nougat operating system and is backed up by a 3,300mAh battery with Xperia smart charging technologies. This dual-SIM (in select markets though) smartphone is offered in Black, Gold and Pink colors. The Sony Xperia L2 also features USB Type-C support and a rear-mounted fingerprint scanner.. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!. Gizbot Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews. sony | Sony Xperia XA2 | Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra | Sony Xperia L2 | smartphones | mobiles | news. Story first published: Monday, January 15, 2018, 12:36 [IST]. Other articles published on Jan 15, 2018. COAI Data: Bharti Airtel continues to hold the top position Oppo A71 (2018) review: Is it a worthy upgrade over its predecessor? SanDisk Connect Wireless Stick, Ultra Dual Drive m3.0 Review: Reinvented to work with any devices. DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE. বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు. News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Gadget Finder. Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. 
The next video is starting stop. Review: Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra (Deutsch | HD+) | Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra im Test. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. ► Review: Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra (Deutsch | HD+) | Sony Xperia XA2 im Test ► Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra wird vorgestellt und ausführlich getestet. ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ Das Sony Xperia XA2 wurde mir von cyberport.de für diesen Test zur Verfügung gestellt. Bei cyberport.de kaufen: ► In silber: http://bit.ly/2sJyHl3 * ► In blau: http://bit.ly/2EIOiD6 * ► In schwarz: http://bit.ly/2GAqC4t * ► In gold: http://bit.ly/2sL6DOk * Bei den mit * gekennzeichneten Links handelt es sich um Affiliate Links. Durch einen Kauf über den Link werde ich am Umsatz beteiligt. Dies hat für Dich keine Auswirkungen auf den Preis. ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ ★ Damit nehme ich meine Videos auf ★ Kamera: http://amzn.to/2B3jMkK * Mikrofon: http://amzn.to/2Ggnk6a * ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ ► Kein Video verpassen: http://goo.gl/eGSq3e ► Like mir auf Facebook: https://www.fb.com/HighTechXde ► Folge mir auf Twitter: https://twitter.com/HighTechX. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Vergleich: Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra vs. Honor 8 - Display & Performance Test (Deutsch | HD+). Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra review - Gin Studio. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Gaming Experience. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Unboxing & Hands On. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra vs Sony Xperia XZ Premium - Speed Test!. Sony Xperia XA2 Review & Best Features. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra review: The selfie behemoth?. Review: Honor View 10 (Deutsch | HD+) | das günstigere Huawei Mate 10 Pro im Test. Sony xperia XA2 ultra review a big screen,mid range with great battery. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra VS Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus - Fingerprint Speed Test!. Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra - Unboxing & Preview. Review: HUAWEI P smart (Deutsch | HD+) | HUAWEI P smart im Test. Honor 8 - Display & Performance Test (Deutsch | HD+). Honor 8 - Display & Performance Test (Deutsch | HD+). Unboxing: Honor View 10 (Deutsch | HD+) | das günstigere Huawei Mate 10 Pro ausgepackt. HUAWEI Firmware Finder Tutorial / Anleitung - schneller Firmware Update erhalten (Deutsch | HD+). Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra AR Effect Augmented Reality. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra VS LG V30 VS Galaxy Note 8 Speaker Challenge. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Listed Price : Price Not Available. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra smartphone comes with a 6-inch full HD screen. The device powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor paired with a 3GB RAM + 32GB storage model and a 4GB RAM + 64GB internal storage, which can be further expanded up to 256GB. In the photography department, the Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra sports a 23-megapixel primary camera and 16-megapixel + 8-megapixel dual-camera setup on the front. On the software front, the smartphone runs Android 8.0 Oreo running out-of-the-box. Other features include rear fingerprint sensors, USB Type-C support.. Full Specifications of Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra. Sales Package Device, Battery, Charging Adaptor, USB Cable, Earphone. Display Resolution Full HD (1920 x 1080 ) Pixels. Internal Memory 32GB + 3GB RAM / 64GB + 4GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 256GB. Camera resolution 23 MP with f/2.0 aperture. Secondary Camera 16 MP + 8 MP dual Camera. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra, Xperia L2: Price and availability details revealed. CES 2018: Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra, Xperia L2 hands-on video released. CES 2018: Sony Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, Xperia L2 selfie-centric smartphones launched. CES 2018: How to watch Sony press conference live at 6:30AM IST on January 9. Sony Xperia L2, Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra leaked renders show off possible design. More on Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Reviews in India. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Features & Specs. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Vs Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Vs OnePlus 5T. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Vs Apple iPhone 7. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Vs Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra. Camera 23 MP with f/2.0 aperture. Internal Memory 32GB + 3GB RAM / 64GB + 4GB RAM. Own this mobile? Be first to review. Staff on Jan 31, 2018 08:05 PM. The three Sony smartphones were first unveiled at CES .... Staff on Jan 12, 2018 12:48 PM. The hands-on video showcases the design and features of the .... Staff on Jan 08, 2018 03:51 PM. All the three phones boast 8-megapixel sensors on the front .... Staff on Jan 07, 2018 03:02 PM. Sony is widely expected to unveil more than one smartphone .... Staff on Jan 03, 2018 04:39 PM. The devices are believed to be officially unveiled at the .... Write a Review on Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra. #MWC2018 : #MWC2018 ThinQ with integrated AI, dual cameras launched #MWC2018 @LGUS buff.ly/2F15C9T https://t.co/JR2Qd8xjLy. Samsung #GalaxyS9 with dual aperture camera, AR Emoji launched at #GalaxyS9 @SamsungMobile … buff.ly/2EZUiuL. #MWC2018 : @Alcatelmobile announces #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 , other smartphones; Alcatel 1T 7, 1T 10 tablets… twitter.com/i/web/status/9…. 
Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra, & Xperia L2 Smartphones Unveiled at CES 2018. Sony Xperia XA2, Xperia XA2 Ultra, & Xperia L2 Smartphones Unveiled at CES 2018. 2 months ago January 8, 2018. At the ongoing Consumer Electronics Show (CES) 2018 in Las Vegas, Sony unveiled three new latest Xperia smartphones. These are the same devices which were leaked last week by Evan Blass. As of now, the company hasn’t revealed the pricing of these three devices. However, the devices are said to be available by the end of this month. Sony continues to use the Omnibalance design and 16:9 aspect ratio. The Sony Xperia XA2 devices run on the latest Android 8.0 Oreo out of the box.. The Sony Xperia XA2 sports a. It comes powered by Snapdragon 630 octa-core processor clocked at. 2.2 GHz and includes Adreno 508 GPU. There is 3GB of RAM and. The storage can be further expandable up to 256GB via a MicroSD card. Coming to the cameras, there is a 23MP camera on the rear with f/2.0 aperture, Hybrid Auto-Focus, and 84-degree wide-angle lens.. For selfies, there is an 8MP front-facing camera with f/2.4 aperture and 120-degree wide-angle. It is backed by a 3,300mAh non-removable battery that also supports Quick Charge 3.0 fast charging technology. The circular fingerprint sensor is placed on the rear of the device. The power button, volume rocker, and a dedicated shutter button are placed on right edge. 142 x 70 x 9.7 mm and weighs 171 grams.. similar to Xperia XA2, but with a large 6-inch Full HD display. Under the hood is the Snapdragon 630 Mobile Platform coupled with Adreno 508 GPU and 4GB of RAM. It comes in 32GB and 64GB storage variants and includes a MicroSD card slot storage expansion. On the connectivity front, both the. Xperia XA2 Ultra offers 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 5, GPS, NFC, 3.5mm audio jack, and a USB Type-C port.. While the 23MP rear camera remains same as on its younger sibling, there is a dual camera setup on the front. There is a 16MP primary camera with OIS and an 8MP secondary camera with wide-angle lens. With the display, this device also packs a bigger. Unlike the Xperia XA2 devices, the Xperia L2 packs less powerful specifications. The 5.5-inch display on this device offers only HD (1280 x 720. It includes a MediaTek MT6737T quad-core processor coupled with Mali-T720 GPU. 3GB RAM and 32GB of expandable storage. Instead of the latest Android Oreo, the Xperia L2 runs on. The device supports dual SIM dual standby and sports rear-facing fingerprint sensor.. In the camera department, the Xperia L2 includes a. 13MP rear camera with f/2.0 aperture and an 8MP front-facing camera with f/2.4 aperture and. The device is kept powered on by a 3,300mAh battery and lacks Qualcomm Quick Charge support. Connectivity options include 4G LTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2, GPS, NFC, 3.5mm audio jack, and a USB Type-C port.. Stay tuned on PhoneRadar for more details!. Google Combines Google Wallet and Android Pay to Launch Google Pay. Honor View 10 AI Smartphone is Now Available Exclusively on Amazon India for Rs. Top 15 Smartphones to Launch in 2018. ZTE Blade V9 & V9 Vita Smartphones With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus – Everything You Need To Know. HMD Global Launches Nokia 8110 4G, Nokia 1, New Nokia 6, Nokia 7 Plus, & Nokia 8 Sirocco at MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9+ Are Now Official – Specs, Features, Price, Availability. Huawei MateBook X Pro With FullView TouchScreen Display Unveiled at MWC 2018. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S with Snapdragon 845 SoC Confirmed to Launch on March 27th. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus – Everything You Need To Know. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S with Snapdragon 845 SoC Confirmed to Launch on March 27th. Xiaomi’s BlackShark Gaming Smartphone with Snapdragon 845 SoC & 8GB RAM Listed Online. HTC Desire 12 Smartphone to Offer HD+ Display & Quad-Core MediaTek SoC. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9+ Are Now Official – Specs, Features, Price, Availability. Asus Zenfone 5z Smartphone with Snapdragon 845 & 6GB RAM Leaked. Twitter Lite App, Vivo X20 “King of Glory” Edition, Samsung Air Purifiers, Galaxy J7 Prime Price Cut & More – PhoneRadar Report. MediaTek MT2621 SoC, Canon EOS M100 Camera, M-tech Eros Plus, Salora Arya Z4 & More – PhoneRadar Report. Casio G’z Eye GZE-1, Ziox Starz Vibe, Infinix Zero 5 Sale, UC Browser is Back, 4K Photos via FB Messenger & More – PhoneRadar Report. iPhone X on Airtel, Redmi 4A MIUI Update, Nokia 2 Sale, Galaxy C7 Nougat Update & More – PhoneRadar Report. Facebook Local, Galaxy A7 (2018), YouTube Kids App, Nokia 8 Oreo Update & More – PhoneRadar Report. Jio VR App, Centriq 2400 Processor, Galaxy J7 Max Discount, Xperia XZ Premium Update & More – PhoneRadar Report. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus – Everything You Need To Know. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2S with Snapdragon 845 SoC Confirmed to Launch on March 27th. Xiaomi’s BlackShark Gaming Smartphone with Snapdragon 845 SoC & 8GB RAM Listed Online. HTC Desire 12 Smartphone to Offer HD+ Display & Quad-Core MediaTek SoC. Samsung Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9+ Are Now Official – Specs, Features, Price, Availability. Xiaomi Mi Max 3 Smartphone to Sport 5,500mAh Battery with Wireless Charging Support. LG Announces K8 (2018) & K10 (2018) Smartphones with 16:9 HD Display & Android Nougat. Huawei MateBook X Pro With FullView TouchScreen Display Unveiled at MWC 2018. 
