The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. A flagship for Sony, but maybe not everyone. The Sony Xperia XZ is a great premium handset offering everything you'd expect from a flagship phone. If you own a recent Sony phone though it might not be enough of an improvement to rush out and buy it on day one.. No fingerprint scanner in the US. Looking for smartphone perfection? These are the best phones in the world Sony Xperia XZ price and release date Now out in the US and UK - Australia looks unlikely Launch price: $699.99 (£549, about AU$939) Current price: $599 (£385, about AU$785) Key features Return of the useful water-resistant design Great fingerprint scanner, but not for every market Play PS4 games on your Xperia XZ screen Design New high-end material on the back Fits comfortably in the hand No durable corners as on the Xperia Z5 range. The Sony Xperia XZ has been replaced with newer models from the Japanese firm, but that's help drive its price down and it's now an attractive mid-range device.. [Update: The Sony Xperia XZ price has dropped, making it an attractive proposition with a strong feature set.]. The Sony Xperia XZ may be the brand's fourth flagship in the last two years, but it's been a whole year since it released the Xperia Z5 to critical acclaim at IFA 2015.. In the meantime Sony has released the Xperia X , which we believed to be its latest flagship handset at the time – but it wasn't. The Xperia XZ is that phone.. The Xperia Z line is now dead. Every Sony phone will now be part of the Xperia X line, whether it's a budget, mid-range or high-end device, and will sit under the top-dog Xperia XZ – at least until we see the Xperia XZ 2.. It's the best of the best of Sony's mobile tech in one full package. It features all the highlights of Sony phones we've seen the past, put into a melting pot and blended to create something familiar, yet different.. If this was an iPhone, it would be an S iteration. There are small improvements to the design, camera and battery tech – but there's no big, headline feature or major difference when you compare it to the Xperia Z5.. On the iPhone 7, for example, the headline feature was the introduction of a water-resistant build – but Sony has been there and done that, waterproofing its flagships since the Xperia Z back in 2012.. Instead it's a reworking of the highlights from the last few years – and that's not necessarily a bad thing.. Sony's Xperia XZ is out in both the US and UK but there's no sign of a launch for Australia.. When the flagship launched it cost $699.99 (£549, about AU$939) which is similar to what the Xperia Z5 cost when that first phone came out. Now Sony has announced the newer Xperia XZs so the price of the Xperia XZ has dropped too.. In the UK you can now buy the Xperia XZ for around £385, while those in the US can get the phone for only $599 from certain retailers. The new, lower price makes the XZ a more attractive proposition, offering a great feature set for a fair price.. Like Samsung's, and now Apple's, flagship handsets, the Xperia XZ is water-resistant. That means you'll be able to take your phone into the shower without having to worry about the internals getting frazzled from water seeping in, or get away with dropping it in the sink.. Weight : 161g Dimensions : 146 x 72 x 8.1mm OS : Android 6 (can upgrade to Android 7 Nougat Screen size : 5.2-inch Resolution : 1920 x 1080 CPU : Snapdragon 820 RAM : 3GB of RAM Storage : 32/64GB Battery : 2,900mAh Rear camera : 23MP dual lens Front camera : 13MP. This is a feature Sony has had on its flagship line for quite some time now. The Xperia XZ is IP68 water- and dust-resistant, so you can safely immerse it up to depths of one meter, although Sony advises against keeping it submerged for long periods of time.. Dust-resistance, meanwhile, ensures that if you take your phone to the beach sand isn't going to get jammed in the sockets and ports.. This is impressive, considering that both the 3.5mm headphone jack and the USB-C slot at the bottom of the phone are open; despite it being a feature of Sony flagship phones for quite some time, the waterproof design is still something worth shouting about.. For most markets, Sony has included a fingerprint scanner on the side of the phone to make easy to unlock, yet secure. However, buyers in the US don't get the scanner.. When TechRadar asked Sony's Senior Director of Marketing why this was, he told us: "It was a business decision we needed to make in order to transition [in the US] from the carrier market to the unlocked market.". That answer isn't entirely clear, and it's a big shame that customers in the US won't get this security tech included on their Xperia XZ.. The scanner is built into the power button on the right-hand side of the phone, and is in a great position for your thumb when unlocking your device.. The fingerprint scanner works quickly as soon as you hit the button. The position can be a little irritating if your phone is sat on a desk and you just want to turn it on though.. For those situations you can just use the on screen unlock pattern or pin, so it's not a major issue.. Those who are left handed may also find it a little more difficult and will need to register a different finger to get the benefit of unlocking it in the hand.. There's a 5.2-inch screen on the Xperia XZ, which may feel a little large for those with smaller hands. This is an average size screen for flagship smartphones right now, but you should note you'll likely need to use both hands to reach all the edges.. In terms of resolution, unlike competition from Samsung and HTC, the Xperia XZ is still only Full HD.. The screen is bright and looks good though - it's not 2K, but that's likely not a deal breaker or a reason to not buy the Xperia XZ. If you want to experience VR with your phone, it may not be the best choice as it only offers 424 pixels-per-inch compared to 534ppi on the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge.. PS4 Remote Play is a big bonus if you're into your gaming too. If you have Sony's home gaming console you'll be able to play games on your Xperia XZ over the same Wi-Fi network your console is on – handy if someone else is watching the TV.. The only issue here is that the screen on the Xperia XZ is a little too small for playing games on a regular basis – for that we'd recommend picking up an Xperia Z4 Tablet with its 2K 10-inch screen.. You'll also need to make sure your Wi-Fi connection is up to handling PS4 Remote Play.. If you've used a Sony phone before, you'll recognize much of the design language that you'll find on the Xperia XZ.. There's a new kind of metal material on the back of the phone, which Sony calls ALKALEIDO, although you won't notice anything radically different about it – to the touch it feels much the same as the metal on previous Sony handsets.. It does feel premium, though, and it looks better than the glass on early Xperia Z-line handsets. But be warned: it may be a new kind of material, but the Xperia XZ will still pick up your greasy fingerprints.. The boxy design is still here, but it comes with slightly rounded-off edges, which enable the phone to sit in your hand comfortably. Out of all the Sony phones we've reviewed that feature a 5-inch-plus screen, this one feels the easiest to hold.. The top and bottom edges of the phone are flattened off, giving the Xperia XZ a look you won't find on other flagships. It reminds us of the Obi Worldphone MV1 , but it's done with a high-end, premium feel which the Obi didn't have. Apart from enabling you to stand your phone up, though, this doesn't really offer much.. On the top is a 3.5mm headphone jack (take note if you're a disgruntled iPhone fan) – it's in a good place for plugging in headphones when your phone's in your pocket.. There's a USB-C slot on the bottom of the phone, while on the left-hand side is the slot for the microSD and SIM cards.. The volume rocker is in a strange position, two-thirds of the way down the right-hand spine – it's not a natural placement for your fingers to reach it quickly if music is blaring out of the phone and you need to turn it down.. Below this is a camera button, which enables you to snap shots without touching the screen. This will come in useful if you use the camera a lot, and it's something you don't get on many other flagship phones.. A feature we do miss here is the reinforced corners from the Xperia Z5, designed to absorb the impact if the phone is dropped – their omission leaves us a little concerned that this phone won't be able to take as much of a beating.. In short, the Xperia XZ is the best-looking phone the company has created, and the most comfortable to hold – but the differences are all quite minimal.. Next Page What's it like to use?. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 (dual-SIM model only). HSDPA 800 / 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 - F8331, F8332. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 13(700), 17(700), 19(800), 20(800), 26(850), 28(700), 29(700), 32(1500), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) - F8331, F8332. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (3CA) Cat9 450/50 Mbps. 146 x 72 x 8.1 mm (5.75 x 2.83 x 0.32 in). Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). - IP68 certified - dust/water proof over 1.5 meter and 30 minutes. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~70.9% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~424 ppi density). Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow), upgradable to Android 8.0 (Oreo). Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot) - dual SIM model only. 32 GB, 3 GB RAM - F8331 64 GB, 3 GB RAM - F8332. 23 MP (f/2.0, 24mm, 1/2.3"), gyro EIS, phase detection and laser autofocus, LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30fps, 1080p@60fps, check quality. 13 MP (f/2.0, 22mm, 1/3"), 1080p, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot. Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS/ BDS (region dependent). 2.0, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector; USB Host. Fingerprint (side-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, barometer, compass, color spectrum. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, IM, Push Email. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 3.0). Up to 600 h (2G) / Up to 610 h (3G). Up to 11 h 40 min (2G) / Up to 17 h 30 min (3G). Mineral black, Platinum, Forest blue, Deep pink. Basemark OS II: 2273 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 2151 Basemark X: 29548. Contrast ratio: 1349 (nominal), 3.795 (sunlight). Voice 61dB / Noise 65dB / Ring 67dB. Also known as Sony Xperia XZ Dual F8332 with dual-SIM card slots. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Sony Xperia XZ - user opinions and reviews. Is it the same stamina mode? I don't think so.. ok if u use Z5 or Z3+ there r also Stamina mode..but those device are not slowing when you activate it. Regarding to the stamina mode, every level reduces the overall performance by 25% percent, how do you expect it to be or to work, very simple method reduce performance to save battery, definitely no bugs here.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7 vs Xperia XZ vs LG G5. Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia XZ1 Sony Xperia XZs Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia X. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia XA. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. The best of Sony, but not the best phone. Sony Xperia XZ (Forest Blue, 32GB). Sony Xperia XZ (Mineral Black, 64GB). Sony Xperia XZ (Forest Blue, 64GB). Sony Xperia XZ (Mineral Black, 32 GB). CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. The Good Sony's Xperia XZ looks good, it won't die when you spill your drink on it and its bold screen makes mobile games look great.. The Bad Its battery life doesn't impress, and nor does the camera. Its full HD display isn't as high resolution as most of its rivals.. The Bottom Line The Sony Xperia XZ is a decent all-round phone, but it doesn't offer any competition to its main rival, the Galaxy S7. Its high price means the XZ isn't the phone to go for.. Refined design 161 grams (5.67 ounces) 146x72x8.1mm (5.7x2.8x0.3 inches) Fingerprint scanner on right edge -- but not in the US Water resistant 32GB built-in storage. Bold display 5.2 inches Full HD (1,920x1,080-pixel resolution). Android Marshmallow, with additions Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow software Sony custom interface Too much preinstalled software 64-bit Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor 3GB RAM. Sony needs to get it together. I've reviewed its phones -- from the top of the line down to the most basic -- for several years now, and I hate to see the Xperia family decline. Hard truth: It just can't keep up with its competitors. Take this "flagship" Xperia XZ, for example. It looks good, the screen is great and the Xperia line was water-resistant before IP68 was a glimmer in Samsung's eye.. But that's not enough of a reason to buy it. It costs a lot: $687, £540 or AU$999. Google's Pixel and Samsung's Galaxy S7 phones have much better cameras and longer battery life, for the same price or less. And their fingerprint readers work all over the world -- for some insane reason, Sony turns it off for the US. While there's little that's seriously wrong with the Xperia XZ, there isn't much to grab my attention, and that's a big contrast from even a year ago when Sony was an undersung brand just waiting for its time in the sun.. The Xperia XZ is a decent Android phone, but you'll probably feel more connected with the Google Pixel, OnePlus 3 ( $367.95 at Amazon.com ) or Galaxy S7. This one will get the job done; it just won't dazzle you while it does it.. That's metal this time, not glass.. If you've seen last year's Xperia Z5 ( $329.99 at Amazon.com ) , you've basically seen the XZ. The newly rounded edges make the XZ a smidge more comfortable to hold, while also making it look less boxy. The back panel is metal, not glass, and while there's a seam separating it from a plastic strip at the bottom, it's smooth and feels good to hold.. The changes aren't huge and it still bears the unmistakably monolithic Sony design, but XZ looks and feels like more of a refined, luxurious option than its predecessor.. The phone is water and dust resistant (IP68 rated, if you're wondering), but that doesn't mean you can take it in the swimming pool. The protection it has is designed to keep it safe from accidental drink spills or rain, but it's not an underwater camera. Sony's official advice states, "You should not put the device completely underwater; or expose it to seawater, salt water, chlorinated water, or liquids such as drinks. Abuse and improper use of device will invalidate warranty." Yikes.. Just a power button? Yes, but only in the US. There's a fingerprint scanner on the right-hand edge, built into the power button. Its position means the scanner is right beneath your thumb when you hold it in your right hand, or under your index finger when you hold it in your left. It's quick to register your fingerprint, and I found it to be fast and accurate in granting access.. Those of you in the US should note that the fingerprint scanner is disabled in the model sold there. In America, it's just a dumb power button. It's an odd move and it does put the XZ a step down against rivals like the Galaxy S7, which have the scanners built in wherever you buy them.. There's 32GB of built-in storage as standard, but you can pop in a microSD card to expand that to your heart's content. The XZ uses the new USB type-C, so prepare to replace your stash of old Micro-USB cables.. Colours really pop on this screen, making it a good option if you like playing vibrant games like Candy Crush or watch colourful TV shows like "Power Rangers." Although maybe that's just me.. It's a bright screen too, easily countering the overhead lights in CNET's London office, and being easily readable under Britain's grey, autumnal clouds. How it fares under midday summer sun remains to be seen, but I'm comfortable saying it'll be at least as good as most of its main rivals.. It has a full HD (1,920x1,080-pixel) resolution, which is sufficient to make apps and games look crisp, but it's not as high as you'd expect from a top-end flagship. Phones such as the Galaxy S7, LG G5 ( $258.97 at Amazon.com ) and HTC 10 ( $384.99 at Amazon.com ) all pack ultra high resolution displays, so the XZ feels like it's coming up short here. For everyday use this won't make much difference, but if you want to use a phone with a VR headset -- where the phone will be displayed close up in front of your eyes -- that lower resolution will be noticeable.. The Xperia XZ runs Android Marshmallow.. The phone arrives with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow on board, which isn't the absolute latest version -- that honour goes to Android Nougat -- but it's the most recent version you'll find on most phones at the moment. Sony has confirmed that the XZ will get the update, but hasn't yet set a firm date.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Sony Xperia XZ. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Single SIM: F8331, SO-01J ( NTT DoCoMo ), SOV34 ( au by KDDI ), 601SO ( SoftBank Mobile ). HSPA , GSM & LTE. September 2016 ; 16 months ago. September 2016 ; 16 months ago. ( 2016-09-30 ) ( Taiwan ). October 2016 ; 16 months ago. ( 2016-10-01 ) ( United Arab Emirates ). October 2016 ; 16 months ago. ( 2016-10-02 ) ( United States ). October 2016 ; 16 months ago. ( 2016-10-06 ) ( United Kingdom ). October 2016 ; 16 months ago. ( 2016-10-07 ) ( Hong Kong ). October 2016 ; 16 months ago. ( 2016-10-10 ) ( India ). October 2016 ; 16 months ago. ( 2016-10-13 ) ( Brazil ). October 2016 ; 16 months ago. ( 2016-10-15 ) ( Singapore ). October 2016 ; 15 months ago. ( 2016-10-20 ) ( Australia ). October 2016 ; 15 months ago. ( 2016-10-27 ) ( Thailand ). November 2016 ; 15 months ago. ( 2016-11-02 ) ( Japan ). November 2016 ; 15 months ago. ( 2016-11-18 ) ( Philippines ). Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996. Quad-core (dual 2.15 GHz + dual 1.6 GHz ) 64-bit Kryo processor. microSDXC ; expandable up to 256. Multi-touch , capacitive touchscreen , proximity sensor. mm) 1080p IPS LCD. px TRILUMINOS Display for mobile with X-Reality for mobile and Dynamic Contrast Enhancement. MP 1/2.3 Exmor RS for mobile sensor, BIONZ , RGBC-IR, Laser AF, Predictive Hybrid AF, Quick launch, 5x Clear Image Zoom, 24mm Wide Angle G Lens F2.0. 4K ( 2160p ) video recording @ 30. 13 MP 1/3.06 Exmor RS for mobile sensor, with Quick launch and 22mm Wide Angle Lens F2.0. USB 2.0 ( Type-C port, USB charging, Quick Charge 3.0). Connectivity and Features [ edit ]. Official white paper (Dual SIM). The Sony Xperia XZ is an Android smartphone manufactured and marketed by Sony. [2] Part of the Xperia X series, the device was announced to the public along with the Xperia X Compact at a press conference held at the annual IFA event on September 1, 2016. [3] The Xperia XZ was first released in Taiwan on September 30, 2016, with worldwide sales starting with the United Arab Emirates on October 1 and the United States the following day; its home country Japan only started sales on November 2, 2016.. The device serves as the true successor of the Xperia Z5 [4] and the whole Xperia Z series, and was Sony's flagship after the Xperia Z5 Premium. The Xperia X Performance was thought by many to be the successor of the Xperia Z5 but that wasn't the case. Nonetheless, the Xperia XZ is also the successor of the Xperia X Performance , but it is the first flagship in the Xperia X series. [5] It is succeeded by the Xperia XZs and the recently-launched flagship, the Sony Xperia XZ Premium .. It is also one of the first smartphones manufactured by Sony to utilize USB-C connectivity for charging and data transfer. [6] Compared to its predecessors, the rear camera of the Xperia XZ now has laser autofocus , a first for Sony, built-in alongside the hybrid contrast/ phase detection autofocus also found on the previous flagship. It also the first Sony device to sport an RGBC-IR color sensor to assist the image sensor in capturing accurate colors, temperature and white balance [7] and the first smartphone to feature a five-axis digital image stabilization system for capturing blur-free photos and videos. 1.2 Connectivity and Features. Xperia XZ in Platinum with Style Cover Touch SCTF10. The Xperia XZ's design consists of 3 different materials that seamlessly blend together in what Sony calls "Loop Surface" : a nylon frame, scratch-resistant front glass and an aluminium alloy metal back. The rear cover of the device is made from an aluminium alloy marketed as ALKALEIDO , a trademark by Kobe Steel , [9] specifically engineered to complement the smartphone's premium design with a material "that has an extra shine and a feeling of depth". [10] The device's front side is covered in Gorilla Glass to protect it from scratches and high drops. Also up front are dual front-firing stereo speakers, one on top along with the front selfie camera, ambient light and proximity sensors and notification LED, and the other one at the bottom bezel.. The Xperia XZ's dimensions are 146. in) in height, with a width of 72. in) and a depth of 8.1. [11] The device brings back the 5.2. mm) 1080p IPS LCD display with a pixel density of 424 ppi that started with the Xperia Z2 but with a brand new panel, featuring Sony's TRILUMINOS™ display and X-Reality for mobile technology. [12] It is powered by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 (MSM8996) chipset with 4 custom Kryo processors (2x 2.15 GHz and 2x 1.6 GHz ), 3 GB of RAM and relies on the Adreno 530 clocked at 624 MHz for graphics rendering. [13] The device also has an internal storage of 32 GB for the single-SIM variant and 64 GB for the dual-SIM variant, both with microSD card expansions up to 256 GB (in a hybrid slot for the dual-SIM variant).. Unlike some recently released smartphones from competing brands, the Xperia XZ doesn't abandon the standard 3.5 mm audio jack in favor of wireless substitutes. It does, however, have LDAC , an audio coding technology developed by Sony [14] , that enables the transmission of 24bit/96khz High-Resolution (Hi-Res) audio content over Bluetooth at up to 990 kbit/s, three times faster than conventional audio streaming codecs, to compatible audio devices. It also has the standard set of connectivity options like Bluetooth 4.2 LE with aptX , NFC , dual-band Wi-Fi with Wi-Fi Direct , DLNA and hotspot, GPS and A-GPS , GLONASS and BDS. Like its predecessors, it has an IP rating of IP68, making the Xperia XZ dust proof and water resistant for over 1.5 meters and 30 minutes under water. [15] The device also feature a fingerprint sensor embedded into the power button that can be used to unlock the phone and secure it from unauthorized access. Unfortunately, in the US this feature is disabled by default. The Xperia XZ is powered by a non-removable 2900 mAh battery, with a USB-C connector for charging and data transfer, one of the first two Sony smartphones to have one, the other one being the Xperia X Compact. It has QuickCharge 3.0 support and Qnovo adaptive charging technology built-in. This allows the device to monitor the cell's electrochemical processes in real time and adjust charging parameters accordingly to minimize cell damage and extend the battery cell's lifespan. [17] It also comes with Battery Care, a Sony proprietary feature, that controls the charging process of the phone by learning and recognizing the user's charging patterns, preventing the phone from damaging the battery's cells from excessive heat due to overcharging. For example, when charging overnight, Battery Care stops the initial charge to 90 percent and then continue charging until full where it left off the next day. The rear camera of the Xperia XZ features a new multi-aspect 24.8MP Sony Exmor RS image sensor , officially named as Sony IMX300. [19] Similar to the Xperia Z5 series, the Xperia X and Xperia X Performance , it has 23 megapixels with a sensor size of 1/2.3 inch and a f/2.0 aperture. Sony introduces the Triple Image Sensing technology with the Xperia XZ, comprised by the Image sensing (CMOS sensor with PDAF), Distance sensing (Laser AF sensor) and Color sensing (RGBC-IR sensor) systems. It features a hybrid autofocus that utilizes phase detection to lock focus on a subject within 0.03 seconds, also same with the Xperia Z5. [20] It also includes phase and contrast detection along with predictive motion tracking, both working together to adjust the right amount of contrast accurately and significantly reduce blur and image shift caused by shaky hands. The Xperia XZ, for the first time, includes a laser autofocus sensor alongside the hybrid / PDAF in tracking and locking focus on an object faster than regular autofocus modes, and an RGBC-IR ( R ed G reen B lue C lear- I nfra R ed ) color sensor that assists the white balance function of the camera by providing additional data about the light conditions of the environment, thus improving the color accuracy of the image. [21] It also has an upgraded SteadyShot with Intelligent Auto in addition to the 5-axis image stabilization. The front selfie camera has a 13 megapixel sensor with 22. mm and 90 degree wide angle lens, making it the highest-resolution front-facer on a flagship Sony device. The device also has 4K resolution video recording capabilities like the Xperia Z5. [15] Similar to the Sony α7 II camera, the Xperia XZ features five-axis digital image stabilization , a first for a smartphone, that helps in producing smooth video with less camera shake and improved image quality in low light environments. [8] This technology improves the image and video produced by detecting camera shake, such as angular motion consisting of pitch and yaw , shift shakes which consists of X and Y axis shifts and ( rotational shake ) by correcting the effects detected, shifting the lens to reduce visible image blur and shift shake. The Sony Xperia XZ launches with Android 6.0 Marshmallow out of the box, with Sony's custom interface and software. On December 1, 2016, along with the Xperia X Performance and a few other Xperia devices, Sony announced that the Xperia XZ would receive an update to Android 7.0 Nougat. Just a day after, the Android 7.0 update has officially rolled out. Retrieved 1 September 2016. "Sony Xperia XZ lands with Snapdragon 820, enhanced camera, USB-C". Retrieved 1 September 2016. ^ Edgar Cervantes (1 September 2016). "Sony Xperia XZ and Xperia X Compact announced at IFA 2016". Retrieved 1 September 2016. ^ Katharine Byrne (5 September 2016). "Sony Xperia XZ review: Fast, gorgeous – and flawed". Retrieved 20 December 2016. ^ "Sony Xperia XZ, The First Flagship In The X Series". ^ a b Vlad Savov (1 September 2016). "Sony throws all its mobile eggs into the camera basket with new Xperia XZ flagship". Retrieved 1 September 2016. ^ Ray S (1 September 2016). "Sony Xperia XZ hands-on: back to awesomeness". Retrieved 1 September 2016. ^ a b Sam Rutherford (1 September 2016). "Meet the First Phone Camera with 5-Axis Image Stabilization". Retrieved 5 September 2016. ^ GSMArena team (31 October 2016). "X to the Z: Sony Xperia XZ review - Hardware overview". Retrieved 31 October 2016. ^ Luis D (1 September 2016). "Sony Xperia XZ – specs review". Retrieved 1 September 2016. ^ James Peckham (1 September 2016). "Hands on: Sony Xperia XZ review". Retrieved 1 September 2016. ^ GSMArena team (31 October 2016). "X to the Z: Sony Xperia XZ review". Retrieved 31 October 2016. ^ "Sony Global - LDAC™: High quality wireless listening". Retrieved 6 January 2017. ^ a b Chris Fernando (1 September 2016). Retrieved 5 September 2016. ^ Maurizio Pesce (2 September 2016). "Sony's New Xperia Phones Have Big OI' Camera, Meh Specs". Retrieved 5 September 2016. ^ a b GSMArena team (31 October 2016). "X to the Z: Sony Xperia XZ review - Sony Xperia XZ battery life". Retrieved 31 October 2016. ^ Shivali Best (1 September 2016). "Meet the Xperia XZ: Sony's flagship phone has a laser camera and 'smart' battery that will last TWICE as long". Retrieved 2 September 2016. ^ Kaloyan (1 September 2016). "Sony unveils Xperia XZ flagship and Xperia X Compact". Retrieved 2 September 2016. ^ Chris Halls (2 September 2015). "Sony Xperia Z5 camera: Sample image and new tech explained". Retrieved 2 September 2016. ^ a b c Chris Halls (1 September 2016). "Sony Xperia XZ camera: New tech explained". Retrieved 2 September 2016. ^ GSMArena team (31 October 2016). "X to the Z: Sony Xperia XZ review - 13MP selfie camera". Retrieved 31 October 2016. ^ Chris Smith (1 September 2016). "A challenger for the iPhone 7? Sony's brand new Xperia smartphones come with top cameras". Retrieved 5 September 2016. ^ Simon Crisp (20 November 2014). "Sony reveals the α7 II with 5-axis image stabilization". Retrieved 5 September 2016. ^ Rod Lawton (27 November 2014). "Sony α7 II 5-axis stabilisation: how it works". Retrieved 5 September 2016. ^ "Android Nougat arrives on the Xperia XZ". Retrieved 4 December 2016. ^ "Starting our Android 7.0, Nougat rollout for Xperia XZ & Xperia X Performance". Retrieved 4 December 2016. ^ Chris Loterina (2 December 2016). "Android 7.0 Nougat Update For Sony Xperia XZ Now Launching". Retrieved 4 December 2016 .. Sony Xperia mobile phones. See also: List of Sony Xperia phones. X10 mini / X10 mini pro. acro HD / acro S. Categories : Android (operating system) devices Smartphones Touchscreen mobile phones Sony mobile phones Mobile phones introduced in 2016. Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 26 February 2018, at 08:21. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. What is the Sony Xperia XZ?. The Sony Xperia XZ is the last of 2016’s top Android phones. It’s Sony’s equivalent of the LG G5 or Samsung Galaxy S7 : a top-end phone with lots of features and the price to match.. Like all £500-plus phones, it’s good. But the question is whether it’s good enough to compete with the older 2016 Android kings, some of which are already cheaper than they were at launch.. The Sony Xperia XZ isn’t as accomplished as the best Samsungs and doesn’t make enough improvements over the Sony Xperia Z5 , particularly with its camera. This is a phone for Sony fans, or those tired of iPhones and their Korean rivals.. Related: Best Smartphones to Buy. The Sony Xperia XZ is an Xperia Z-series in all but name.. The Z models began with a bold and boxy design. Early Xperia Zs were rectangular monoliths that looked great in promo videos, but tended to feel a bit bigger and thicker than they actually were.. WATCH: Sony Xperia XZ video review. The Xperia XZ continues Sony’s recent trend of softening this style. This time around you get a metal back, metal sides and ever-so-slightly curved 2.5D glass on the front.. It’s a more practical design than that of the old Xperia Z3 and Xperia Z5, which have glass backs – yet another pane to shatter.. The Xperia XZ isn’t made of a single piece of machined aluminium like an iPhone, though. Its back panel is one piece, while the sides are another. There are even a few plastic panels too. They cover the top and bottom edges, and the little strip towards the bottom of the back.. Sony has styled out this seam-heavy design perfectly, though. There are no sharp edges to ruin the feel, and all the parts are perfectly colour-matched.. I prefer the feel of the more tapered OnePlus 3 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. This phone feels large for its 5.2-inch screen size, but it’s a definite ergonomic improvement over the Sony Xperia Z5 Premium , which had a sharp ridge running along its back. Still, if you’re going to spend this much money on a phone, it’s a good idea to have a feel of the main contenders in person if you can. Get down to the high street.. The other bit of Sony styling that’s a little different from the rest is the placement of the fingerprint scanner. While Apple and Samsung put their scanners on the front, and Huawei/Honor on the back, the Sony Xperia XZ has a finger scanner on the side.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. It sits right under the power button – the big grey oval-shaped blob on the side. This gets you the traditional feel of a side-mounted power button, but with finger security added for good measure.. It’s quick enough to feel only slightly slower than pressing a scannerless power button, but I find rear- and front-mounted scanners work a bit better for quick unlocking, perhaps because a more indented style guides you towards the right area more quickly. But it is a good fingerprint scanner regardless.. The Sony Xperia XZ is water resistant too. A single flap on the side covers the tray that holds the SIM and microSD card, and it’s certified to IP65/68, meaning it can withstand being submerged in water at a depth of more than 1m.. However, doing so invalidates your warranty. After a few too many stories of “waterproof” Sony Xperia phones being killed by water, Sony has sensibly stepped back from this feature, if only in its wording. Here’s the official line from Sony:. “You should not put the device completely underwater; or expose it to seawater, salt water, chlorinated water, or liquids such as drinks. Abuse and improper use of device will invalidate warranty.”. Don’t be silly, in other words. There’s no magic behind why previous Sony phones have failed either. Xperia Z (and XZ) water resistance relies on tiny little rubber seals, which are prone to wear, and are useless if they’re not perfectly in place.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. Sony Xperia XZ review – flagship, at a price!. by Lanh Nguyen October 10, 2016. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. -Software is clean and easy to use. The Xperia XZ has many great qualities, and might be one of Sonyâs best smartphones in a long while, but without a fingerprint sensor in the US or a QHD display, many may find the $700 price tag tough to justify.. Hands on with the Sony Xperia XZ. Display 5.2" Full HD Triluminos IPS LCD. Storage 32 GB (single SIM), 64 GB (dual-SIM) + microSD. Dimensions 146 x 72 x 8.1 mm. Main camera 23 MP with triple image sensing, predictive hybrid autofocus, 5-axis stabilization. Battery 2,900 mAh, Quick Charge 3.0, Qnovo Adaptive Charging, USB Type-C. Networks GSM GPRS/EDGE (2G), UMTS HSPA+ (3G), Cat. Connectivity A-GNSS (GPS + GLONASS), Wi-Fi Miracast, Bluetooth 4.2. Sony may be done with the Z series, but the letter returns with the company’s latest addition to their flagship X range, with the Xperia XZ. Introduced alongside the much smaller Xperia X Compact at IFA a little over a month ago, this high-end smartphone is Sony’s attempt at finding a foothold once again in the competitive US market.. With the company hoping to arrest their continuing fall in popularity, does their latest offering prove to be the answer? We find out, in this comprehensive Sony Xperia XZ review!. The Xperia XZ features a design that has been refreshed in a few different ways, but the general rectangular slab-like design language still makes it easily recognizable as a Sony smartphone. A combination of materials has gone into the build of this device, with glass up front, an all metal back plate, and plastic along its sides.. The phone comes with what Sony is calling a “loop” design. Basically, the sides are rounded and taper towards the front and back, which makes the transition between the different build materials feel more seamless, and also allows for a very comfortable feel when holding the phone. Sony has never had issues with build quality as far as their high-end offerings are concerned, and that remains true for the Xperia XZ as well, with the device feeling sturdy and substantial in the hand.. A few color variations of the Xperia XZ are available, with options including blue and silver, and as seen with this review unit, black. The black version comes with a satin-like finish, which isn’t particularly glossy, but does tend to be prone to fingerprints. That said, black also gives this phone a very sleek and stealthy look.. The Xperia XZ comes with a 5.2-inch display, which allows for a relatively easy one-handed handling experience, despite the back plate being made with metal. Speaking of the metal backing, there are no plastic inserts to be found here, resulting in the NFC chip being moved from the back, where it is normally expected to be, to the front, next to the front-facing camera. This isn’t the first time that Sony has gone with this placement, but it does make tapping the phone to other devices or payment terminals just a little bit more awkward.. Taking a look around the device, the headphone jack and USB Type-C port are at the top and bottom respectively, a combined SIM card and microSD card slot is on the left, and finally, on the right side is the power button, volume rocker, and Sony’s signature dedicated camera shutter button.. As I also noted in the full review of the Xperia X Compact , the inclusion of a dedicated camera button provides a quick and easy way to get to the camera and is very convenient, but having all the buttons on the right makes the whole side feel quite cluttered. The placement of the volume rocker makes sense when considering its secondary use as a digital zoom control, but it is very awkward and uncomfortable to reach with your thumb when trying to adjust the volume in the portrait orientation.. The power button of the Xperia XZ does function as a fingerprint sensor, but that’s only true in other markets around the world, and unfortunately not the case in the US. For reasons unknown, Sony has decided to disable the scanner with the US version of the device, as the company did with previous Sony flagships as well. The keyword here is disable, and some developers have figured out a workaround that you can attempt at your own risk , if a fingerprint scanner is a must have.. The Sony Xperia XZ comes with a 5.2-inch IPS LCD display, with a Full HD resolution, resulting in a pixel density of 424 ppi. Quad HD is generally what is expected from current generation flagships, but unless you are planning to use the device for VR, you are not going to notice any difference with 1080p here.. The screen is plenty sharp for comfortably reading text and web browsing, has excellent viewing angles, and is surprisingly very vibrant. Brightness is of no concern, and the display is easily view-able outdoors. You also have the usual white balance controls and Sony’s X-Reality engine built-in, that provide a sharper and more natural looking image when looking at photos and videos. There are also some benefits to having a lower resolution display, particularly in terms of performance and battery life.. Under the hood, the Xperia XZ packs a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, backed by the Adreno 530 GPU and 3 GB of RAM. While this is the processing package that is generally seen with most current flagships, 4 GB of RAM is the norm, so the reduction may be disappointing to some.. With a 1080p display, you’ll generally get much smoother game play and graphics performance when compared to Quad HD screens, because of the reduced strain on the GPU. Not surprisingly, the game play on the Xperia XZ is definitely extremely smooth, and there were no stutters or dropped frames that were noticeable with high-end games. Day to day operations including web browsing, opening apps, checking emails, and watching videos, have also been very smooth. Despite having 3 GB of RAM, I haven’t managed to slow this phone down with heavy amounts of multi-tasking either, so you certainly won’t feel the loss of an additional gig of RAM.. The Xperia XZ comes with 32 GB or 64 GB of on-board storage, but if you do opt for the lower storage option, you can bolster that with a microSD card by up to 256 GB. The US version of the device is a single SIM version, but there is also a dual SIM iteration available in some other markets, where users will have to make the choice between dual SIM capabilities and expandable storage.. Unlike the Xperia X Compact, the Xperia XZ does come with an IP 68 rating for resistance to dust and water, which means that you can use the phone in the rain or while in the shower if you want to, and it can also survive a dunk in the water with no adverse effect on functionality.. Audio is a big part of the Xperia XZ experience. By plugging in a pair of headphones, you can take advantage of the device’s built-in support for Hi-Res audio files like FLAC, ALAC, DSD, and LPCM, and it can also upscale an compressed music files to give it more of a Hi-Res sound.. Two small slits above and below the display house dual stereo front-facing speakers, which sound excellent, with no distortion even at the highest volume. However, when compared to something like the Nexus 6P , these speakers are no where near as loud, and don’t offer as much low-end punch.. The Xperia XZ comes with a 2,900 mAh battery, with is a little smaller than a lot of other flagships out there. The battery is good enough to comfortably allow for a full day of use, but you won’t get a whole lot more beyond that. Even with heavy usage that involved a few hours of gaming every day, along with the usual activities that include social, email, and texting, the phone lasted for 12 hours off the charger, which is definitely not bad.. The phone comes with support for Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0, which will allow you to get back to a full charge quickly. If you are running out of battery and can’t get to a charger easily, you do get Sony’s staple Stamina and Ultra Stamina modes that limit performance and certain functionality in favor of longer battery life.. Sony is known for making really good camera sensors for smartphones, but they have unfortunately never managed to get the camera quite right with their own phones. However, there are a lot of improvements that have been made with the new sensor that the Xperia XZ is sporting.Â. The device is sharing the same 23 MP rear camera as the smaller Xperia X Compact, and also comes with a 5-axis image stabilization, a new laser auto focus sensor, and a RGBC-IR that helps get the most accurate white balance, regardless of the lighting condition.. A point to remember is that the 5-axis stabilization is purely software based, so there are no moving parts that are making this happen. This stabilization also kicks in only when you are recording close ups or macro shots, and in other situations, 3-axis stabilization is what you are getting. It does work extremely well though for video, and stabilizes the footage without any noticeable warping or distortion.. Where the Xperia XZ differs from its smaller sibling is when it comes to the front-facing camera, with the former coming with a 13 MP shooter, instead of the 5 MP front-facing unit of the Xperia X Compact. The front camera of the Xperia XZ allows for plenty of detail and color to be captured, and you also get a lot more flexibility with zooming into and cropping shots.. The rest of the camera experience is typically what has been available from Sony. The camera app is fairly simplistic, and navigating between Superior Auto, Manual, Video Recording, or switching to the front-facing camera can all be done by simply swiping on the screen.Â. You also get the usual modes like AR Effect, Sweep Panorama, and Timeshift Video, that can be a lot of fun to play around with.Â. The only quirk with Sony’s default camera app is that the HDR mode is still buried in the camera settings, and is only accessible when using the Manual mode.. It is very quick and easy to launch the camera and take a shot, especially when using the dedicated camera key, and the pictures it takes are surprisingly very good. Images are extremely sharp and detailed, and it produces colors that are much more natural and true to life, but at the same time are stilll very pleasing to the eye.. The predictive hybrid auto focus feature that Sony has been using a for a while now also works well for tracking moving objects and capturing them without motion blur. As long as the subject is moving at a reasonable speed, you’ll be able to get a crystal clear shot.. In low light conditions, there is still a fair amount of detail to be had, and the images come out relatively noise free. The camera does to tend overexpose shots though, and there is a lot of blooming in the highlights. The camera can also be really slow to capture a picture poorly-lit situations, and if you aren’t holding the phone perfectly steady, you will end up with a lot of blurry shots.. On the software side of things, the Xperia XZ is running Android 6.0 Marshmallow with the Xperia UI on top, which Sony has scaled back significantly to keep the experience fairly light. You still have Sony’s own launcher, Settings menu, app icons, and a built-in themes engine, but the majority of the user interface feels very close to stock Android.. This integration goes up to the point where the Google Now second screen is now a part of the Xperia launcher as well. While the Xperia XZ is only available unlocked and free of network carrier bloatware, there are a few pre-installed applications to deal with, like AVG protection, Amazon Shopping, and Sony’s own list of apps. Overall however, this is a very clean and simple software experience, which is definitely a contributing factor to the smooth performance of the device.. If you are looking to get the Xperia XZ, the price is going to be something to contend with, with the device priced at $699. This puts it in the same price range as other flagships like the Galaxy S7 Edge and Google’s brand new Pixel smartphones, and there are also smartphones that offer flagship experiences at a fraction of the price, like the ZTE Axon 7 and the OnePlus 3 .. So, there you have it for this in-depth review of the Sony Xperia XZ! It has to be admitted that I do really like this phone, and it has been a long time since a Sony smartphone has truly impressed me. The Xperia XZ has got a refreshing, new, and beautiful design which is still true to Sony, and also features a beautiful display, excellent performance, and a really great camera.. There is so much to like about this phone that I was able to forgive the lack of Quad HD display and a fingerprint sensor. However, with these features missing, the high price point might be harder to forgive. The Xperia XZ is undoubtedly the best smartphone that Sony has made in a long while, but if that is enough to justify paying a premium for it is up to you.. Sony Smartphone Reviews Sony Xperia XZ. Smartphone Reviews , Sony , Sony Xperia XZ. Your source for all things Android!. Â© 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 4 Call quality, Battery life, Conclusion. posted by Victor H.. Android - Android + Sony - Sony +. 1 Introduction, Design and Display. 2 Interface, Performance and Connectivity. 4 Call quality, Battery life, Conclusion. Introduction Sony is on an aggressive schedule: while most other companies are launching their new flagship phones once in a year, Sony is updating its top-line Xperia phones much more often, with a new phone every six months or so. Last fall, we had the Xperia Z5, then in the beginning of June 2016, Sony released the Xperia X and Xperia X Performance, and now, just a few months after that, we have another new top-shelf phone: the Xperia XZ. Despite this quick pace of upgrades, little changes in the Xperia line over time: most of the top-shelf Xperia phones evolve very gradually. The new Sony Xperia XZ is probably the biggest update to the series with a brand new ‘loop’ design that changes the appearance of the phone, but even this does not make it a very significant change: yes, it has a slightly larger screen and a slightly larger battery than the X Performance, but the specs and software are nearly identical. Under the hood, the Sony Xperia XZ features the same top-shelf Snapdragon 820 system chip, with 3GB of RAM on board and the base version of the handset has 32GB of internal storage, expandable via microSD cards. Sony has, however, improved the camera with a 23-megapixel sensor with 5-axis software stabilization and laser auto-focus that speeds up focusing. Let’s see if there are any other improvements and if Sony can pull out a surprise with the XZ. In the box: Xperia XZ 5V, 1.5A (7.5-watt) wall charger USB-C cable User manual Design New and shinier metal back, curved sides, but still on the thick side Sony has always had a name for a company that makes elegant, stylish devices and the Xperia XZ undeniably looks like one. While it retains the DNA of a Sony Xperia phone with its sharp corners and somewhat bulky size, it also now comes with edges that are tapered and more comfortable to hold, an approach that Sony calls ‘loop’ design. The back is made out of a special aluminum alloy that Sony calls ‘Alkaleido’. In real life, it’s a shiny metal finish with a very smooth coating that actually makes it feel a bit like glass or glossy plastic. Its slightly colder temperature, however, gives out its true nature. And it looks good when it’s clean, but as all glossy surfaces, it's good at catching fingerprints and getting smudged easily. Upon closer inspection, however, one can’t help but notice that the sides of the phone are all made of plastic and there is a strap of plastic at the bottom edge of the rear panel for better reception. The physical buttons - all of them are on the right side - are also made of plastic and don’t feel nowhere near as clicky or well made as the ones on Galaxies and iPhones of today. In the international version of the Xperia XZ there is a fingerprint scanner built in the side-positioned power/lock key and it works fast and well, but - quite shockingly for a late 2016 flagship - there is no fingerprint scanner on the U.S. We guess that this has something to do with patents because otherwise this makes absolutely no sense. Up front, there is a beautifully laminated screen with Gorilla Glass 4 (yet others are already using the tougher Gorilla Glass 5) that uses on-screen Android navigation keys. There are two front-firing speakers, which is a nice addition, while on the bottom of the phone there is a USB-C port for charging, whereas the 3.5mm headset jack is on the top. The Xperia XZ comes in a choice of three colors: the signature for the model Forest Blue (aka dark blue), as well as a Mineral Black (black) and Platinum (bright gray) versions. We like this good-looking color selection, and as you can see we have the Forest Blue up for review. Finally, the phone is also conveniently IP68 certified, meaning it is water- and dust-resistant: it can withstand a 30-minute stay in water, up to 3 feet deep, but rather than being made for use in water, it’s mostly meant to survive occurrences like the rain or an accidental drop in the toilet. Display 5.2” Full HD LCD display with bluish colors The Sony Xperia XZ features a 5.2-inch Full HD display (1080 x 1920 pixels) of an IPS LCD kind. “Triluminous”, “X-Reality”, Sony does not shy away from throwing in a bunch of pompous marketing names to convince everyone in the superior qualities of this screen. But first, sharpness: a 5.2” Full HD display is sharp enough so that most users won’t see pixelization. We find no issue with it, hence, no reason to complain about it not being a Quad HD display. To be perfectly exact, there is one scenario when a Quad HD display would actually be more beneficial: if you mount your phone in a VR headset, you can actually see a real difference in sharpness there. But as far as normal usage is concerned, 1080 x 1920 px is a-OK. Onto the colors, the Xperia XZ features strongly oversaturated colors and cold temperature that would annoy photographers looking for color accuracy, as well as those who care about true colors. We do, and from that standpoint, we are not happy with the color rendition on the Xperia XZ. At the same time, if you are not particularly picky about color accuracy, the screen is not terrible: again, colors are unrealistic, but they also ‘pop’ more and the screen gets sufficiently bright to be comfortable to use in various conditions.. 5.75 x 2.83 x 0.32 inches. 146 x 72 x 8.1 mm. 5.44 x 2.64 x 0.28 inches. 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1 mm. 5.94 x 2.86 x 0.3 inches. 150.9 x 72.6 x 7.7 mm. 5.88 x 2.91 x 0.29 inches. 149.4 x 73.9 x 7.3 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. Sony Xperia XZ Compare. (Posts: 5478; Member since: 10 Feb 2012). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 09:07. This should have atleast received a score of 8, but sadly it is made by Sony and not Apple, so that's an automatic 1 point reduction.. (Posts: 2840; Member since: 19 Jun 2012). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 16:04. I wonder if they review an exact replica of this one, only brandless. it would probably get a 9. (Posts: 237; Member since: 15 Nov 2012). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 20:36. For fair comparition add 1 point to the score of every android phone, 2 in case of Sony.. (Posts: 50; Member since: 11 Jul 2016). posted on 27 Sep 2016, 00:18. accept it sony are the worst among android .. (Posts: 9; Member since: 28 May 2016). posted on 27 Sep 2016, 02:16. in response to #56 Hide. First use it & then blabber.. (Posts: 9; Member since: 28 May 2016). posted on 27 Sep 2016, 02:15. Phonearena is so obsessed with iPhone 7 that they couldn't think any number other than 7! Sony will have to wait till launch of iPhone 9 to get a 9 pointer. (Posts: 808; Member since: 17 Oct 2011). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 09:22. I have yet to read a good review of this phone. (Posts: 888; Member since: 10 Jun 2012). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 09:23. This time I can't blame them, no fingerprint is minus. 5 from Z5 series and of course the display. (Posts: 2617; Member since: 01 Sep 2014). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 09:24. 1- You can use other camera apps. 2- The world is a big place you don't have to be in the U.S. 3- You can change the white balance in the settings. 4- most other OEMs ship with Android 6.0 so why is this a con?. (Posts: 1863; Member since: 30 Jun 2014). posted on 25 Sep 2016, 01:10. You yourself seem to know and understand why they are cons, but want to talk sony's side just to protect their reputation.. (Posts: 9; Member since: 28 May 2016). posted on 27 Sep 2016, 02:19. Those who use Xperia regularly don't find the camera app cumbersome. Get out of iPhone mode please.. (Posts: 14; Member since: 30 Sep 2015). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 09:26. Again this typical PA unprofessionalism (hopefully I got that right :-)). In the coclusion they wrote: "it lacks quick charging ". The XZ does support QC3.0! Only the included wall charger doesn't. But the way PA writes it is very confusing.. (Posts: 888; Member since: 10 Jun 2012). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 09:43. They didn't even try the 5 axis thing stabilization in video mode, they just state it as shaky!! Im impressed. (Posts: 123; Member since: 23 Aug 2012). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 10:51. I did some research here in Sweden. The "basic" small iPhone 7 with 32 GB are actually more expensive than the Sony Xperia XZ. And Sony include some quite expensive headphones if you pre-order it. I dont know how it are in other markets. But I think Sony UK have a similar deal to. Overall I think the Sony basicly are in same level at the other flagships atleast in Europe where the fingerprint sensor working.. (Posts: 3; Member since: 23 Sep 2016). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 11:41. You can adjust Xperia display white balance or temperature as good as iPhone display !!. posted on 23 Sep 2016, 12:24. This phone is better than a certain low quality low class korean phone maker whose phone is exploding left and right. The design of XZ is unique although I would like to see a smaller bazel then again it has front facing stereo speaker so i guess that covers it. Still this design with smaller bazel and slimmer body let's say less than 7mm would be stunning. People should buy this phone over some exploding phones. I think 7 is a good score for this phone.. posted on 23 Sep 2016, 12:36. I wonder when Sony will be serious with their camera. They give the latest sensor tech to their rival whereas they use years old sensor for their own flagship phone. They seriously need to use a new sensor for their flagship phone.. (Posts: 304; Member since: 10 Jan 2014). posted on 27 Sep 2016, 06:06. Major OEM's like Samsung & Apple design their own sensors. As Sony has one of the best foundries to manufacture camera sensors in the world, they opt Sony to produce it. Sony cannot sell these sensors to other vendors like LG, Xiaomi etc neither it can use it in its own phones. Other Sensors like IMX298 which is Sony designed, you can see these in many flagships like One+ 3, Mi5 etc. Also sony designed IMX300 for XZ. There is a difference between design & manufacturing and only Manufacturing... (Posts: 1863; Member since: 30 Jun 2014). posted on 27 Sep 2016, 14:50. in response to #60 Hide. Who told you Apple designs their own sensors? And from what I know sony uses its own sensors in its phones.. (Posts: 2293; Member since: 31 Oct 2011). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 12:30. 7 should be for the international model. The US model should score lower.. (Posts: 686; Member since: 25 Jan 2009). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 12:32. I download full photo check, totally agree with PhoneArena, still can't compare with Samsung, Apple, LG or even HTC. The photos this time is extreme over sharpening, the smudge oil painting issue still there which make details is gone even sharp. The side still blur out like Z5. Really not an improvement and still far behind.. (Posts: 3; Member since: 23 Sep 2016). posted on 24 Sep 2016, 22:19. Just compare it at same resolution dude. Downscale 23Mpx to 16Mpx or 12Mpx and compare it with the other brand. 100% image comparesion is unnecessary because you not use the photo at 100% crop.. (Posts: 8; Member since: 15 Jul 2016). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 13:15. I m not surprise about bad results from xz camera. Same camera aprature will be result in same image quality. Noisy and blur images in xperia phone is papular. Why sony men can not undrestand these simple points? 700 $ for this phone???. (Posts: 10; Member since: 22 Apr 2013). posted on 27 Sep 2016, 14:13. Agree! Many marketing with RGB sensors, laser autofocus, bla-bla-bla, and again crappy blurred edges, black shadows, objects distortion, poor low-light performance... I have not see changes with the old Xperia Z1..) The same crap, for 700$ :((. (Posts: 59; Member since: 15 Sep 2016). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 15:49. Its ok for iPhone not to have quick charge but its a con for Sony to support quick charge but does not provide the charger?. Well, i think PA should change their scoring scheme by having minus marks, esp for the brand that they hate the most, Sony. The should've given -6 score for this phone. XZ is not a perfect phone. But please PA, be professional and give credit where credit is due.. (Posts: 304; Member since: 10 Jan 2014). posted on 27 Sep 2016, 06:32. iPhone 7 - 1900Mah takes 140+ mins to charge its not a Con.. Xperia XZ - 2900Mah takes 170+ mins & its a big Con.. (Posts: 115; Member since: 20 May 2015). posted on 06 Nov 2016, 09:43. Same size as iphone 7+ battery which takes even longer to charge!!!. So i headed over to the iphone review to see if they said anything about the incredibly long charging time on the IP7+. (Posts: 255; Member since: 21 Oct 2015). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 20:57. Price makes it a 7 really. (Posts: 237; Member since: 15 Nov 2012). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 21:07. We all know that phonearena like to praise certain brands, while making a joke of others. And I know that Xperia phones usually aren't the best out there. I've been able to test out many, many phones in these last 5 years, and thoug Sony isn't my favorite brand I haven't been more comfortable with a phone than with the Xperia Z2, even after buying the S7 edge. I don't need an ultra slim or ultra light phone or a curved screen or a ultra pocketable phone. Need a phone that can get or send files, when I'm in a basement with no cellular signal, a phone where I can watch singing lessons and TV series when I'm on the go, a sturdi phone that doesn't feel like it's gona break just by seeing it. iPhones are good phones, but not the tool I need, Galaxys are regular phones (at best, even with this new premium glass-glass design), and not the quality we deserve.. (Posts: 14; Member since: 01 Sep 2015). posted on 23 Sep 2016, 21:27. Expandable storage has been there since sony ericssons'.. So many pros of this phone that should have been mentioned. Only a blind man wouldn't see that you are a bunch of paid reviewers. I now conclude how afraid the competitions are to sony. * Some comments have been hidden, because they don't meet the discussions rules.. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 5.2 inches, 1080 x 1920 pixels (424 ppi) IPS LCD. Size 5.75 x 2.83 x 0.32 inches (146 x 72 x 8.1 mm). Battery 2900 mAh, 11.7 hours talk time. Qualcomm Snapdragon 820, Quad-core, 2150 MHz, Kryo processor 3 GB RAM. $370 Buy. $525 Buy. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Sony Xperia XZ. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Sony Xperia XZ smartphone was launched in September 2016. The phone comes with a 5.20-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. Sony Xperia XZ price in India starts from Rs. The Sony Xperia XZ is powered by 1.6GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 200GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Sony Xperia XZ packs a 23-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 13-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Sony Xperia XZ runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 2900mAh non removable battery. It measures 146.00 x 72.00 x 8.10 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 161.00 grams. The Sony Xperia XZ is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. REVIEW KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Great build quality Excellent performance Good camera Bad Expensive Heats up while recording video. Read detailed Sony Xperia XZ review. Sony Xperia XZ, Xperia XZs, Xperia X Performance Now Receiving Android 8.0 Oreo Update. Sony Xperia XZ, Xperia X Performance Start Receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update. Sony Xperia XZ Price Cut in India, Now Available at Rs. Sony Xperia X Performance, Xperia XZ Android 7.0 Nougat Update Now Rolling Out. More Sony mobiles Sony mobiles price in India. Sony Xperia XZ Price in India Xperia XZ (Platinum, 64GB) Rs. 37,390 Xperia XZ (Blue, 64GB) Rs. 39,990 Xperia XZ (Mineral Black, 64GB) Rs. Release date September 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 146.00 x 72.00 x 8.10 Weight (g) 161.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2900 Removable battery No Colours Mineral Black, Platinum, Forest Blue. Screen size (inches) 5.20 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor 1.6GHz quad-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 RAM 3GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 200. Rear camera 23-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 13-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Sony Xperia XZ. 4.1 Out of 5. 5 Star 7 4 Star 5 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star 2. Displaying review(s) 1- 5 of 7 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. xperia xz is best mobile i ever see. By Chiranjeet Bhattacharya | 1 Mar 2017. Surb quality and excellent in every where for ex in camera and processor make. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. By laraib d great | 12 Sep 2016. Best smartphone in the world....nyc screen display although no blizzyness is there.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. By John Rey Abitria | 9 Sep 2016. As premium as the new Apple iPhone 7, Sony Xperia XZ has more usable features than other premium smartphones.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 8 out of 8 people found this review helpful. By Allen Job | 8 Sep 2016. The steady shot camera is very attactive to this device. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 4 out of 4 people found this review helpful. By abhik gadhia | 20 Sep 2016. When is it la launching in India and what price. I heard battery life is avg ? Is it true?. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. Sony Xperia XZ, Xperia XZs, Xperia X Performance Now Receiving Android 8.0 Oreo Update. Sony Xperia XZ, Xperia X Performance Start Receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update. Sony Xperia XZ Price Cut in India, Now Available at Rs. Sony Xperia X Performance, Xperia XZ Android 7.0 Nougat Update Now Rolling Out. Sony Xperia XZ Goes on Sale in India at Rs. Sony Xperia XZ Launched in India: Price, Specifications, Release Date, and More. Sony Xperia XZ, Xperia X Compact Launched at IFA 2016. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact Sony Xperia XZ2 Sony Xperia L2 Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Sony Xperia XA2 Sony Xperia R1 Plus Sony Xperia R1 Sony Xperia XA1 Plus Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact Sony Xperia XZ1 Sony Xperia L1 Sony Xperia XA1 Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Sony Xperia XZs Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony Xperia X Compact Sony Xperia E5 Dual Sony Xperia E5 Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia X Dual Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Dual Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia XA Dual Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia Z5 Dual Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual Sony Xperia M5 Dual. Htc Desire 10 Pro vs. Sony Xperia Xz Sony Xperia Xz vs. Sony Xperia Z5 Dual vs. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact vs. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Dual Sony Xperia Xa1 vs. Sony Xperia Xz Apple iPhone 7 vs. Motorola Moto Z Play vs. Huawei Google Nexus 6p Sony Xperia Xz vs. Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime 4g Sony Xperia Xz vs. Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Xz vs. Samsung Galaxy C7 Sony Xperia Xz vs. Huawei Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy On7 2016 vs. Acer Liquid Z6 Plus vs. Apple iPhone Se Sony Xperia Xzs vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Redmi Note 5 Sale, Galaxy S9 Price & Specs Leak, and More News This Week Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC Nokia MWC 2018 Press Conference: How to Watch Live Stream. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Sony Xperia XZ in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. Sony's Xperia XZ flashes its 23-megapixel camera (hands-on). The latest flagship plays to Sony's strengths with waterproofing and a lot of camera potential.. by September 1, 2016 4:15 AM PDT. This Sony Xperia XZ is a sliver of silver. Sony's Xperia XZ and X Compact stand up for themselves. Cameras are Sony's strength, so we took note when its Xperia XZ appeared with a 23-megapixel rear shooter and a 13-megapixel selfie cam. Partly because of the cameras, partly because of its metal build and partly because of the current Qualcomm 820 chipset, Sony considers the Xperia XZ a flagship phone of the X series. And so far it seems to mostly fit there, as far as the specs list goes -- especially compared to the tiny, plastic Xperia X Compact that shares the same megapixel-heavy rear camera. (That phone might well wind up being the better buy for casual users.). This Sony Xperia XZ is a sliver of silver. At 5.2 inches, the screen's a little smaller than some, which makes the body easier to maneuver with one hand. The resolution and battery capacity are a little lower, too. An IP68 rating makes the Xperia XZ -- named for its a stylistic cross between the Xperia Z and Xperia X Performance -- submergible in 5 feet of water for up to 30 minutes.. I didn't get a whole lot of quality time with the camera in our hands-on briefing, so it's too soon to comment on image quality. But the camera is easy to operate with both tap and swipe controls, and there are plenty of filters. Lasers help with autofocus and an RGBC sensor promises to punch up lowlight scenes. More exacting photographers will find a manual mode.. Lenovo Yoga Book has a keyboard that doubles as a Wacom.... My complaint with Sony is that it (illogically) insists on turning off the fingerprint reader in the US. Globally, though, the power button that doubles as a fingerprint reader works quickly and accurately on other phones we've tested, like the Xperia X from earlier this year. Anyone Stateside who buys the US version of the XZ (or any other Sony phone) will have to do without that common security measure.. The Xperia XZ starts selling October in the US. We'll update with global pricing and availability as soon we have it.. IFA 2016: All of the gadgets from Europe's biggest tech show. Sony Xperia XZ (Forest Blue, 32GB). Sony Xperia XZ (Mineral Black, 64GB). Sony Xperia XZ (Forest Blue, 64GB). Sony Xperia XZ (Mineral Black, 32 GB). CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Oct 2, 2016. View all photos (54). Click to read the full review. Based on 6 User reviews. The Sony Xperia XZ is the flagship of the Xperia X series, and is most probably Sony's best Android phone to date. As such, it combines top-notch hardware and refined software in a premium-grade package, all with the familiar, yet distinct style Sony's handsets are known for. The build material of choice, named Alkaleido, provides durability and style. On the hardware side of things, a high-end Snapdragon chip delivers plenty of processing power. And the camera combines Sony's latest technologies for superior detail, color accuracy, and focusing precision.. Sony Xperia XZ Review Sony Xperia XZ manual Sony Xperia XZ benchmarks. OS: Android (8.0, 7.1, 7.0, 6.0). Dimensions: 5.75 x 2.83 x 0.32 inches (146 x 72 x 8.1 mm). Weight: 5.68 oz (161 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). IP certified - The IP code indicates the degree of protection against dust and water. The first number represents dust protection, while the second represents water protection. In IP67, for example, 6 means a completely dust-tight device, while 7 means the device can stay immersed in up to 1 meter of water for up to 30 minutes. In IP68, a higher level of water protection is expected, but exact numbers aren't specified: both depth and continuance are specified by the manufacturer on per device basis.. Display Physical size: 5.2 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 4), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Autofocus (Laser, Phase detection). Software Features: Manual focus, Object tracking, Digital image stabilization, Smile detection, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Scenes. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (60 fps). Features: Time-lapse video, Object tracking, Digital image stabilization, Video calling, Video sharing. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Focal length (35mm equivalent) - The lower (shorter) the focal length number, the wider the shot will be. Conversely, longer focal length cameras produce narrower frames, which can be used for telephoto (zoomed-in) purposes.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Quad-core, 2150 MHz, Kryo, 64-bit, 14 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 11.70 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 25.0 days (600 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 17.50 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 25.4 days (610 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Stand-by time (4G): 24.6 days (590 hours) the average is 23 days (549 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: DLNA, Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 800, 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 19, 20, 26, 28, 29. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. Data: LTE-A Cat 9 (450/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Barometer, Step detector, Step counter. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 01 Sep 2016. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Sony F8331 , Sony F8332. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. Sony Xperia XZ Dual (Model F8332). Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Multiple SIM cards: 2 slots, Shared with microSD. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Sony Xperia XZ specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $370 Buy. $525 Buy. Deal: Sony's 2016 Xperia XZ flagship (US variant) is down to $300, the lowest price to date!. Sony Xperia XZ and XZs receiving Android 8.0 Oreo update. Deal: Save $70 on the unlocked Sony Xperia XZ at B&H. Deal: Unlocked Sony Xperia XZ drops to just $315 on Amazon and B&H. Deal: Sony Xperia XZ (US variant) now costs $399. Users complain about Xperia XZs and XZ Premium camera distortion, Sony responds. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. sony xperia x10 unlocked sony xperia z. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for sony xperia xz. Save sony xperia xz to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow sony xperia xz to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Sony XPERIA XZ Premium Dual G8142 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.46" Black Chrome Red Pink. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Sony XPERIA XZ1 Compact G8441 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 4.6" HD Black Blue Pink Silver. Sony Xperia Pouch Jeans Faux Leather Cover Accessories Case. For Xperia XZ/XZs Case | Ringke [FUSION] Transparent Shockproof Protective Cover. New Unlocked Sony Xperia Z3 D6603 16GB 5.2" 20.7MP NFC Android Smartphone Black. 25 new & refurbished from $126.99. Sony XPERIA XZ Premium Dual G8142 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.46" Black 1025-34. SONY XPERIA XZ F8331 32GB 4GB RAM 4G/LTE FACTORY UNLOCKED Android Smartphone. Unlocked 5.2“ Sony Ericsson Xperia Z3 D6603 4G LTE 20.7MP 16GB Cellphone New. Sony XPERIA XZ Dual Sim F8332 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB - Platinum Black Blue Pink. Sony XPERIA XZ1 Dual G8342 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.2" FHD Black Blue Pink Silver. Sony Xperia XZ 5.2" Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Black. Brand New in Box Sony Xperia Z3 D6603 16/32GB (Unlocked) Smartphone. 7 new & refurbished from $155.40. For Sony Xperia XZ F8331 / XZs 5.2" TPU Slim Gel Silicone Rubber BACK Case Cover. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact Case TPU Case Carbon Fiber Cover Blue NEW. (Unlocked) Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact G8441 32GB Black - FastShip. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact, G8441, Unlocked, 32GB, Black +FREE SHIPPING. Sony XPERIA XZ Dual Sim F8332 64GB 5.2"Smartphone. New Sony Xperia XZ Premium G8142 64GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Chrome Silver. 2 new & refurbished from $530.00. Sony XPERIA XZ Premium G8142 4G LTE 64GB Cell Phone (Unlocked) Deepsea Black. 1 new & refurbished from $419.00. Unlocked New Original Sony Xperia Z3 D6603 16GB 5.2" 20.7MP GPS Smartphone White. 19 new & refurbished from $126.99. Sony Xperia Z3 D6603 D6633 Unlocked 5.2" 4G/3G Quad-Core 3GB+32GB 20.7MP WIFI. 25 new & refurbished from $126.99. for Sony Xperia XZ Dual F8332 5.2" Replacement Black LCD w/ Touch Screen ZVLQ458. Black LCD Display w/ Touch Screen + Tools for Sony Xperia XZ F8331 F8332 ZVLQ458. New Sony Xperia XZ1 G8342 64GB Dual Sim 4G LTE Factory Unlocked - Silver. 4 new & refurbished from $495.00. Sony - XPERIA XZ1 Compact 4G LTE with 32GB Memory Cell Phone (Unlocked) G8441. 2 new & refurbished from $229.00. Brand New Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact G8441 32GB FACTORY UNLOCKED - Silver. 2 new & refurbished from $449.00. Sony Xperia XZ F8331 32GB GSM 4G LTE Quad-Core w/ 23MP BLUE Camera 9/10. Open Box Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact G8441 - 32GB LTE Factory Unlocked Smartphone. Sony XPERIA XZ Premium 4G LTE 64GB SmartPhone (Unlocked) Deepsea Black G8142. 1 new & refurbished from $419.00. SONY XPERIA XZ G8142 DUAL SIM 64GB CHROME/BLACK FACTORY UNLOCKED SMARTPHONE. SONY XPERIA XZ1 DUAL G8342 DUAL SIM 64GB BLACK/BLUE/PIN K/SILVER FACTORY UNLOCKED. SONY XPERIA XZ1 COMPACT G8441 32GB BLACK/BLUE/WHI TE/SILVER FACTORY UNLOCKED. Sony Xperia XZ Premium G8142 64GB Unlocked GSM Octa-Core Android Phone - Black. 4 new & refurbished from $514.99. SONY XPERIA XZ F8332 DS 64GB DUAL SIM BLACK/BLUE/SIL VER/PINK FACTORY UNLOCKED. Copper 5.2'' Sony Ericssion Xperia Z3 D6603 - LTE 16GB Mobile Phone - Unlocked. 2 new & refurbished from AU $196.39. USA LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer For Sony Xperia XZ 601SO F8331 F8332 Blue. Nillkin Case for Sony Xperia XZ XZS PC Hard Matte Back Cover for Xperia XZ Dual. OPEN BOX - Sony XPERIA XZ Premium Dual G8142 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" Chrome. SONY XPERIA XZ F8332 DS PLATINUM SILVER DUAL SIM 4G LTE 64GB SMARTPHONE. Sony XPERIA Z3 3+16GB 20.7MP 5.2" Quad-core Android Cell phone 4G LTE Unlocked. 25 new & refurbished from $126.99. OPEN BOX - Sony XPERIA XZ Premium Dual G8142 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.5" Chrome. 4 new & refurbished from $514.99. SONY XPERIA XZ F8332 PINK DUAL SIM 4G LTE 64GB SMARTPHONE. 4 Colors! Sony Ericssion XPERIA Z3 Compact D5803 -16GB- 4G Cellphone - Unlocked. 14 new & refurbished from $123.99. OPEN BOX - Sony XPERIA XZ1 Dual G8342 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.2" FHD Black. Sony Xperia Z3 D6633 Dual SIM 16GB (Unlocked) Smartphone 5.2'' IPS FROM USA. 25 new & refurbished from $126.99. OPEN BOX - Sony XPERIA XZ Dual Sim F8332 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 64GB - Black. 1 new & refurbished from $396.99. Sony Xperia Z3 Android Unlocked Smartphone 5.2''. 19 new & refurbished from $126.99. OPEN BOX - Sony XPERIA XZ1 Compact G8441 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 4.6" HD Silver. "Rooted" Sony Xperia XZ F8331, 32GB, Unlocked, Forest Blue. Brand New Sony Xperia XZ Premium G8142 64GB Dual 4G Factory Unlocked - Rosso Red. 2 new & refurbished from $529.00. OPEN BOX - Sony XPERIA XZ1 Compact G8441 (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 4.6" HD Black. New Sony Xperia XZ Premium G8142 64GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Deepsea Black. 2 new & refurbished from $529.00. EUC Sony Xperia XZ US Version Unlocked Platinum 32GB - AMAZING CONDITION. New Sony Xperia XZ F8332 64GB 3GB Ram 23MP Dual Sim+Gift. 1 new & refurbished from $396.99. New Sony Xperia XZ Premium G8142 64GB Dual Sim Factory Unlocked - Bronze Pink. 2 new & refurbished from $530.00. New in Box Sony Xperia Z3 D6653 - 16GB (Unlocked) Smartphone ALL COLORS. 25 new & refurbished from $126.99. Sony Xperia XZ Premium Dual Sim G8142 64GB 19MP 4K HDR Phone New+Gift. Sony Xperia XZ XZS Leather Case Cover Genuine Accessories Back Black. Sony Xperia XZ Premium Screen Protector | Ringke [Full Coverage] [2 Pack] Film. ✤ in Stock ✤ Worldwide Shipping ✤ USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Worldwide Shipping ✤ USA Seller ✤. IN-STOCK✔ RINGKE® OFFICIAL✔ FREE SHIPPING✔ BEST SELLER✔. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Worldwide Shipping ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ Worldwide Shipping ✤ USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. 1-3 Days Priority Available + US LOCATION. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. NO-RUSH 14 DAYS SHIPPING ONLY! US LOCATION!. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Sign up for our weekly newsletter!. News Reviews Articles Buying Guide Sample Images Videos Cameras Lenses Phones Printers Forums Galleries Challenges. Help DPReview: Take our visitor survey!. Sony IMX300 1/2.3” 23MP BSI CMOS sensor. AF with on-sensor phase detection and laser-assistance. 13MP front camera, F2.0, 22mm equivalent focal length. The Xperia XZ is the top-of-the-line model in Sony's Xperia X series and comes with some of the latest technologies implemented in its camera module. A Sony IMX300 1/2.3” 23MP image sensor with on-sensor phase detection is accompanied by a laser that measures distance to its subject to improve AF speed and accuracy in low light. Also on board is an RGBC-IR sensor that measures the color values of a scene in order to fine-tune the white balance system. The hybrid AF-system is also predictive and can track subjects in motion.. The Sony G lens comes with a 24mm equivalent focal length and an F2.0 aperture. In video mode, the camera can record footage in 4K resolution and the Xperia XZ is also the first device on which Sony has implemented 5-axis electronic video stabilization. At the front there is a 13MP 1/3" sensor with F2.0 aperture and 1080p video – specifications that would have been worthy of a main camera not too long ago.. Processor and other components match the high-end characteristics of the camera and all the technology is wrapped up in an 8.1mm thin metal body that is water and dust tight (IP65/68). The Sony is also one of only a few smartphones to come with a dedicated camera button, making it an interesting option for any photography-oriented user.. DPReview smartphone reviews are written with the needs of photographers in mind. We focus on camera features, performance, and image quality.. Tags: review , mobile , android , sony. Sony Xperia XZ results on Amazon.com. Sony Xperia XZ F8332 64GB Forest Blue, 5.2", Dual Sim, GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty $370.00 Shop now Sony Xperia XZ Premium - Unlocked Smartphone - 5.5", 64GB - Dual SIM - Deepsea Black (US Warranty) $599.99 Shop now Sony Xperia XZ - Unlocked Smartphone - 32GB - Forest Blue (US Warranty) $575.00 Shop now Sony Xperia XZ Premium G8142 64GB Deepsea Black, Dual Sim, 5.5", GSM Unlocked International Model, No Warranty $529.51 Shop now Sony Xperia XZs - Unlocked Smartphone - 64GB - Dual SIM - Ice Blue (US Warranty) $396.70 Shop now. The Quick Charge 3.0 is now practically unrenounceable in a high-end mobile, although in this section Sony disappoints. Almost half an hour is taken to charge 50% of your battery and almost two and a half for a full charge, rather more than desirable. In addition the company does not include the charger needed for fast charging in the mobile package.. With normal use, social networks and messaging applications, its autonomy does not suffer deterioration. Not so if you use certain applications, such as the camera. In just half an hour taking pictures, the battery is left up to 30% of its capacity. Be very careful when leaving home without a charger on top.. Good phone but LG G5 is better for me.. The entire Verizon website is one big Apple advertisement. Same old Sony problem, artifact, noise, halo on edge on all of Sony phone. Thats why I stay away from any Sony mobile phone. It looks awful even I have seen sample post of Sony Xperia picture on facebook and it just still look awful. It is nice colours but lots of detail are lost due to artifact, noise and halo including zig zag on edge.. I just cant stand cameras with the lens in the corner. It is not credible that the XZ has less qualification than the Z5. accurate colorful pics if you don't pixel peep. what more can you ask from a tiny phone camera?. this sony has a class even though not much bells and whistles.. I've got a feeling the average user will be quite satisfied with the quality of the pictures at the sizes they use them at. Probably only us photographer types who will want anything more.. How come Samsung S7 is not available in the compare mode? Actually, was the S7 reviewed at all?. The S7 is in the comparison tool but we could not do a full review because Samsung has not been capable of providing a test unit. Hopefully that'll be different for the S8.. OK, thanks for the clarification; I'm going to check the comparison tool again. It's a shame that a S7 wasn't available for a full review being that it was one of the biggest cellphone releases in 2016.. I am using Xperia Z1 and iPhone. I like Z1 in terms of its simplicity and camera qulaity. now looking for exchange offer to replace Z1 with XZ. Yikes! Sony needs it's big boy camera engineers to fix the horrid processing algorithms in the Xperia line. What a letdown after all the great image quality of the company's other camera ventures. Other smartphones makers using Sony sensors do a better job. What is going on here is beyond reason and Sony should be ashamed. Aargh! IQ is horrid, over-processed junk (even at base iso) detail is just GONE when looking at 100%. Cant believe the Sony with some of the best sensor tech in the world cannot sort out their processing... The XZ is actually a little worse than iPhone 7 at 100%, the iPhone 7's IQ is also pretty shocking, long gone is Apple's natural processing, just watery/waxy stuff, but the XZ is actually a little worse! Just look at the photo of the rose at 100%, no detail at all, just fuzzy gunk.... you have to take into account that the Sony's pixel count is much higher than most other phones, including the iPhone. Downsized to the 12MP size of most other high-end phones' images the difference will be much less obvious...but it's still there.... Even when downsized to 8 or 12mp it still looks poor compared to other smartphones of that size.. I desperately wanted it to be my daily driver but as was pointed out, it's too slow at processing pictures and lags too far behind so many other viable options. 3GB isn't enough RAM to process the pictures. Hard to be a flagship this day and age and compete with those kind of numbers. Another thing due to the lack of RAM is that it only keeps a handful of Apps open at a time. And when you do go to access all your recent apps, 9 times out of 10 you'll mistakenly hit the "close all" tab. Kind of pathetic and terribly frustrating. My V10 will keep countless apps open and won't skip a beat. It takes marvelous still shots in proper light. Was really hoping Sony could step up. Given the poor low-light ability and the sensor's tendency to produce noise and grain in even the slightest of challenging conditions, I believe the 78% rating is generous. Apart from the physical shutter button and great battery life, this phone offers nothing camera-wise over competing devices in this price category.. People are judging the pics wrong. Resized to 6MP they're as good for detail as an iphone (albeit with blown highlights). Even the higher ISO pics are ok. At a height of 1600 (retina on some smaller imacs), they look fine.. Unless you're using one of the specialised phones, no photographer with good sense should be taking pics at full resolution.. The Sony Z5 was an unmitigated disaster, but this one is acceptable when resized to something sensible.. The real test is what the lower MP settings produce. But the gallery doesn't show that. I'm resizing with a good resizer and not adding in sharpening or noise reduction.. Even smaller than the size you suggest and the photos still look poor. The fine detail still looks smeared. The photos might look fine to you but to many they are unacceptable.. Except in the corners, they look about the same as from an iPhone. What you or I think is acceptable is another matter.. If the images look "fine" at screen size is entirely subjective but on the 1920 x 1200 monitor that I am using lens softness and loss of detail at higher ISOs is clearly visible...and more so than on Google Pixel, Galaxy S7, Huawei P9 etc..... And Google Pixel has an awesome camera.. But I was comparing to the iphone, which is good enough.. Agree with Lars, the Google Pixel, S7 and P9 are way less processed than the XZ, even the iPhone 7 with its waxy looking IQ at 100% is slightly better that the XZ, but I doubt the XZ will be in the top 10 flagships for iQ, the iPhone 7 may sneak in at 8 or 9 but that just cos its an Apple, but Apple have definitely lost the plot with their processing and NR of late. I love my iPhone 7 but my P9+ blows it away in terms of IQ!. I have a Lumia 950 and it's 19MP images are light years ahead in quality. Sony has no excuse and you shouldn't have to drop resolution for good image processing quality.. the Lumia 930, 950 and 950XL easily have the best IQ compared to flagships today, pity about the OS which is dying a slow death, and the lack of apps. I actually enjoyed my 930 but got frustrated at basic apps (that I need) not being available, but yes IQ easily the most natural looking IQ, not sure why Sony and Apple have lost the plot so badly i.t.o processing and heavy handed NR???. Even my cheapo Alcatel 4 6" (4G version) has a front flash/LED. Why did they skimp on that?. Same as Samsung they use aggressive noise reduction as well, Sony isn't the only one really and oh Canon does use aggressive sharpness in canon images as well.. The endless problem of Sony ... but pretty much synonymous with all Sony smartphones.... 20 MP images look absolutely amazing on phones like Mocrosoft's Lumia 950 / XL ... Its just that Sony's image quality has systematically deteriorated over the years... that useless G lens isn't exactly doing Sony any favors either.... Sony desperately need to fire all people involved with their smartphone camera imaging division and hire anyone else... Since Nikon's laying off 1000 employees - Now would be a opportune moment to capitalize upon it and hire them...!. Even cheap Chinese phone manufacturers put Sony to shame where camera IQ is concerned...!. Does US version have fingerprint reader? I heard it's a big let down because sony excluding that feature. I had one of the new Sony Z supercrap! My old Sony Ultra is much, much better.. My Sony Xperia M4 Aqua takes better photos than this! A £200 phone! These photos are overprocessed mess. 20+ MP on a sensor this size is not practical. Didn't people think 16MP was the limit for M4/3? Shame on you Sony, and you're meaningless marketing. Here is my phones sample https://www.flickr.com/photos/124653923@N04/31202710766/in/dateposted/. It is good value for money... Unlike OLYMPUS, and leicas and Lunars aaarrghh!. Once again a potentially very good phone, ruined by the terrible image processing!. Funny thing is that Sony sells the same sensors to other manufacturers and virtually all of them have better images on the output. There is just something wrong with Sony processing, especially in flagships, more affordable versions seem to have more natural looking photos.. Based on the samples presented, this phone produces incredibly poor video. The so-called 1080P video doesn't live up to good 720P real-world resolution and in fact looks more like very good 16:9 480P. The 4K quality is a joke.. disappointing to say the least But what do we expect from a Mobil phone. @Sonyshine - Thanks for your input. We're all refreshed and challenged by your unique point of view.. This wouldn't even qualify as a good $300 P&S which means these people are paying an extra $700 just to make a phone call.... @Nick : I found the joke funny, lighten up buddy.. Who cares about this phone camera crap? FBI? CIA? FSB? Mossad? Free and detailed info. about our private life and photos of everything?. I have seen 4 MP photos with better overall quality than what this 23 MP camera puts out. Silly engineers marketing silly stuff to silly consumers.. +1 because a 4 MP sensor is usually 1/1.8" back into that day then, and thus the photosites (pixelpitch) much bigger than 23 MP onto a way small 1/2.3" sensor...even BSI tech (backside illuminated) doesn't help here...it's just too many MP. Sony should have done a 12 MP sensor with that size - IQ would have been much better. Or even better: 10 to max 12 MP onto a 1/1.7" Sensor into their Flagship Smartphones - as it was standard on Enthusiast Digicams before the Sony RX100 came to life with it's (in comparsion) huge 1" Sensor. Such a great company on the forefront of imaging, continuously doing such below the average mobile/imaging products. I cant understand this business strategy! Sony can do so much better, even if they dont even try hard... Agreed! Pity too because I have handled this phone and the body shape / build quality and Android experience are lovely. I got a Samsung S7 and the camera is as fast as my Panasonic GX8 was at focusing, and it does low light well too.. @MrTaikitso agreed, very nice phone in general use and just feels nice in the hand. Camera is not terrible either, just not as good as some of the others right now..... I still find it surprising that some of the flagship phone models don't have DNG raw output.. Especially considering it's available in camera API 2.0 in Android.. Not even just picking on Sony here, Motorola is the same.. The Moto Z phones can do Raw, can't they? I need to fire one up and double-check :) Sony actually told me they think nobody is going to use the feature on a smartphone which is why they don't offer it.. I guess it's like lossless raw compression then according to Sony ;). the Moto Z can save DNG. well damn Lars, you just complicated my decision making.. even though I do think the LG G5 and UWA just makes so much sense. but being able to customize and build your own Moto is just way too cool.. it seems to be a little more complicated .. moto z play does mot have DNG. I think Sony's the last holdout then for RAW?. well, yes, among the big manufacturers they are. I am not quite sure why. Raw is supported by the OS, so implementing it can't be that much trouble.. if I recall wasn't it hardware dependent on if the camera could support camera API 2.0? or was it simply firmware "hal" implementation?. For a company that leads the way in Sensor design and engineering and most recently also doing a remarkable job in high-end lens construction, I am continuously appalled how throughout the years ALL of Sony phones have so lavishly horrendous sensors, lenses and software. Every single phone from Sony is follow-up disaster of low performing sensors, soft optics and disastrous camera apps. How Sony's mobile division manages to survive is a grand awe-inspiring mystery to me... Ironic since Sony makes the sensors in the best smarphone cameras such as Google pixel, Iphone 7.. Alex, I was just writing a follow up comment when you replied before I was finished.. Indeed, the TRULY MOST ASTONISHING THING about all this is that ALL best camera phones in the market have Sony sensors/optical blocks! ALL! From the iPhone to most of the best imaging performing Chinese phones to the Google Pixel! So why Sony provides the market with top-performing mobile imaging hardware, yet on their branded own phones they use just about the worse? I cant reason this no matter how hard I think about it. I'm sure (I dearly hope) that the design/management team at Sony Mobile division, has NOTHING to do with Sony's other imaging divisions, because it looks like a different company.. Stop making phones all-together and just go make a deal with a Chinese-made mobile brand featuring one of your good sensors and re-brand it as a Sony! Easy fix and awesome profit margins since as a "Sony" they can sell it at quadruple the price of the original hardware:). "Every single phone from Sony is follow-up disaster of low performing sensors". That's why Z5 and then X Performance were on top of DxOMark mobile chart: https://www.dxomark.com/Mobiles Now on 2nd and 3rd places since Google Pixel was released. I still own old Z3 Compact. While its camera is nothing special, it can give good results if you adjust settings manually.. DxOMark is the greatest joke in the world of photography.. You shouldn't have to adjust any settings on a mobile phone camera. I still want a 1" Sensor (say 12, 16 or max 20 MP like into the RX100 Series or their clones) like the Panasonic Lumix CM-1 into a Smartphone Flagship, RAW of course. ;-) No other brand had done this like Panasonic, so Kudos to them. Why can't even Sony do this? They do have the expertise, R&D to-do so...i can't understand it. They're quite good with thir APS-C & FF eMount Mirrorless, but they do really suck into their Smartphone Camera Department - because they do seem to follow the Maxime "more MP is better..." but nowadays, 2016, even the dumbest Consumer might get a clue, that 23 MP onto a 1/2.3" Sensor might be too much...and 12 MP would have been way much better...on this Sensorsize..... Unfotunately the DMC CM1 didn't sell very well. Perhaps a 1" sensor is just too much camera to stick in a phone. Maybe resurrect the old 1/1.7 "premium subcompact" sensor size?. "DxOMark is the greatest joke in the world of photography.". And that's exactly why you come to DPReview, which has a partnership with DxOMark - to get a daily portion of jokes.. I specifically replied to "low performing sensor" phrase. Say what you want about DxO, but Sony wouldn't have been dominating smartphone sensor market with low quality products.. the CM1 was a great idea totally wasted by extremely poor design, horrible software, under-powered software & an absurd price to match. To start off with the lens quality was NOT up to par to the sensor & should have been a 2 or 3 x zoom (at least) instead. The camera app & software was mediocre and Panasonic abandoned the device at launch & left everyone without an upgrade path to the native apps or an upgrade to the Android OS version.. Next was the fact the Snapdragon chipset used was already an older generation & largely underpowered for the phone's goals, ending up in dreadfully slow operation & processing of 20MP files & with ridiculous claims such as 4K video when in fact it could only record at very low bit rates & 15 frames per second, which is both useless & laughable. Now, put a price tag of almost 1000 bucks to this mobile disaster & only a few hopefuls like me (not expecting the worse) ended up buying it.. No micksh6, I dont come to DPReview, which has a partnership with DxOMark to get a daily portion of jokes. I come to DPReview to listen to you:). Zoom, is it possible size constraints limited the quality of the lens? Put in a 2-3x zoom and you'd get an rx100 size cameraphone?. @Alex Permit that's exactly what i suggested a long time ago, and written often. ;-) It'll be great, with max 12 MP.. @Alex permit, the iPhone 7 IQ is not far behind the XZ! heavy handed NR and over-processing kills detail even at base iso, see here. scroll to post #15 with the crops https://www.dpreview.com/forums/thread/4053865 iPhone 7 is horrid, maybe its using the Sony processing not just the Sony sensor?. Apple does support DNG, and you can get pretty good results with that. Unfortunately Sony does not support raw, so no way to improve it. "Smeared detail, luminance noise and artifacts at base ISO" -DPR. Who needs a stand-alone camera, when you use this instead? :-). Imaging should be a Sony strength not a weakness. It will be interesting to see who is still making smartphones in five years time: Apple, Samsung, Huwaei.....and...... chinese companies like Xiaomi, Oppo plus of course Google.. What I don't understand is why this new, top of the line, phone comes with Android 6. I'm assuming that's not a typo. How long has it been since 7 came out? And how long since 7.1 came out? And this comes with 6?. This shows a major fault with Android devices. Why does a brand new phone come with an OS version that's over, what, a year old, or more? Will this get an update to 7?. This also shows why going this high resolution route is the wrong direction. So, sure, in a few cases, the 23MP sensor delivers more detail. But in most cases, it delivers less detail than 12MP sensors do. Sony would have been better off in using a 12MP sensor with much larger sensing sites. That way, they could have used much less noise reduction, for higher resolution in most pictures.. Optical stabilization would have made a major improvement as well, but Sony is committed to using sensor stabilization on its cameras, so I guess they'll continue to use it here as well.. Android 7.0 Nougat was released August 22. While the new Google Pixel phones ran Android 7.1 out of the box, thats not the case for other phones. For reference, the first Galaxy beta Nougat firmware arrived for the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge on November 9.. Video looks good, even in low light.. Photos in low light are lacking.. I've stopped reading after "1/2.3” 23MP".... Images full of artifacts, they definitely need downscaling to look good.. Only 2,900mAh battery for such a strong hardwear. Even the cheapest china phone have today 3.500-4.000mah.. It employs new revolutionary battery saving tech or something. battery life is actually quite good, had no trouble getting through the day without charging.. And you call that '' one day without charging, quite good''?? I have the Sony C4 for one week, and i am ready to send it buck because of the same behavior. My daughter have one Xiaomi redmi pro with 4.000mah battery which is only 10 grams heavier and with really intensive use can keep up to 2-2,5 days... I used the Redmi Pro for a while and could not get 2 days out of it, it all depends on the definition of "intense use" I guess ;) Personally, a day is all I need. When I go to bed I have no problem with charging the phone overnight. However, i Don't won't to be out in the evening and have to worry that my phone might die...unfortunately that is still happening with some phones.... C4 doesn't use that new battery saving tech.. Whatever any one meen '' intense use'' if they apply to both phones they take double time with Xiaomi over Sony. So if Xiaomi is one day only for you then SONY is Half day and etc.. And yes, Sony C4 use the same new STAMINA mode come with the new version 6 android, and i don't see any improvement. It's not bad phones but i wait the best out of it, special for SONY, which is suppose class leading manufacturer. If china phones can put 4.000mah battery in their phones, with only 20 grams to weight, why SONY can't??. Most of other brands' flagships outperform the XZ easily. How is it possible that they provide those companies with their sensor technology and they can't master its performance in their own products?. Like I said with the Iphone 7: 700 bucks for a "Jack of all trades, master of none" gadget :P.... The iphone 7 is a much better phone in most every way.. It may be but it continues to be the a"Jack of all trades,master of none" These are high tech gadgets at a high price to show off, no more and no less and the sooner we accept they are elements of vanity the better.. I mean spending 700 bucks on a phone... be it Apple or Android, it is stupid.. "I mean spending 700 bucks on a phone... be it Apple or Android, it is stupid." For you, perhaps...not for many of us. I love having a hotrod phone.. If there were still any phones like the N8/808 that used decent sensors I would still be buying phones based on their cameras. Apart from the Panasonic CM1 there aren't and that very expensive example (last I saw that was £600 new!) there aren't any others so I'm using a cheap old 5s until someone does something decent again. The poor camera and storage on this just encourages me further to make sure I have one of my proper cameras on me.. Impressive amount of NR going on even at ISO80 and in bright parts of the images. Maybe it's my taste but Samsung, Motorola, Google, LG...they all do much better with Sony's sensors.. Whilst the 1/2.3" sensor is reviled in camera circles everyone knows putting a radio transceiver next to it produces a complete substitute for any sort of camera.. to be fair, none of the companies you mention, apart form Motorola, have been using Sony's 20+ MP sensors in a while. Seems like 12 is regarded as a good balance by most.. This teardown show the picture of the camera sensors, but donot the part number of the camera http://www.laptopmain.com/sony-xperia-xz-teardown/. Sony Xperia XZ scores 87 in DxOMark Mobile testing. Sony announces Xperia XZ flagship device with triple-sensor camera. Tokina unveils the FíRIN 20mm F2.0 FE AF autofocus lens for Sony E-Mount. Nokia 8 Sirocco features 2x optical zoom and Carl Zeiss optics. Canon EOS M50 first impressions review. Canon's new entry level mirrorless camera has 4K, expanded Dual Pixel AF coverage and improved connectivity. We've taken an in-depth look at what's new and promising – and where it comes up short.. first impressions Feb 15, 2018 at 05:00. The Fujifilm X-H1 is a top-of-the-range 24MP mirrorless camera with in-body stabilization and the company's most advanced array of video capabilities. We've been shooting with one for a while now and have put together a gallery, a sample video and some preliminary analysis.. Panasonic Lumix DC-GX9 First Impressions Review and Sample Gallery. first impressions Feb 13, 2018 at 13:00. Panasonic's Lumix DC-GX9 is a rangefinder-style mirrorless camera that offers quite a few upgrades over its predecessor, with a lower price tag to boot. We've spent the weekend with the GX9 and have plenty of thoughts to share, along with an initial set of sample photos.. Panasonic Lumix DC-ZS200/TZ200: First Impressions Review. first impressions Feb 13, 2018 at 13:00. Panasonic's new premium compact boasts a 24-360mm equiv. F3.3-6.4 zoom lens, making it the longest reaching 1"-type pocket camera on the market. We spent a little time with it; read our first impressions.. Review: Google Pixel 2 is the best smartphone for stills photographers. review Feb 12, 2018 at 14:00. The Pixel 2 pushes the envelope in terms of what can be accomplished with computational photography. Find out why it earns our highest ever score for a smartphone camera in our full review.. Buying Guide: Best cameras for landscapes. Landscape photography isn't as simple as just showing up in front of a beautiful view and taking a couple of pictures. Landscape shooters have a unique set of needs and requirements for their gear, and we've selected some of our favorites in this buying guide.. Buying Guide: Best cameras for parents. Kids really are the ultimate test for a camera's autofocus system. We've compiled a short list of what we think are the best options for parents trying to keep up with young kids, and narrowed it down to one best all-rounder.. Buying Guide: Best cameras over $2000. If you're a serious enthusiast or working pro, the very best digital cameras on the market will cost you at least $2000. That's a lot of money, but generally speaking these cameras offer the highest resolution, the best build quality and the most advanced video specs out there, as well as fast burst rates and top-notch autofocus.. Buying Guide: Best cameras for video. Video features have become an important factor to many photographers when choosing a new camera. Read on to find out which cameras we think are best for the videophile.. Buying Guide: Best cameras for sports and action. Are you a speed freak? Hungry to photograph anything that goes zoom? Or perhaps you just want to get Sports Illustrated level shots of your child's soccer game. Keep reading to find out which cameras we think are best for sports and action shooting.. Lost For Words! by wam7 from Humerous Animals Jimmy by bofo777 from Portrait of the groom. Canon EOS M50 first impressions review. Canon's new entry level mirrorless camera has 4K, expanded Dual Pixel AF coverage and improved connectivity. We've taken an in-depth look at what's new and promising – and where it comes up short.. Feb 26, 2018 137 first impressions. Canon announces EOS M50 with 24MP sensor, 4K video and built-in EVF. Canon is taking the wraps off the EOS M50, a beginner-friendly mirrorless camera that's the first in the company's M-series to offer 4K video capture. It uses a 24MP APS-C sensor with Dual Pixel autofocus, a new Digic 8 processor and unlike its M100 sibling, provides a built-in viewfinder.. Feb 26, 2018 68 camera news. Canon's clever new Speedlite 470EX-AI automatically adjusts to bounce flash. By determining its distance to a subject and distance to the ceiling, the Canon Speedlite 470EX-AI automatically pivots to create an optimal angle for bounce flash – helping flash beginners create more flattering portraits with ease.. Flashes for the masses: Why the Canon 470EX-AI is a big deal. It's not often that a new flashgun will get us really excited, but the Canon 470EX-AI isn't your ordinary flashgun. Here's why we think it's worth a look, particularly for photographers who haven't yet taken the plunge into artificial lighting.. Canon introduces EOS Rebel T7 with updated 24MP sensor. Canon's beginner-friendly DSLR just got an update, and now includes a higher resolution 24MP sensor, but the rest remains broadly familiar. It arrives in April with a 18-55mm F3.5-5.6 II kit lens for $550.. Feb 26, 2018 23 camera news. Nokia 8 Sirocco features 2x optical zoom and Carl Zeiss optics. The Nokia 8 Sirocco swaps the original 8's secondary monochrome sensor for a tele-lens with 2x zoom.. Samsung unveils Galaxy S9 with variable aperture and super-slow-motion. Samsung's new Galaxy S9 and S9+ smartphones come with a range of innovative camera features and functions.. Huawei launches MediaPad M5 Pro tablet with M-Pen. The larger version of Huawei's new premium tablet features a stylus with 4096 levels of pressure for easier image editing and note-taking.. Fujifilm X-H1 versus X-T2: what does the new camera bring?. The Fujifilm X-H1 takes its place above the previous range-topping X-T2. What does the new camera bring to the table, and what kind of photographer is it designed for?. Tiffen announces foot operated gas-lift Steadicam Air monopod. Tiffen has joined the monopod market with the new Steadicam Air. The Steadicam Air is a three-section carbon fibre model that uses a gas spring and foot pedal close to the base to quickly and easily adjust the monopod's height.. Kodak Alaris is bringing back T-Max P3200 high-speed B&W film. Kodak Alaris is resurrecting yet another film photography product. Kodak's T-Max P3200 high-speed B&W film—which the company says can be push processed to ISO 25,000—is officially coming back in March!. Ex-Lexar execs have launched a new memory card company, here's why you should care. ProGrade Digital is new brand of memory cards aimed at professional photographers and demanding amateurs. Here's what sets ProGrade apart, and why the company believes it can compete with the big guys.. Sigma 14-24mm F2.8 DG HSM Art will cost just $1,300, seriously undercuts Nikon. Sigma announced pricing and availability for its much-anticipated 14-24mm F2.8 Art lens today, revealing that the ultra-wide zoom will begin shipping mid-March for $1,300 USD.. Feb 23, 2018 138 lens news. 'Perfect' sensors may be possible, but might not come to cameras. A recent breakthrough means the future could include sensors that perfectly describe the light in the scene, offer new computational possibilities and give film-like latitude in the highlights. And yet we may never see them in cameras, says father of the CMOS sensor, Professor Eric Fossum.. Tokina unveils the FíRIN 20mm F2.0 FE AF autofocus lens for Sony E-Mount. The Tokina FíRIN 20mm F2 FE AF is a followup to the MF version released in 2016, which adds (you guessed it) autofocus capabilities. Optically, the two lenses are identical.. Feb 22, 2018 79 lens news. New Sony release cable enables dual-shooting with the RX0. The VMC-MM2 release cable allows owners of Sony's ultra-compact RX0 to sync the sort-of action camera with a Sony alpha (or Cyber-shot) camera and capture photos and video simultaneously.. Sony announces new flagship guide number 60 HVL-F60RM wireless flash. Sony just released a new wireless flagship flash for E-mount with guide number 60. The HVL-F60RM offers "high-power flash output, reliable continuous performance and advanced control features with integrated radio control options.". Leaked: Tokina to announce Opera 50mm F1.4 FF and FíRIN 20mm F2 FE AF lenses. The Opera 50mm F1.4 FF is a full-frame lens for Nikon and Canon mounts, while the FíRIN 20mm F2 FE AF for Sony E-Mount replaces the FíRIN 20mm F2 FE MF announced in September of 2016.. Feb 22, 2018 103 lens news. What it's like to photograph the Olympics. Two veteran sports photographers share stories and tips from photographing the Olympics, as well as other high-profile sporting events throughout history.. Feb 22, 2018 Feature Shoot 1. Panasonic GX9 added to 'Best Cameras under $1000' buying guide. We've added the Panasonic GX9 to this buying guide to to place its specifications and features in context, alongside its competition. When our full review is complete the camera will be considered for an award.. Tamron announces 70-210mm F4 Di VC USD for full-frame DSLRs. Tamron has announced a full-frame 70-210mm F4 tele-zoom, boasting moisture-resistance, a minimum focus distance of 0.95m/37.4in and up to 5 stops of stabilization – all for $800.. Feb 22, 2018 100 lens news. Tamron is working on a 28-75mm F2.8 lens for full-frame Sony mirrorless cameras. Details are thin at this point, but the 28-75mm F2.8 Di III RXD will offer "superb optical performance" and a moisture-resistant construction.. Feb 22, 2018 223 lens news. Pentax K-1 Mark II: What you need to know. The Pentax K-1 Mark II promises less noise than its predecessor and offers a cool new Pixel Shift mode that lets you leave your tripod behind. Find out what's changed - and what hasn't.. Pentax K-1 Mark II shoots up to ISO 819,200, offers updated Pixel Shift. Ricoh has announced an updated version of its K-1 full-frame DSLR. The Pentax K-1 Mark II gains an additional 'accelerator' processor that enables improved image processing as well as a handheld version of its Pixel Shift Resolution mode.. Feb 21, 2018 272 camera news. Ricoh will let Pentax K-1 owners update their cameras to a Mark II for $550/£450/€500. For a limited time this summer, current K-1 owners will be able to send their cameras in for a circuit board replacement, essentially upgrading to a Mark II. They'll even get a Mark II logo swapped in on the front of the camera.. Feb 21, 2018 151 camera news. Panasonic unveils 'industry-first' 8K organic image sensor with global shutter. Panasonic has continued to develop its organic/CMOS image sensor tech, and the latest breakthrough is big: an image sensor that can shoot 8K at 60p, boasts incredible dynamic range, and has global shutter capability.. Here come the copyright bots, with lawyers in tow. Services like Copypants and Pixsy help anybody find copyright infringers, send take-down requests, and quickly demand licensing fees and damages. But do these automated systems also open the door to prolific copyright trolls?. Feb 21, 2018 Fast Company 25. The Chroma is a lightweight, affordable, easy-to-use 5x4 field camera. The new 5x4-inch field camera was designed by UK photographer and custom camera maker Steve Lloyd, and it promises to be lightweight, easy-to-use, unique, affordable and upgradable... as well as a bit funky.. Feb 21, 2018 200 camera news. Associated Press photographer's video shows 'travel photographers' staging photos. Ahad captured this video that shows how tourist 'travel photographers' will stage scenes in an attempt to capture award-winning images.. Really Right Stuff is moving from California to Utah to escape rising costs. Camera accessory manufacturer Really Right Stuff is relocating. The company is moving its headquarters from California to Utah, citing rising costs and promising 'expansion on every level' as a result of this move.. Tips or suggestions? Contact us!. All content, design, and layout are Copyright © 1998 - 2018 Digital Photography Review All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or part in any form or medium without specific written permission is prohibited.. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. Sony's Xperia XZ phone has promising hardware, but lags behind the unlocked Android competition in features and polish. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. Sony's Xperia XZ phone has promising hardware, but lags behind the unlocked Android competition in features and polish.. On paper, the $699.99 Sony Xperia XZ is almost identical to the Xperia X Performance released a bit earlier this year. Aside from some minor design changes and a few improvements to the camera sensor, you're essentially looking at the same phone. Priced on par with flagships like the Samsung Galaxy S7 , the Xperia XZ lacks features you'd expect, like a fingerprint scanner or a Quad HD display. It also has mediocre battery life, and suffered from overheating issues in testing, just like the X Performance. That means our assessment hasn't changed much: There more capable unlocked phones out there.. Design, Features, and Display With its distinct rectangular shape and sleek metal build (available in black, blue, pink, and platinum), the Xperia XZ is immediately recognizable as a Sony phone. Measuring 5.7 by 2.8 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and weighing 5.6 ounces, it's roughly the same size as the Galaxy S7 (5.6 by 2.7 by 0.3 inches, 5.4 ounces), and smaller than the phablet-sized ZTE Axon 7 (6 by 3.0 by 0.3 inches, 6.2 ounces). One-handed use is but slightly unwieldy due to the hefty bezel at the top and bottom. If a palm-sized fit is what you want, you're better off with the Xperia X Compact .. View All 7 Photos in Gallery. There's a headphone jack up top, a USB-C charging port on the bottom, and a flap on the left that opens to give you access to a SIM microSD card slot that worked with a 256GB Samsung Evo+ card. The right side houses all the buttons, including a power button, a volume rocker, and a camera shutter key. There's no fingerprint scanner, which is becoming an increasingly large omission in a market where even budget phones like the ZTE Zmax Pro have one.. Like the X Performance, the XZ is rated IP68 waterproof, meaning it can survive being submerged in up to six feet of water for 30 minutes. I gave it a thorough run under a running sink tap and dropped it in a bowl of water without any issues.. The XZ has a 5.2-inch, 1,920-by-1,080 IPS LCD. That works out to 424 pixels per inch, making it less sharp than the Quad HD panels on the Galaxy S7 (577ppi) and the Axon 7 (538ppi). But the display produces colors that look rich and vibrant, and it's hard to see a difference in resolution once you're past the 400ppi mark. Viewing angles are good, and the screen gets very bright, making it easy to use in direct sunlight.. Network Performance and Connectivity Like all recent Sony phones, the XZ is available unlocked and supports GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile. It has a comprehensive set of LTE bands (1/2/3/4/5/7/12/13/17/20/25/26/29/30/41) that give it strong network connectivity. I tested the phone on T-Mobile in midtown Manhattan and saw a top download speed of 24Mbps outdoors. Dual-band Wi-Fi and NFC are also present.. Voice calls on the XZ are good, but noise cancellation could be better. Transmissions are clear and earpiece volume is loud, but the phone struggled to blot out background noises like the distant blaring of a siren and the honking of car horns.. Processor and Battery The phone is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, the same chipset you'll find in most high-end Android phones. The phone performed well in our benchmark tests, scoring 130,426 in AnTuTu, which measures overall system performance. That's higher than the S7 but less than the Axon 7 (141,989) despite its less-demanding display.. With 3GB of RAM, the XZ is capable of multitasking, though I couldn't push it to the same limits as phones with 4GB of RAM like the S7 and the Axon 7. In terms of graphics performance, gameplay in GTA: San Andreas and Asphalt 8 was smooth and responsive.. See How We Test Cell Phones. Battery life is a weak point. The phone clocked just 3 hours and 57 minutes in our rundown test, which streams full-screen video over LTE with screen brightness set to maximum. That's less than the 6 hours we got on the Axon and significantly less than the 9 hours we clocked with the Galaxy S7. It's also a bit lower than the X Performance (4 hours, 5 minutes), despite having a slightly larger 2,900mAh battery.. The phone supports Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 , but it only comes with a standard power adapter. Two battery-saving modes are built Stamina and Ultra Stamina. Both prolong runtime by disabling functionality like background data and app and tamping down screen brightness.. Camera Though the XZ has the same 23-megapixel rear camera sensor as the X Performance, it has some additions that make it better. There's laser autofocus to improve the speed and accuracy of low-light shooting, an RGB color sensor to improve color reproduction, and Predictive Hybrid Autofocus with five-axis image stabilization to improve video recording.. Overall, the XZ performs nearly identically to the X Compact. Focus locks on quickly and pictures come out crisp and accurate. The camera does well at capturing moving objects with limited blur and distortion. It's not as good as the S7, especially when it comes to low-light shooting, but it takes better shots than the Axon 7.. The problems come with video recording. When recording 4K video at 30fps, the camera app preemptively warns you that overheating may occur and that it may need to shut down some functions if the temperature rises. The same issue crops up when recording 1080p video at 60fps. After several minutes of recording, the camera app reported a problem with overheating and shut down completely. I couldn't open it again until the phone cooled down. This is the same problem we encountered with the Xperia X Performance, but not the X Compact. The Compact is only capable of recording in 1080p at 30fps, which might explain the difference.. The 13-megapixel camera on the front takes clear and detailed shots. The camera app itself supports manual controls, allowing for adjustment to ISO, white balance, focus, and other settings.. Software The XZ runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow , but with a fairly heavy custom skin over it. You'll find a custom lock screen, app icons, app drawer interface, and a whole host of new settings in the menu. Sony has promised an update to Android 7.0 Nougat in the future.. There's a built-in Smart Cleaner that automatically optimizes storage and memory by cleaning cache and closing background apps. ClearAudio+ optimizes sound settings, while DSEE HX upgrades the quality of compressed music files when using wired headphones; I didn't notice a significant difference in sound quality with these settings enabled, though. There's also a Gloves mode that increases touch-screen sensitivity, and a Smart Backlight Control that detects when you're holding the phone in your hand and keeps the screen awake.. You'll also find a ton of pre-installed apps like Amazon Shopping, AR Effect, AVG Protection, Facebook, Lifelog, Movie Creator, PlayStation, Sketch, Spotify, Sticker Creator, SwiftKey Keyboard, TrackID, Video & TV SideView, What's New, and Xperia Lounge. They can only be disabled, not deleted. That leaves you with 21.47GB of available storage out of 32GB total. A microSD card can be used for music, photos, and video, but you can't move apps to it.. Conclusions At $700, the Sony Xperia XZ is priced like a flagship phone, but it can't match the premium experience of devices like the Samsung Galaxy S7. It lacks a fingerprint sensor, has a lower-resolution display, and mediocre battery life. The unlocked Galaxy S7 is a better pick all around. If you're looking to save some money, the ZTE Axon 7 gets you a sharper display than the Xperia XZ and otherwise similar hardware for $300 less. Most importantly, neither of these phones overheat when shooting video.. Bottom Line: Sony's Xperia XZ phone has promising hardware, but lags behind the unlocked Android competition in features and polish.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Sections Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV News Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All News Reviews Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All Reviews Buyer's guides Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All Buyer's guides. Sony Xperia XZ Pro specs, release date, news and features. Home > Phones >. Phone news > Sony Mobile phone news. Sony Xperia XZ Pro on the way. Launch expected at Mobile World Congress next week. Android 8.1 Oreo out of the box plus 4K OLED on the XZ Pro. — Sony Xperia (@sonyxperia) February 19, 2018 Sony Xperia XZ Pro release date and launch. Sony Sony Xperia XZ Pro name Sony Xperia XZ Pro Design. Sony wants to change the design. Techie State Reddit/Piastavgo Sony Xperia XZ Pro and Xperia XZ2: Display. H8541: 5.7-inch 4K OLED display mentioned. H8216: 5.48-inch Full HD IPS display mentioned. Pocket-lint Sony Xperia XZ Pro specs. Sony has plenty of phones, but we want more! Currently, we have the XZ Premium ,. And at CES 2018 we got the mid-range. Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra and L2 .. We're expecting at least two incoming. - one with a 4K display - so here we're picking apart the rumours to bring you the details on what we expect next in the Xperia flagship space. Could one of those devices be the. (MWC) starts next weekend and it will play host to the unveiling of the next Sony flagship.. Check out the Sony pre-MWC teaser :. 26.02.2018 #SonyMWC pic.twitter.com/n6IQ82XRVZ. We've had confirmation that Sony will be holding a press conference on the Monday morning. of Mobile World Congress - that's next Monday 26 February - at 8.30am CET or 7.30am GMT.. That launch date means we'd expect the new Xperia release date to be March 2018.. With Sony's naming convention changing drastically in the last few years, it's difficult to pick apart exactly where its smartphone naming might go next. The current rumours are pointing toward there being two phones announced - the. Sony Xperia XZ Pro (supposedly model number H8541) and XZ2 (model number H8216).. The Xperia XZ Premium appeared in early-2017 as a loose replacement for the Z5 Premium , defined by the 4K display and otherwise flagship specs. It wasn't until August 2017 that the Xperia XZ1 appeared, sitting in Sony's conventional flagship space, with a Full HD display and again offering Flagship specs.. The next Sony phone launch might be a new Premium device which would technically be due for an update and that would fit with the XZ Pro name.. At the time of writing there are a lot of Sony Mobile devices that might potentially appear, all disclosed by UAProf (user-agent profiles), with some spec sheets appearing carrying Sony product numbers, but no indicator to real product names - but it looks like there's a new Premium model in the works.. Sony Mobile has been using the OmniBalance design since the launch of the. original Xperia Z and through into the X family. It has changed incrementally over the years, but on the whole, Xperia brand design has been fairly consistent with the occasional change to devices like the Sony Xperia XA with its really slim bezels.. The Indian Express reported that Sony Mobile plans to change the design, quoting Sony India's managing director Kenichiro Hibi saying: "…we are planning to launch new generation of products and you can expect a complete new design from the devices.". Exactly how "new" this design will be remains to be seen, but leaked specs that have appeared so far don't seem to suggest a move to an 18:9 display, even if a purported design leak does .. There's little else that suggests this change, but while the entire display appears to be dark, it might be that the bottom section isn't active display and is just there's the touch controls sit.. It does, however, look like the XZ Pro won't have a headphone jack. That's according to a filing with the US communications regulator, the FCC which shows the handset having a dongle inserted within the USB-C connector.. Elsewhere, the appearance of a device called H8541 with a spec sheet, however, suggests a big screen phone with a body that's smaller than the XZ Premium, which might represent this change in design.. Piastavgo created some mockups of this potential layout, picked up by XperiaBlog , to show what it might look like, based on leaked dimensions.. Leaked specs have mentioned IP65/68, so we'd expect waterproofing, which any self-respecting 2018 flagship phone should have.. Reliable leaks are rather scarce at the moment, but we suspect we'll soon start seeing. much more appearing in the rumour mill.. We've mentioned that leaked specs don't seem to reflect a shift to an 18:9 display and that's because reported resolutions stick to a 16:9 aspect instead.. One of the first leaks was for a H8116, which reported a 3,840 x 2,160 pixels for the display, or 4K. That would make it an Xperia Premium model, but we've heard little else about this model. There's also the H8541, again with a 3,840 x 2,160 display, but with a complete spec sheet attached - as we mentioned above - reporting a 5.7-inch display.. That's pretty big for a 16:9 device, growing larger than the XZ Premium, which might work with a slimmed down body.. head of UX planning in Europe, Hitoshi Osawa, recently told Russian website. that 4K OLED panels will appear in. phones"very soon" and that Sony is investing in the technology.. We also have a reported device known as H8216 again with a spec sheet attached, returning to 1920 x 1080 pixels and with a 5.48-inch design. This phone is interesting, because the specs suggest that display is crammed into a body similar in size to the current Xperia XZ1, suggesting a bit of a design revision again, as detailed above.. In all cases, we'd expect HDR, as in the XZ Premium and XZ1.. With the positioning of future Xperia handsets not being entirely clear at the moment, there's a mixture of specs being touted.. With lots of model numbers in isolation with few other details, the strongest leads we currently have are for the H8541 or XZ Pro.. This screen also suggests that it's a Snapdragon 845 rather than 835.. For a new phone, it's perhaps surprising that it might be running on 2017's flagship hardware, with. The next device is the H8216. leaked spec sheet suggests a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845, 4GB RAM and 64GB storage with microSD. There's mention of Quick Charge and a 3130mAh battery.. In mid-February a handset popped up on benchmark testing site AnTuTu - cited as being the H8266. Obviously that's different from the code numbers we've mentioned above.. runs on a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 processor - the same processor expected to be in the US version of the. It is also said to have Adreno 630 graphics, which accompanies the 845 in 2018 flagships.. 8.1 Oreo out of the box. Again, the screen above suggests this.. Liked this? Check out our guide to the best phones .. Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest from Samsung, Sony, Nokia, Huawei, Moto and more at MWC 2018. Sony MWC 2018 press conference: How to watch it live. Nokia 8 Sirocco initial review: The high-end Nokia looking to steal Samsung's crown. Samsung Galaxy S9+ initial review: A whole new camera experience. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+: Everything you need to know. Sony Xperia XZ2 initial review: HDR-shooting, vibration-producing, serious Sony flagship. Sony Xperia dual camera system teases future low light supremacy. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ deals: 12 months free Netflix and 7 days early. Nokia 7 Plus initial review: Shooting for mid-range glory. Xperia XZ2 rethinks Sony Mobile design, brings 4K HDR video capture to the smartphone party. 2003 - 2018 © Pocket-lint Limited PO Box 4770, Ascot, SL5 5DP. England and Wales company registration number 5237480.. 
Sony Xperia XZ Pro could be among first phones with the Snapdragon 845 chip. Sony's new Xperia phone may continue the trend of disappearing headphone jacks. Sony has had a whirlwind few months due mainly to the launch of several new phones, but it looks like it’s not slowing down any time soon. According to recent rumors, the company is readying a new flagship to serve as a follow-up to the Sony Xperia XZ Premium, and it’s called the Sony Xperia XZ Pro. The phone is rumored to debut at Mobile World Congress 2018 ., which kicks off February 26.. We don’t know all that much about the new phones just yet, but there are a few rumors that give us hints at what the new phone may look like. Here’s everything we know about the Sony Xperia XZ Pro so far.. Despite rumors last year that Sony would be fully embracing the bezel-less revolution, 2018 has been off to a tepid start with the reveal of the Xperia XA2, XA2 Ultra, and L2 at CES 2018 — which despite having shrunk slightly, were not the bezel-less redesign that many were hoping for.. Still, we’re expecting the Xperia XZ Pro to give us something new to chew on in terms of design.. Unfortunately, hints of the XZ Pro’s design are not off to a good start, with an FCC certification ( via Digit ) revealing what we assume to be the XZ Pro will come with a USB-C cable that splits into a 3.5mm jack and USB-C slot. That would seemingly indicate that the phone will not have a headphone jack, following the mostly unpopular trend set by other recent flagship devices.. Perhaps the most notable thing about this device is what’s under the hood. According to a leak from MyDrivers, the phone will be among the first to feature the new Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 processor , which is Qualcomm ‘s most powerful mobile chip yet. It will also boast 6GB of RAM and 128GB of storage — though there could be options for how much RAM or storage are available on the phone.. MyDrivers notes that the phone may feature a 5.7-inch OLED display with a 4K resolution, which would be one of the highest-quality displays so far. Sure, it’s not the first phone to feature a 4K display, but hopefully this device will be among a new generation of devices with ultra-high-resolution displays, which should make for far better mobile virtual reality experiences.. Sony has traditionally placed an emphasis on cameras, and it’s likely the Xperia XZ Pro will be no different. The phone will apparently feature a dual rear-facing camera with one 18-megapixel sensor and one 12-megapixel sensor.. To power all of this, the phone is rumored to feature a 3,420mAh battery. It will boast an IP68 water-resistance rating.. According to MyDrivers, the phone will come with a price tag of 6,000 Chinese yuan, which equates to $930. That’s no small price for a phone — even if it’s a premium one. While it will reportedly be announced at Mobile World Congress at the end of February, that doesn’t mean it’ll be available then. Sony could wait a few months to launch the phone, depending on factors like availability of the Snapdragon 845. Last year, because Samsung manufactured the Snapdragon 835 , it got first dibs. That may also be the case this time around.. Update: Added rumors that the XZ Pro may not have a headphone jack.. Sony’s Xperia XZ2 smartphones have better Super Slow Motion than the Galaxy S9. Moto X4: 2018’s new midrange challenger. Sony’s latest Xperia smartphones boast changes, but not a major redesign. XZ1 Compact: What a difference a year makes. Here’s absolutely everything we know about the HTC U12. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. Swann helps keep your home safe with a video doorbell and security camera. Sony’s Xperia XZ2 smartphones have better Super Slow Motion than the…. Do you see what AI sees? Google unleashes ARCore and Lens features. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Sony Xperia XZ review: Return of the flagship. Sony's late-2016 flagship is the phone it needed six months ago, with some of the most important upgrades in years for an Xperia phone. The more things change, the more they stay the same. With the apparently sunsetting of the Xperia Z line and the move to Xperia X, Sony appeared to have lost interest in the traditional spec-chasing high-end smartphone game. Yet here we are less than half a year later with a new Sony flagship: The Xperia XZ.. The naming convention speaks to the nature of the phone: A continuation of the X series spearheaded earlier this year with the Xperia X and X Performance, but with hints of the old Xperia Z brand: A bigger screen, a more capacious battery, and some seriously important camera upgrades — including, for the first time in a Sony phone, hardware stabilization.. This is the phone Sony needed half a year ago — and arguably a device which is more of a complete through than the overpriced, underwhelming X Performance. But the competition in the high-end space hasn't died down since the spring, and the XZ will face a similar band of challengers as its immediate predecessor.. So how does the most interesting Sony phone in two years measure up? Read on to find out.. The Sony Xperia XZ is a return to form for the manufacturer, with a much-improved camera, a more interesting chassis design and solid performance in other areas. But some nagging issues remain, such as the general dullness of Sony's hardware, and the inexplicable lack of fingerprint security in the U.S. And although the camera is a lot better than any other Sony phone, it's not as dependable as Samsung's latest.. Large, thick form factor with big bezels. Camera scene detection + color wonk. Sony Xperia XZ Video Review. We're publishing this review after four days with a pre-production U.S.-spec Sony Xperia XZ (model F8331) in Berlin, Germany on the Telekom.de network. Our review unit was using software version 39.0.A.1.205, based on Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow with the 1 July 2016 Android security patch.. As we've come to expect from Sony, the Xperia XZ is a big rectangular slab of a phone. But unlike some earlier Sony models, the design balance is skewed more in favor of ergonomics in the XZ. The comfort factor stems from the fact that it's composed, like the Xperia X, of a polycarbonate trim and metal back panel. This time the metal and plastic combo is handled differently — the plastic curves around the frame of the device, while the polished metal panel sits around the back, with subtle curves on its edges.. Together with the slight taper of the edges of the front glass, this gives the Xperia XZ a pleasing symmetry. However there's no avoiding that the main contact points are with plastic, not metal. And that plastic frame makes it feel somewhat less premium than last year's Z5, with its aluminum border. In design terms, it feels a bit like one step forward, two steps back — a decision made perhaps for monetary, not aesthetic reasons.. The outer trim houses a familiar collection of buttons — power, volume and a dedicated camera key all along the right edge. In the United States you'll miss out on the fingerprint security that's been a standard feature in other parts of the world for the past couple of generations of Sony phones, which is unfortunate. As with the Xperia X, the power button on the XZ is just a plain old button, and that's a big omission for what's supposed to be a flagship smartphone. (Again, economics seem to be conspiring against the user.). The top and bottom edges are completely flat, with a USB Type-C slot down below and 3.5mm headphone jack up top. Standard stuff — however Sony's now taking advantage of Qualcomm QuickCharge 3.0 for faster refills, which is a welcome addition.. This is a big phone in all directions, with hefty top and bottom bezels, along with a relatively girthy thickness of 8.1mm. And that contributes to a slightly frumpy look compared to the likes of the Galaxy Note 7 — particularly given its relatively small 5.2-inch screen size. This isn't an ugly phone per se, but it is hard to enthuse over what is a relatively bland design, save for one or two visual flourishes. We can't complain about the quality of the display though. It's an LCD panel with Sony's "TRILUMINOS" branding, and buzzwords aside we've found it to be as clear and vibrant as any display in an Android phone, even under direct sunlight. Nor have we noticed any excessive distortion at wide viewing angles.. Top-notch internals inside a relatively bland shell.. The Samsung Galaxy S7 (and others) have the XZ beaten on sheer pixel density, but in every other area it's a top-notch screen. And it's backed up by Sony's image enhancement software, including X-Reality for enhancing contrast and sharpness in photos and video.. As we've always said, 1080p at this screen size is perfectly fine, and I didn't find myself missing the extra density of Samsung's latest displays.. On the audio side, Sony continues its use of front-facing stereo speakers that do a decent job of putting out plenty of volume, but lack the bass of competitors like HTC. Thankfully the phone has plenty of audio tricks up its sleeve in other areas, with the ability to upsample compressed music to high-res quality when using wired headphones.. Internally, the XZ packs in standard high-end Android internals — a Snapdragon 820 processor, 3GB of RAM and 32GB internal storage. And powering the whole assembly is a 2,900mAh internal battery — a welcome upgrade from the 2,620mAh of the Xperia X. We'll discuss battery longevity later in this review, but the phone always performed admirably — the only performance lag we noticed was during the initial setup, where the phone was updating apps over an LTE connection. And gaming performance impressed too, with the Adreno 530 handling 1080p gaming with ease.. A big upgrade for Sony's cameras — including, for the first time, hardware stabilization.. The internals may be mostly the same, but Sony's camera hardware has undergone some significant upgrades. For the first time, the rear camera sports hardware stabilization — a 5-axis stabilization solution that Sony says has not yet been offered to partners — backed up by laser autofocus and a new color spectrum sensor around the back. The sensor itself is a 23-megapixel Exmor RS unit, similar to the Xperia X, offering a similar balance of fine detail in daylight scenes. The new stabilization capabilities allow the XZ to boast improved low-light performance though — something we'll explore in further detail later in this review.. The Xperia XZ is also one of the few phones able to boast water resistance — something Sony has a long history with, but a characteristic only it and Samsung are currently offering. It's a much needed differentiator for the company, and something which gives added peace of mind when using the phone around a pool or in heavy rain.. Sony has all the specs, some unique camera hardware, and most of the audio and video bells and whistles... and yet the company seems to be treading water when it comes to design. As such, it's difficult to see how anyone but die-hard Sony fans will be getting excited about the look and feel of the Xperia XZ. Calling it boring seems harsh, but that's where we are in the smartphone market of 2016.. Over the past year Sony has toned down its customization of Android considerably, focusing on differentiated apps and services, while leaving the core of Google's Material Design interface alone. That trend continues into the company's newest handsets; the XZ's software is largely a mirror image of the Xperia X.. The main aesthetic flourishes center around Sony's stylized lock screen and launcher, as well as a handful of the company's own apps, like the Material-style weather app.. For the first time, Sony's launcher can incorporate a Google Now panel.. A first outside of the Google Now Launcher — at least officially — Sony's home screen setup is able to bring Google Now into the mix through its own vertical-scrolling pane on the leftmost home screen panel. That's a helpful addition that lets you stick with Sony's home screen setup if you prefer the greater customization and app suggestions it provides, while also keeping Google's predictive capabilities at your fingertips.. Elsewhere, it's all about smaller tweaks to a largely vanilla Android experience: Things like custom quick settings buttons, a Sony launcher with suggested apps and recommended downloads, and Google's Doze mode augmented by Sony's proven "Stamina" mode, which cuts back on background data and CPU performance to extend battery life.. Aside from the usual stuff — things like the Sony Album and Music apps — there's a new News Reader application that can get a little notification-happy, and Sony's "What's New" app for keeping on top of new apps and other content. All of these link into Sony's broader ecosystem, but the integration between the preloaded apps and Sony's services is handled in a way that's not a distraction if you prefer not to use them.. Sony's software is lightweight, fast and approachable.. So the day-to-day experience of using a Sony phone hasn't really changed from the Xperia X back in May.. The only new features we were able to track down live in the Settings app — the new Smart Cleaner recreates the phone "optimization" features of rivals like Samsung and HTC, helping you clear out old files and optimize memory for frequently used apps. After our first week with the phone there's not too much cludge accumulated in the internal storage just yet, but this is a feature that may become more useful over time.. And for total newbies, the Xperia Tips section provide interactive walkthroughs to help you get up and running.. So that's Sony's software in a nutshell: lightweight, fast, and approachable.. Sony appears to have sped up some of Android's built-in animations, like the deck of cards in the recent apps switcher. The result is a software experience that feels quicker in places. There's a relatively small amount of preloaded bloatware on the U.S. unlocked Xperia XZ, the main offenders being Amazon and AVG Antivirus. The placement of Sony's "Clear All" apps button is terrible , and it's way too easy to hit when you're tapping the Recent apps key.. Cameras have been a huge part of Sony's smartphones for as long as it's been making them. But the manufacturer has neglected to catch onto some of the more recent trends like optical stabilization and laser autofocus — technologies which have played an important part in some of the best phone cameras of this generation.. Finally, Sony has a smartphone with hardware stabilization — in fact, a new 5-axis stabilization tech adopted from the company's HandyCam camcorders. That's backed up by a color spectrum sensor, LED flash and laser autofocus to complete the smartphone camera trifecta.. Sony continues to use a 23-megapixel Exmor RS sensor behind an f/2.0 lens, and by default the XZ downsamples to an 8-megapixel image. That means you've got plenty of wiggle room for zooming in while still retaining fine detail. During our time with the Xperia XZ, we alternated between 8- and 23-megapixel modes, before eventually settling on shooting at the maximum resolution.. Hardware stabilization brings big improvements in indoor and low-light recording.. The much-needed move to hardware stabilization brings some serious improvements to Sony's latest camera — especially in indoor and low-light conditions. For the most part, this is a dependable "all-around" camera that can produce good-looking photos in just about all situations. When Superior Auto mode gets things right — and it very often does — it'll select the perfect scene mode for you, and the result will be a genuinely impressive image. (Allowing for lighting, motion and your own skill, of course.). First of all, it's easier than we'd like to capture blurry shots in darker conditions, and strangely Sony's stabilization system seems a little more susceptible to hand motion than the likes of Samsung and LG. Occasionally that new color spectrum sensor dramatically misfires, giving outdoor scenes an unnatural blue or green hue. And the same software confusion can trip up Superior Auto.. The other asterisk has to do with the 23-megapixel size, and the amount of sharpening going on when you zoom in. If you're taking photos at the full sensor size, be prepared for fine details to be mired in noise when you zoom in, and for there to be plenty of over-sharpening going on, to the point where images lose the natural look offered by the iPhone and some other competitors.. It seems like the XZ's software processing just needs a little tune-up. It's entirely possible that'll happen before launch — after all, we're using a pre-production device here.. Sony's camera app hasn't changed a whole lot since we last saw it in the Xperia X. A slider on the right edge lets you choose between Manual, Superior Auto+, video and Sony's various plug-in camera apps. (These include things like AR modes for adding dinosaurs to your snaps, to sweep panoramas mode, to the dedicated 4K shooting mode.). Most of the time, despite its occasional finickiness, you'll want to live in Auto+. For finer control, Manual lets you set select specific scene modes, set your ISO, enable HDR and object tracking, and tweak things like metering and timer settings. (Basically, everything you'd expect from a standalone digital camera.). Sony expects you to use Superior Auto+ most of the time — and you probably should.. It'd be nice if some of these options were a little more discoverable, but Sony's clearly putting a lot of emphasis behind Superior Auto+.. In video recording, Sony's stabilization tech really comes into its own, with smooth 1080p/60fps recording even in darker conditions with minimal amounts of noise. And 4K recording is also supported, though with the usual heat-related warnings. Given the file size constraints of 4K, you'll want to stick to 1080p most of the time.. So overall this is easily Sony's best phone camera yet, but it doesn't quite reach the standards of Apple and Samsung in terms of guaranteed brilliance every time. Sony's getting close though, and with some software updates the Xperia XZ could be a real challenger.. Sony's intelligent object tracking tech from the Xperia X returns, and works just as well in the XZ. The new 13-megapixel selfie camera is great in daylight and decent in indoor settings, but quality rapidly degrades in darker settings like bars and outdoor scenes lit by streetlight. It's not certainly bad , but it's also no match for the likes of HTC's UltraSelfie camera on the HTC 10. Again, this could be a software tuning issue, but our Xperia XZ unit had a tendency to aggressively crush shadowed areas in outdoor shots — way more than we've seen from previous Sony cameras.. Sony Xperia XZ Battery life. I've been using the Sony Xperia XZ for just four days at the time of writing, so I'm still getting the hang of the phone's day-to-day battery performance. What's more, we've been pushing it harder than we normally would at the IFA show in Berlin. That said, we have a reasonable idea of how the Xperia XZ performs in the real world, and the verdict is that it's a solid "one-day" phone, but no more than that unless you're using it really sparingly.. That's about par for the course for a Snapdragon 820 running a 5.2-inch screen on a battery of this size.. We were regularly getting between 12 and 14 hours out of the Xperia XZ working on LTE all day, before hitting Battery Stamina mode at 30 percent charge. That's with around 3 hours of screen on time up to that point, which is a respectable showing for a current Android phone. We'd liken it to what some of our editors have been getting from the OnePlus 3 in recent weeks.. As mentioned, Battery Stamina mode can step in to save the day when you're running low on charge, and Sony includes both regular Stamina and Ultra Stamina modes depending on just how much functionality you want to cut back in the name of battery life. There's a noticeable performance hit when Stamina is enabled though, so it's probably not something you'll want to get into the habit of using.. And when it's time to charge, the latest Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 means you're never below 50 percent for long.. On balance, we're reasonably happy with the battery performance we've been getting from the Xperia XZ. You may be disappointed if you're coming from an earlier Xperia phone with truly phenomenal longevity. But for most people it's going to be perfectly fine.. Should you buy the Sony Xperia XZ? If you're a fan. Sony is almost back on top form. The Xperia XZ is a solid all-round handset that does a lot of things right — a handset to restore the faith of Sony fans. Its greatest sin is probably looking a little dull — this is no Galaxy Note 7 , after all — but once you look path its monolithic exterior there's a lot to like.. Sony bucks the trend of 2K displays and instead goes with a fantastic looking 1080p panel, with power savings as a result. Performance is speedy across the board, and Sony's software is thoughtful and measured. And we're finally seeing a significant leap forward in camera performance in an Xperia phone, with big hardware additions that result in better photos almost every time.. The problem for Sony, like so many other Android manufacturers, is the fact that Samsung's absolutely crushing it this year. Sony's camera is great, but it's not the best. Same deal with its screen, its build quality and its battery life. buyers once again get the short end of the stick, as Sony cheaps out on fingerprint security.. As such, the XZ's appeal is likely limited to hardcore Sony fans. And if that's you, then you'll be getting a hell of a phone.. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
The next video is starting stop. Xperia XZ Premium – Everything becomes Wow. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. See what sets Xperia™ XZ Premium apart: http://bit.ly/XperiaXZPremium_1 Explore the world of Xperia: http://bit.ly/Xperia_1_2 Announced at MWC 2017, Xperia XZ Premium breaks new ground for smartphones. The all-new Motion Eye™ camera captures details that the naked eye can’t see. It’s the world’s first Super slow motion video in a smartphone*, shooting at 960 frames per second for videos full of hidden drama. Plus Predictive Capture means Xperia XZ Premium is ready even when you’re not. The 5.5” 4K HDR display is also the world’s first on a smartphone, using the same technology found in Sony BRAVIA TVs for a viewing experience unrivalled in colour, contrast and clarity. Super-fast web browsing, smooth gaming, lag-free video streaming and impressive multi-tasking – it all happens at lightning speed with the new Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 835 processor. With up to 1GBps download speed, there’s nothing to hold you back. Xperia XZ Premium elegantly unites all of this and more into a smooth, unified design secured by a water resistant finish and durable Corning® Gorilla® Glass 5. Inside and out, it’s the real deal.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Xperia XZ Premium – the all-new Motion Eye™ camera. Xperia XZ Premium: Would I Buy It? (Likes & Dislikes). Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Sony Xperia XZ Premium!! CAMERA Test Comparison (4K). Sony Xperia XZ Premium vs Samsung Galaxy S8+ Speed Test!. SONY Xperia XZ Pro 2018 - Meet the New Sony's Flagship! ᴴᴰ. Introducing Xperia™ XZ1 – Imagine a richer experience. 10 SIMPLE LIFE HACKS WITH SMARTPHONE. Xperia XA2 Ultra – The dual selfie camera – great shots all the time. Sony Xperia XZ Durability Test - BEND test - Scratch Test - Burn Tested. SONY XPERIA XZ PRO - BEST SMARTPHONE 2018!!!. Sony Xperia XZ1 vs Sony Xperia XZ Premium. Sony Xperia XZ Premium hands on review. Introducing Xperia™ XZ1 Compact – Experience more, in a compact size. Introducing Xperia XZ2 Compact - Perfect size. Sony Xperia upcoming phones 2018 is here!!!. Our new design language: Xperia XZ2 looks unique, feels natural.. Sony XZ Premium Review: Clock Stopper. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Sony Xperia XZ Pro Leaks: What you really need to know ahead of MWC. What you really need to know about the Sony Xperia XZ Pro. Sony Xperia XZ Pro: Latest news, rumours and specs. Sony Xperia XZ Pro: Release date and price. Sony’s next flagship phone, the Xperia XZ Pro, could be a significant departure from the now rather tired designs of its previous phones. Here’s what we know so far about XZ Pro, including its rumoured release date, price, and specs, plus all the latest news ahead of MWC 2018 .. Judging by what we’ve heard so far, the Sony Xperia XZ Pro looks to be the cream of this year’s Sony crop, so let’s take a look at the latest XZ Pro news and rumours. Alternatively, scroll down for the release date and pricing information.. Related: New Xperia phones 2018. Rumoured to be unveiled at MWC 2018, the Xperia XZ Pro – otherwise known as the Xperia XZ2 Premium – is tipped to scrap Sony’s antiquated OmniBalance design in favour of a bezel-less approach, headlined by a 5.7-inch 4K OLED edge-to-edge screen (18:9). smaller – in height, thickness and width – than its predecessor, the Xperia XZ Premium.. The Xperia XZ Pro will come with Qualcomm’s. Snapdragon 845 processor, at least 6GB of RAM, 64GB of expandable internal storage, a dual rear camera setup (18-megapixel + 12-megapixel), a 13-megapixel front-facing selfie shooter and a 3420mAh non-removable battery, according to a recent leak from Chinese outlet. But we’d suggest those internals with a considerable pinch of salt, because. a) we were unable to verify the information with our trusted sources; b) the supposed leaked images. MyDrivers supplied are extremely hazy, so much so they could be mistaken for home-brewed renders at first glance; and c) the spec sheet is even hazier than the aforementioned renders.. One thing we aren’t sold on is MyDriver’ s tip that the Xperia XZ Pro will be armed with the next-generation Snapdragon 845 processor, as that would fly in the face of numerous (more credible). reports which suggest that Samsung’s much-anticipated. and Galaxy S9 Plus will be getting first dibs on Qualcomm’s brand new SoC – as it did last year with the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus.. On a more official note, Sony has filed the documentation required to bundle an audio transfer adapter in the box of its next flagship smartphone with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), leading many to believe that the upcoming Xperia XZ Pro will do away with the beloved 3.5mm headphone jack – though that’s far from confirmed.. MyDrivers expects the Xperia XZ Pro to fetch at least £675 ($930) when it hits the shelves. If that turns out to be the case, it will be in prime position to win over customers in the market for a brand new high-end smartphone, who aren’t willing to shell out £999 ($999) for Apple’s flagship iPhone X .. The next Sony flagship phone is expected to be revealed at Mobile World Congress (MWC 2018) in February. We’ll be on the ground in Barcelona in full force reporting live from Sony’s February 26 press event, where the device should be unveiled, so be sure to check back on the big day.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. In the meantime, stay tuned as we’ll be updating this page with all the latest Sony Xperia XZ Pro news and rumours.. What would you like to see the next Sony phone feature? Let us know on our Facebook page or tweet @TrustedReviews.. Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Discover what makes the new Xperia™ XZ special: http://www.sonymobile.com/xperia-xz Explore the world of Xperia: http://www.sonymobile.com/xperia The new Xperia XZ is here. Its soft, rounded form with a loop surface hosts a range of incredible innovations ready to take your smartphone experience to the next level. Xperia XZ is built with the latest Sony camera components – including triple image sensing technology – to capture images without blur, in even the most challenging light conditions. And it’s designed to intelligently assist you by learning from your habits and behaviours. Xperia XZ is available in a range of striking colours, with an ALKALEIDO™ metal back adding depth, shine and sophistication. Complete with a water-resistant finish, it’s perfectly tailored to life.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. The new Xperia XZ - with Triple sensor camera (Detailed Overview). Sony Xperia XZ hands on review. Top 5 Best SONY Smartphone in 2018. Sony Xperia XZ Durability Test - BEND test - Scratch Test - Burn Tested. Xperia XZ 2018 - First Look at the Upcoming Sony’s Flagship with New Breathtaking Design ᴴᴰ. Sony Best 5 Smartphone in 2018. Sony Xperia XZ - Unboxing & First Look! (4K). Sony Xperia XZ1 is a 2018 Flagship with Snapdragon 845 CPU Concept ᴴᴰ. Sony Xperia XZ vs iPhone 7 Plus Speed Test, Multitasking, Camera Speed, Benchmark. Xperia XZs – Super slow motion. SONY Xperia XZ Pro 2018 - Meet the New Sony's Flagship! ᴴᴰ. Sony Xperia XZ - 10 New Features!. All Sony Xperia Smartphones in 5 minutes. Xperia XZ Premium – Everything becomes Wow. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Sony Xperia XZ Premium!! CAMERA Test Comparison (4K). Steve Jobs introduces iPhone in 2007. Hands-On Exclusive of Xperia XZ2 and Xperia XZ2 Compact - MWC 2018. Xperia XZ Premium: Would I Buy It? (Likes & Dislikes). Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Please help us improve our website. Take our customer survey to evaluate your visit.. It should only take a few minutes to answer five quick questions. Just click the Launch survey button at the end of your visit to begin.. Explore the world of Sony Apps and Services.. Your ticket to the biggest hits and hottest shows. Personalise your Xperia, keep it safe and more. The smartphone camera with advanced movement and colour capture. So life looks as beautiful as it is.. Free App content, Finance/EMI offer and Quick Charger in-box bundle.. Xperia XZ perfects the fundamentals of a great smartphone. Packed with innovations in technology, it boasts a photo-pro’s camera, an intelligent battery and smart features that adapt to you. And it’s all delivered in a stunning, evolved design.. Our camera know-how, in a smartphone The camera with three times the precision. Xperia XZ comes loaded with the advanced photography technologies you recognize from other Xperia smartphones. We’ve also added triple image sensing technology to analyse, adapt and capture perfect shots in challenging conditions.. Predicts movement to keep your subject in focus, and capture without blur.. Measures the distance to the object and delivers sharp images in challenging light conditions.. Measures visible colour and IR info to adjust white balance and capture naturally vibrant colours.. Imaging sensor Laser AF sensor RGBC-IR sensor. Capture in any light condition without blur. Life's best subjects are rarely in ideal lighting conditions. Xperia XZ allows you to capture without Blur by bringing together the power of an imaging sensor and a laser autofocus sensor, you can freeze movement in the sharpest details, even when the light is low.. World’s first Smartphone with 5-Axis Video Stabilization. Our already great Steady Shot digital image stabilization system just got better and smarter. In addition to the current Yaw, Pitch and Roll compensations, we are introducing technology developed together with Sony’s Alpha engineers to add compensation for X/Y vertical and horizontal vibrations to ensure the most stable video image so far. The effects of this will be particularly striking when taking close up and macro shots with Xperia XZ.. Shoot like a PRO, with new Manual controls. Explore more creative ways of capturing moments by newly added Focus and Shutter speed control features under Manual mode. Adjusting Focus between background and foreground or creating your own light painting was never this easy before.. For sharper selfies: double-digit megapixels and low-light sensors up front, in wide angle means with Xperia XZ’s 2.6x larger front camera sensor Superior Selfies in low-light conditions like parties, dinner, bar etc is the next thing you’re going to flaunt.. Charging can take a toll on your battery but unlike most smartphones, Xperia XZ uses intelligent charging to prevent battery decline. It learns your charging patterns and adapts to them, resulting in up to twice the battery lifespan. Watch the video about battery lifespan. Xperia XZ automatically understands how you use it and provides non-intrusive, contextual tips to enhance your experience. Camera tips for photographers, display tips when reading and a smart alarm to name a few.. Watch the video about Xperia tips. Xperia XZ learns which apps you use the most. By automatically deactivating unused apps and clearing the cache, your smartphone always functions at optimum speed.. Watch the video about Smart cleaner. Adaptive charging Xperia tips Smart cleaner. Xperia XZ Design Perfectly tailored to life. Xperia XZ’s uncluttered design is meant to fit seamlessly into your life. The soft, rounded form is comfortable to hold, while the stunning colours are designed to suit your style.. See Xperia XZ from every angle. See Xperia XZ from every angle. Xperia XZ is available in a range of striking colours. The back is made from high purity ALKALEIDO™ metal, adding depth, shine and brightness to the finish.. Xperia XZ comes in a range of stunning colours. ALKALEIDO™ metal adds a premium touch to the back. Xperia XZ’s soft, rounded form is comfortable to hold. Sony's water resistant 1 design takes the worry out of a little wet. Xperia XZ is built to withstand the splashes that are a part of everyday life. So you can relax about sudden spills or unexpected showers.. Xperia XZ Intelligence The phone that gets smarter every day. Xperia XZ is the smartphone that gets smarter and more personal as you use it. It learns and adapts based on how you use your phone, giving you the best smartphone experience to date.. With Hi-Res Audio and DNC support, you can hear music as it was meant to be heard and block out everything else.. Everything you see is more vivid on this Full HD display with Sony’s BRAVIA® TV technologies built in.. 23 MP with triple image sensing technology / 13 MP front camera More about camera. Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 820, 64-bit Quad-core processor More about performance. Water-resistant 1 design More about design. 13.2 cm (5.2) Full HD display with curved glass More about display. There’s so much to discover with Xperia: from smartphones, tablets and Smart Products to exclusive offers and content. We want to help you do more.. Switching to Xperia? Xperia Transfer Mobile makes it easy to move over all your content.. With exclusive access to the latest movies, music and games, it’s your ticket to a world of entertainment.. Discover the benefits of Xperia and see how it can help you unlock the potential in your business. Our premium devices have everything you need and more to maintain the perfect work-life balance, anytime, anywhere.. 1 Xperia XZ is water resistant and protected against dust, so don’t worry if you get caught in the rain or want to wash off dirt under a tap water, but remember all ports and attached covers should be firmly closed. You should not put the device completely underwater; or expose it to seawater, salt water, chlorinated water or liquids such as drinks. Abuse and improper use of device will invalidate warranty. The device has been tested under Ingress Protection rating IP65/68. For more info, see https://support.sonymobile.com/in/dm/waterresistant/. Note the Xperia XZ has a capless USB port to connect and charge. The USB port needs to be completely dry before charging. 2 The result may vary depending on conditions and battery cell generation Definition: One cycle consists of charging to 100%, holding 20min at 100%, discharging to 0%, and waiting 20min at 0%. The procedures are performed with the battery held in a controlled steady temperature chamber. Reference charging is performed using the CCCV method. Span up to 2 times longer with Qnovo.. Store Locator Support Product Support Contact Support Support forum Xperia About Xperia Xperia in Business Smartphone photography Xperia & Android Sony Mobile About us News & blog Sustainability Sony & other sites About Sony Sony and the environment Developer World. Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Local channels. Copyright © 2011-2018 Sony Mobile Communications Inc. 
