GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900. 96 x 49 x 22.9 mm (3.78 x 1.93 x 0.90 in). 2.3 inches, 16.4 cm 2 (~34.8% screen-to-body ratio). 240 x 320 pixels, 4:3 ratio (~174 ppi density). 32-bit Intel XScale PXA270 312 MHz. Up to 240 h (2G) / Up to 240 h (3G). Up to 4 h (2G) / Up to 3 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Toshiba G500 - user opinions and reviews. Does anyone still use this phone?. very good phone sachin you have this. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Toshiba Excite Go Toshiba Windows Phone IS12T Toshiba G450 Toshiba G500 Toshiba Thrive Toshiba Excite Pro. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Argument 1 passed to PA_Affiliates_Amazon::checkItemPrice() must be of the type array, string given, called in /var/www/phonearena.com/public_html/_public/classes/affiliates/amazon.php on line 195. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. All Listings - Current page. Save toshiba g500 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow toshiba g500 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. FT Sony Toshiba Velocity ViewSonic GPS/PDA MP3 MP4 DC Auto Car Adapter Charger. BEATLES MICHELLE JAPAN TOSHIBA ODEON OP-4160 G500YEN. Toshiba C7F2G 500GB HDD Hard Drive 7.2K SATA 2.5" 16MB 512E S3 | Fast Free Ship. 2 new & refurbished from $39.99. Toshiba 8` Navigation Display LT080AB3G500 for AUDI A6/A6L/A8 C7/Q7. Lenovo IdeaPad 15.6" G500S LCD LED Matte Touch Screen +Digitizer LTN156AT29 GLP*. 1 new & refurbished from $53.10. Headlight Bulb-Standard- Single Commercial Pack Philips 85415C1. 34 new & refurbished from $59.99. Battery for Toshiba Portege G500, TS-BTR001, G71C0007Q110, 00015688. Battery 1200mAh for TOSHIBA Portege G500, type 553.4oz71C0007 Q110 TS-BTR001. Battery For TOSHIBA Portege G500 (p/n 00015688, G71C0007Q110, TS-BTR001) 1200mAh. Hard Drive Case For Toshiba 160G 250G 320G 500GB 750G 1TB 2TB Portable External. Hard Drive Case For Toshiba 160G 250G 320G 500GB 750G 1TB 2TB Portable External. New original lcd display Samsung UF24U101A for Toshiba portege G500 G 500. Dell C7F2G 500GB 7200 RPM SATA 6.0Gb/s 2.5" Laptop Thin Hard Drive MQ01ACF050. 37 new & refurbished from $43.95. Lenovo IdeaPad 15.6" G500S LCD LED Matte Touch Screen Digitizer LTN156AT29 GLP. 1 new & refurbished from $53.10. Dell C7F2G 500GB 7200 SATA 6.0Gb/s 2.5" Enterprise Hard Drive MQ01ACF050 + Tray. 37 new & refurbished from $43.95. LAPTOP ADAPTER CHARGER 19V 6.3A 120W FOR TOSHIBA Qosmio G50 F50 X500 G30-175 F50. Toshiba Satellite Pro U500-01G Laptop Genuine AC Power Adapter Lifetime Warranty. AC Adapter Cord Charger Toshiba Satellite P750-ST5N02 P500-ST2G02 P500-ST58E1. AC Adapter Cord Charger Toshiba Satellite P740-ST6GX1 P500-ST2G01 P500-ST5801. AC Adapter Charger Supply For Toshiba L305D-S5895 A500D-10U A210-16G L305D-S5900. 120W Power Adapter Charger Toshiba Qosmio G50 F50 X500 G30-175 F50 PA3717E-1AC3. AC Adapter charger supply for Toshiba Mini NB505-N500 NB305-N410BN-G 210-1095. AC Adapter For Toshiba Mini NB500-107 NB505-N508OR N508TQ NB550D-10G NB550D-109. Toshiba Satellite PRO L500-ez1520 Laptop Genuine AC Power Adapter Lifetime Warra. AC Adapter charger supply cord for Toshiba Mini NB500-107 NB550D-109 NB550D-10G. Toshiba Qosmio X505-Q885, 500GB HDD, 4 GB, 18.4" Display with 2nd Bay for HDD. Laptop Notebook AC Adapter / Charger Cable For Lenovo HP Dell Inspiron PA-21 Lot. AC Adapter Power For Toshiba Satellite G55-Q805 X500-Q840S X505-Q832 X505-Q850. Genuine new 19V 9.5A PA3546U-1AC3 adapter for Toshiba Qosmio X775 X500 X305 X505. Toshiba Pro L500 L550-EZ1702 Mini PLL10C-01G02U Ac adapter spare Supply Cord. Charger for Laptop Toshiba MiniNB100 NB200 NB205 NB255 NB300 NB500 AC Adapter. Toshiba Pro L500 L550-EZ1702 Mini PLL10C-01G02U spare Supply Cord Ac adapter. Toshiba Pro L500 L550-EZ1702 Mini PLL10C-01G02U Ac adapter spare Supply Cord. 90W Laptop AC Adapter Charger Power Supply for Toshiba P500-ST2G01, P500-ST2G02. 30W AC Adapter Charger for Toshiba Mini NB505-N500 NB505-N500BL Power Supply. Toshiba NB205-n310bn-G Laptop Genuine AC Power Adapter Lifetime Warranty. Toshiba Satellite L505 Intel I3, 15.6", 500gb, 4gb Ram DVD R/W Win 7 b/g/n wifi. HP EliteBook 820 G1 Core i5-4300U 1.9GHz 4GB New Toshiba 500gb HDD. Toshiba Satellite L500 (pslu9h-004004 ) Laptop Genuine AC Power Adapter Lifetime. New Just Laptops Toshiba Netbook NB500-107 NB500-111 Laptop AC Power Supply PSU. 60W Battery Charger Power for Toshiba Portege M300 m500 r100 r200 AC Adapter. New Just Laptops Toshiba Netbook NB500-12W NB500-135 Laptop AC Power Supply PSU. New AC Adapter for IBM Lenovo Ideapad G500 G530 G550 G555 Y450 Y530. ORIGIINAL 19V 6.32A 120W ADAPTER CHARGER FOR Toshiba Satellite P70 P70-ABT2G22. Genuine Original APD Toshiba Mini NB500 NB250 AC Adapter Power Supply Charger. 60W AC Adapter Charger for Toshiba MiniNB100 NB200 NB205 NB255 NB300 NB500 NB505. Pwr+ 180W for Toshiba Qosmio X75 X70 X875 X870 X775 X770 X505 X500 X305; Charger. New Just Laptops Toshiba Netbook NB510 NB500 NB550 AC Adapter Charger Laptop. Power AC Adapter 75wfor Toshiba Satellile L505 L500 L45-S7409 L455-S5981 Charger. Toshiba Satellite C55DT-B 15.6" Touchscreen Laptop AMD A8-6410 4GB DDR3 500GB. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Not finding what you're looking for? Save toshiba g500 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Argument 1 passed to PA_Affiliates_Amazon::checkItemPrice() must be of the type array, string given, called in /var/www/phonearena.com/public_html/_public/classes/affiliates/amazon.php on line 195. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Rated by : 31 user(s). Retail Price: N/A AP Price: N/A. The Toshiba Portege G500 is a high quality compact "slider" with full wireless push email support and Internet browsing that is able to take advantage of HSDPA and WiFi connections. These features are complemented by PC phone integration technology, a 2.3?QVGA screen and excellent battery life.. Fingerprint sensor feature for extra security and easy menu navigation Windows Mobile 5.0 Full connectivity with Triband, HSDPA, 3G, EDGE, Bluetooth? WiFi?and USB Extended PC connectivity High speed internet access with worldwide HSDPA, 3G or WiFi Direct Push Email 2 mega pixel camera Secondary camera for video telephony Support for VoIP 64MB of internal memory and support for miniSD card Music playback. Toshiba Portégé G500 Video Review Time: 7:51. Toshiba Portégé G500 Video Review Time: 7:51. Could Toshiba be making its own tablet?. Hotlink's First-Ever Postpaid Plan Gives You Unlimited Calls & SMS With No Contract. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ Malaysia Pricing Revealed, Starting From RM3,299. Specifications roundup for the Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S. Benchmark numbers for the MediaTek Helio P60 are out. Further Xiaomi Mi 7 details release. Huawei memperkenalkan kereta yang dipandu oleh Huawei Mate 10 Pro. MWC 2018 : Cara untuk menonton majlis pelancaran Asus ZenFone 5. Samsung Galaxy S9 mampu beroperasi selama sehari setengah tanpa pengecasan. Apple mengeluarkan kemaskini iOS 11.2.6 bagi membaiki iPhone yang terpadam secara tiba-tiba. Huawei Mate 10 kini boleh dimiliki pada harga RM 2,299 sahaja. Check out the latest prices for Mobile Phones in Malaysia. Last Updated On: For Sunday, February 25, 2018. Compare Price Powered by iPrice. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Toshiba Manuals Cell Phone G500 User manual Toshiba G500 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba Portege G710 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba PORTEGE G810 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba PORTEGE G910 User Manual. Cell Phone TOSHIBA TS10 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba A5517T Basic Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba Regza ISO4 Basic Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba regza T004 User Manual. Toshiba cell phone user guide (140 pages). Toshiba cell phone user manual (180 pages). Toshiba regza is series mobile phone basic manual (80 pages). Cell Phone Toshiba TG01 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba TS705 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba TS605 Technical & Service Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba SG4-E01 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba T-01B User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba 2032SP Online User's Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba W65T Basic Manual. Summary of Contents for Toshiba G500. Page 16: Restarting Your Toshiba Phone, Hard Resetting Your Toshiba Phone. Page 17: Safety Instructions, Wireless Lan Security, Bluetooth Security, Fcc Notice. Page 20: Phone Layout And Functions. Page 30: Switching The Power On And Off, Synchronizing. Page 31: Installing And Setting Up Activesync, Changing Activesync Settings. Page 33: Call Functions, Making A Call. Page 34: Creating A Speed Dial, Phone Number. Page 40: Creating A Contact From Call History. Page 41: Messaging, Text (sms) Messaging. Page 42: Forwarding A Message, Replying To A Message, Deleting A Message. Page 46: Create An Email Message. Page 47: Email Message, Replying To An Email Message. Page 48: Sending And Receiving Email, Downloading A Complete Email, Viewing An Attachment. Page 52: Setting Up A Data Connection. Page 55: Text Input, Input Methods, Method Indicators, Multi-press Mode. Page 56: Xt9 Mode, Numeric Mode. Page 57: Settings, Customizing Your Home Screen, Sounds. Page 59: Clock & Alarm Settings, Owner Information, Changing Accessibility Settings. Page 60: Changing Regional Settings, Security Settings. Page 64: Setting Call Waiting, Configuring Caller Id, Configuring Channels. Page 65: Removing Programs, Error Reporting. Page 66: Video Call Settings, Simlock Settings, Viewing The About Details. Page 67: Connectivity, Manual Set Up Of Your Data. Page 69: Creating A Proxy Connection, Creating A Vpn Connection. Page 70: Connecting To Intranet Urls. Page 72: Accepting A Bluetooth Partnership. Page 75: Checking For A Wireless Lan Signal, Wireless Manager. Page 78: Applications & Multimedia, Internet Explorer. Page 80: Locating A Task, Deleting A Task, Marking A Task As Complete. Page 86: Updating An Appointment, Deleting An Appointment. Page 88: Creating A Sim Contact, Adding A Picture To A Contact, Viewing And Editing A Contact. Page 89: Activesync, Call History, Settings. Page 90: Games, Voice Notes, Pictures & Videos. Page 91: Taking A Picture, Camera Settings. Page 92: Capturing A Video, Precautions When Using The Camera, Storing Pictures And Videos. Page 93: Opening A Picture, Sending A Picture. Page 98: Picsel Viewer, Pocket Msn, Sim Manager. Page 102: Muting The Microphone, Switching To Handsfree Mode. Page 105: Other Applications, Battery Information. Page 111: Health And Safety, General. Page 113: Electronic Devices, Battery Safety. Page 114: Ac Adapter And Cable Safety. Page 115: Emergency Calls, Fcc Rf Exposure Information. Page 116: European Rf Exposure Information. Licenses 11 Declaration of conformity 13 Care and maintenance 14 Care and maintenance 14 Restarting your Toshiba phone 15 Hard resetting your Toshiba phone 15 Safety instructions 16 Wireless LAN security 16 Bluetooth security 16 FCC notice 16 Information to user 17.... Table of contents Text Input 54 Input methods 54 Method indicators 54 Multi-press mode 54 XT9 mode 55 Numeric mode 55 Settings 56 Customizing your Home screen 56 Sounds 56 Profiles 57 Clock & alarm settings 58 Owner information 58 Changing accessibility settings 58 Changing regional settings 59 Changing power management settings.... Table of contents Connectivity 66 Automatic set up of your data connections 66 Manual set up of your data connections Bluetooth 70 Beams 73 Checking for a Wireless LAN signal 74 Wireless Manager 74 USB to PC 76.... Table of contents Applications & Multimedia 77 Internet Explorer 77 Tasks 78 Windows Media 80 Calendar 84 Messaging 86 Contacts 86 ActiveSync 88 Call History 88 Settings 88 Games 89 Voice Notes 89 Pictures & Videos 89 Accessories 93 Internet Sharing 93 File Explorer 94 FingerLaunch 94 GoldKey 95.... Table of contents Health and safety 110 General 110 Operating environment 111 Electronic devices 112 Battery safety 112 AC adapter and cable safety 113 Emergency calls 114 FCC RF exposure information 114 European RF Exposure Information 115 Purchase record 117 Menu Tree 118 Index 119.... Network Services To use your Toshiba phone you must have service from a wireless service provider. Many of the features Network Services in your Toshiba phone depend on features in the wireless network to function. These Network Services may not be available on all networks or you may have to make specific arrangements with your service provider before you can utilise Network Services.. This End User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you (as the user) and TOSHIBA CORPORATION ("Toshiba") with regard to the copyrighted software installed in a Toshiba 3G mobile phone supplied to you (the "Phone"). Use or employment of any software installed in the Phone and related documentations (the "Software"). Only during the warranty period for the Phone, Toshiba, Toshiba's affiliate, its suppliers or its authorized service company will repair or replace, at Toshiba's sole discretion, defective Software unless such defect results from acts or incidences beyond the reasonable control of Toshiba.. You agree that certain suppliers of the Software to Toshiba have a right as a third party beneficiary to enforce the terms of this EULA against you as a user.. Toshiba Corporation EU Warranty Your Toshiba phone contains no user serviceable parts. For further information on service please contact your retailer or service provider.. Licenses Licensed by QUALCOMM Incorporated under one Licenses Licenses or more of the following United States Patents and/ or their counterparts in other nations: 4,901,307 5,504,773 5,109,390 5,535,239 5,267,262 5,600,754 5,416,797 5,778,338 5,490,165 5,101,501 5,511,073 5,267,261 5,568,483 5,414,796 5,659,569 5,056,109 5,506,865 5,228,054 5,544,196 5,337,338 5,657,420 5,710,784 XT9 is trademark of Tegic Communications, Inc.. Licenses Wi-Fi CERTIFIED is a Certification Mark of the Wi-Fi Alliance Picsel, Picsel Powered, Picsel Viewer, Picsel File Viewer, Picsel Document Viewer, Picsel PDF Viewer and the Picsel cube logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Picsel Technologies and/ or its affiliates. ArcSoft and the ArcSoft logo are registered trademarks of ArcSoft, Inc.. Declaration of conformity Toshiba Court, Addlestone Road, Weybridge, KT15 2UL declare under our sole responsibility that this product (Portégé G500, Type (Model) Name RG4 - E01) is in conformity with the following standards and/ or other normative documents: 3GPP TS 51.010-1, 3GPP TS 34.121, EN 301 489-1, EN 301 489-7, EN 301-489-24, EN 300 328, EN 301 489-17, EN 60950 and EN 50360 We hereby declare that all essential radio test suites, EMC &.... • Do not use or store your Toshiba phone in dusty or dirty locations as the moving parts of the phone can be damaged.. Care and maintenance • If your Toshiba phone has a flash unit, do not operate the flash too close to a person’s eyes - this may cause damage to their eyes. • Interference may affect the performance of your Toshiba phone. This is normal and the phone should operate as usual once you move away from the source of the interference.. Without this security, your Toshiba phone carries the risk of unlawful access, wiretapping, and loss or destruction of data. You should set up your Toshiba phone to use the authentication and encryption features (WEP, WPA) in order to prevent such access.. Safety instructions Information to user This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits of a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation.. Getting Started Unpacking Getting Started Please ensure that the contents of your sales pack include: • Your Toshiba phone • AC adapter • AC cable • Battery pack • USB cable • Earphones • User guide • CD.... Getting Started Phone layout and functions 1. Side key - adjusts the volume. Back/Delete key - returns to the previous screen or used to delete a text entry. End key - ends calls/operations and returns to standby mode.. Power key - turns power on/off. Cover lock button - locks and unlocks battery cover. Getting Started Home screen You can access the Home screen from any menu by pressing the Home key. Important information such as date, time, status indicators, appointments and profile are displayed on the Home screen. You can open a program directly by selecting the relevant icon and pressing the Action key.. Getting Started Display indicators Slot Type Missed call icon Voice mail icons Notification icons Call forward icons Roaming icons Icon Description Missed call New Voicemail(s) New Voicemail(s) Voicemail on line1 Voicemail on line2 Voicemail on both lines New e-mail(s) or text message(s) New instant message(s) Incoming beam New OTA (OTA: Over The Air). Getting Started Slot Type Phone line icons Volume icons Radio signal icons Battery strength icons Text input mode (Only in Editor mode) Signal strength icons Icon Description 3G Roaming ALS 1 ALS 2 Vibrate Ringer Off Wi-Fi network in range Wi-Fi connected SP Battery level Battery alert.... Getting Started Slot Type Icon Description EDGE in progress Radio No signal or Radio On Hold Radio off Radio no service Dialling Call on hold No SIM card installed.... Getting Started Installing the SIM card, battery and miniSD card IMPORTANT: The SIM card is easily damaged by scratching and bending, so take care with handling it. • Press the Cover Lock button (1) down, lift the battery cover (2) upwards and remove the battery from the battery compartment.. Getting Started • Insert the battery into the battery compartment • Gently click battery cover (2) into position. with the gold connectors facing downwards. Gently push down to snap into place.. Getting Started • Slide the miniSD card into the miniSD slot (5). • To remove, press miniSD card inwards (5). The miniSD card will pop out (6).. .Connect your Toshiba phone to a PC with the USB cable. Ensure that your Toshiba phone is on before connecting it to your PC.. If a PIN or security code is requested, enter the code. To switch your Toshiba phone off, press and hold down the Power key. NOTE: The PIN code activates the services in your Toshiba phone and should be provided in the documentation supplied by your service provider.. Getting Started You can connect to your Exchange server using a cellular connection, or you can connect your Toshiba phone to your PC as a way of connecting back to the Internet. Installing and setting up ActiveSync You can either install ActiveSync from your.... Synchronizing Media Your Toshiba phone can synchronize media from your PC, such as music and video files. This is described in detail in Applications & Multimedia. Making an emergency call You can make calls to emergency service numbers under almost any circumstances, even if you have locked your Toshiba phone or if you have not enabled your SIM. Making a call by entering a contact name 1.. Call Functions Assigning the number You can assign a work phone number (w), mobile phone number (m) and a home phone number (h) to a contact. The mobile phone number is dialled by default, unless you expand the list and scroll down to the phone number required.. If the speed dial contains two digits, press the first digit, then press and hold the second digit. Your Toshiba phone dials the phone number, displays the new e-mail message, or opens the desired web page.. Joining two or more calls together in a conference call 1. With two calls active on your Toshiba phone, one active and the other on hold, select Menu > Conference. The two calls will be joined together and each party will be able to hear the other.. Call Functions Adding an additional party to the call 1. To add another party to the conference call, dial another person, again selecting Menu > Conference. Having a private conversation with a party 1. To do this you will need to split the conference call up.. Call Functions Inserting an automatic pause in a dialling sequence Some international calls may require a pause in the dialling sequence. From the Home screen, select Start > Contacts. Select the contact number in which you want to insert a pause, and then select Menu >.... Call Functions Answering or ignoring a video call • To answer an incoming call with video enabled, select Answer. • To answer an incoming call with video blocked, press the Send key. An image will be sent according to the current Video Call Settings (refer to the Settings section for further information).. Call Functions Delete all items in Call History To delete all items in Call History, select Start > Call History > Menu > Delete List. Finding a contact from Call History 1. From the Home screen, select Start > Call History.. • Text (SMS, Short Message Service) message • Outlook email • Multimedia message (MMS) You can also use the instant messaging application, MSN Messenger, from your Toshiba phone. This application enables online over-the-air chat, as well as providing access to your MSN Hotmail email account.. Press the Action key to check the Request message delivery notification box. Your request is sent to your Service Provider. Inserting predefined text into a message To save time when entering text, you can insert predefined text into a message: 1.. Messaging Email Before you can send or receive emails, you need to set up an email account. Your Toshiba phone supports the following types of email accounts (all of which are covered in this section): • Internet email (POP3/IMAP) • Exchange server (Outlook). Action key to check the box, if you wish to save your password to your Toshiba phone. WARNING: If you save your password and then lose your Toshiba phone, you run the risk of someone else being able to access your email account.. Action key to check the box, if you wish to save your password to your Toshiba phone. WARNING: If you save your password and then lose your Toshiba phone, you run the risk of someone else being able to access your email account.. One of the benefits of installing MSFP is the Server’s ability to send through new emails as they arrive to the Outlook client in your Toshiba phone. Once the ActiveSync completes successfully, select Start > Messaging > Outlook Email > Menu >.... Email messages are stored in your Outbox and are sent to recipients the next time you synchronize or connect to your email server. TIP: You can quickly enter email addresses from your contact list. Whilst in the To field, press the Action key and select a recipient from the list.. From the Home screen, select Start > Messaging. Select the email account that you want to send and receive messages. Your Toshiba phone connects to your Internet email server and sends and receives your messages. Downloading a complete email message 1.. Select the picture you want to add. NOTE: You can only view attachments for file types that are supported by your Toshiba phone. Digitally signing a message Digitally signing a message applies your certificate with the public key to the message.. Messaging An MMS can be made of many pages, also known as 'slides'. Each slide can hold an image, a sound and text, but you do not need to set all of these for each message. The maximum amount of content that can be sent in a message is set by your Service Provider.. and set all these options as required Receiving MMS messages Your Toshiba phone will alert you when a new MMS arrives. Depending on your settings, the MMS contents may download a few moments later when the message will be ready to view in your MMS Inbox.. Messaging Setting up the MMS account If your Toshiba phone has not been preconfigured, you will need to manually enter the details of the MMS account. This is a two-stage process: in the first stage you must set up the data connection, and in the second stage you must define the address of the MMS server on the Internet.. Messaging Pocket MSN Pocket MSN on your Toshiba phone provides almost instant access to your MSN Hotmail inbox, your MSN Messenger contacts list, and options for customizing your Pocket MSN experience. MSN Messenger is an instant messaging service hosted by MSN via the Internet. This service is currently free of charge.. After obtaining the credentials, complete the following tasks: 1. Set up a connection to the Internet with your Toshiba phone. Set up an MSN Messenger account. Text Input Input methods Text Input Your Toshiba phone has three text input methods: • Multi-press • XT9 • Numeric Multi-press and XT9 modes are used for text, and Numeric mode is used for number entry. Method indicators When you move the cursor into a field that requires you to enter text or numbers, it will auto-select an appropriate input method.. Text Input XT9 mode The allows you to enter words with only one keystroke per letter. Every key has more than one letter assigned to it. For example, pressing the 3 key can enter the letters D, E or F. XT9 mode compares your preceding keystrokes with an internal dictionary to formulate the most likely word.. • A pre-packaged file that includes a picture, a colour scheme and a new layout (.hme or.cab). TIP: You can copy an image to your Toshiba phone from your PC using ActiveSync. For best results, use images with the same screen resolution as your phone's screen resolution - 240 x 320 pixels.. Specifying the sound for an event 1. From the Home screen, select Start > Settings > Sounds. Select a sound, in an event. Your Toshiba phone plays each sound as you select it. Select None if you don't want to hear the sound.. Owner information Entering owner information could allow someone to return your Toshiba phone to you if it becomes lost. From the Home screen, select Start > Settings > More... Enter your name, alternative contact telephone number, e-mail address and any other necessary information in the fields provided.. Security settings It is advisable to apply certain security features in the event that your Toshiba phone is lost or stolen. In addition, some security features can be applied to prevent unauthorised use. You can apply the following security: •.... Locking the keypad Locking the keypad disables the keypad functionality. This is a helpful feature if, for example, your Toshiba phone is in your pocket and you want to prevent accidental keypresses. To lock the keypad: • From the Home screen, press and hold the Home key.. Enabling the device lock This security measure complements the SIM PIN feature to provide additional security to your Toshiba phone. It means that the phone is protected from unauthorised use. To enable the device lock: 1. From the Home screen, select Start > Settings >.... Busy - forwards calls when your line is busy. Unavailable - forwards calls when your Toshiba phone is off or out of service range. Data Calls - forwards all data calls. Fax Calls - forwards all fax calls. Choose the options you want, and select Done. Setting fixed dialling You can restrict your Toshiba phone to dial only the phone number(s) or area code(s) that you specify in a Fixed Dialling list. Error Reporting Turning Error Reporting on/off Error Reporting sends data from your Toshiba phone to technical support groups, who use the data to diagnose a program error for a device running Windows Mobile software. A text file is created whenever an error is detected, and can be delivered to support personnel if you choose to send it.. NOTE: If you activate the SIMLock, you will only be able to use the SIM card used when you activated SIMLock in your Toshiba phone. NOTE: To disable this feature, enter your 8 digit password and uncheck the Prompt if SIM unused for box.. Insert your SIM card and switch on your phone. You can find the shortcuts for the provisioning files in the Start menu of your Toshiba phone. They can be installed easily as follows: 1. Select Start > More > More. You find the required directory as the final icon.. IP address - enter the Internet Protocol (IP) address for the device, if required. Your Toshiba phone uses this connection when you connect to the Internet. Creating a dial-up connection NOTE: Every network connection is different.. Depending on your Service Provider's configuration, you may need to add a proxy connection to allow your Toshiba phone to access the Internet or WAP services. Every network connection is different and your Service Provider will be able to advise if you need to create a proxy connection.. Using a specific connection to connect to the chosen networks You must define a specific connection to the chosen networks, to connect your Toshiba phone to the correct access point for a particular data transfer type. To use a specific connection to connect to chosen networks: 1.. Connectivity Bluetooth Bluetooth has three modes: Off, On and Visible. When Bluetooth is set to On, your Toshiba phone will be connected to the devices it is already paired with, but will not be visible to new devices. Making your Toshiba phone visible to other Bluetooth devices Your Toshiba phone must be set to Visible to: • Receive data • Allow other Bluetooth devices to detect your Toshiba phone. • Offer services to other devices, such as Internet Sharing.. GPS receiver, or to connect to a Bluetooth-enabled printer. To set up an incoming Bluetooth COM port: 1. Ensure that your Toshiba phone is currently connected to the other device via Bluetooth. From the Home screen, select Start > Settings >.... > Connections > Beam > Receive incoming beams. Receiving beamed data For security reasons, your Toshiba phone is set by default not to receive beamed data. Ensure the Make this device visible to other.... You can check the current wireless connection status from the following three screens on your phone. • Today screen - If your Toshiba phone detects a Wireless LAN network connection, the Wireless LAN connection icon is displayed at the top of the Today screen.. Turning the telephony element on/off Switch the telephony radio transmission element of your Toshiba phone off by selecting the Phone icon. When a cross is displayed next to the receiver icon, your phone is in 'flight mode' for the telephony element.. Connectivity To stop the interference occurring, you need to do the following: • When using Bluetooth on your Toshiba phone, keep the phone and other Bluetooth devices at a distance of at least 10m from any devices using Wireless LAN.. Applications & Multimedia Your Toshiba phone is installed with the following Applications & Multimedia applications: • Internet Explorer • Tasks • Windows Media • Calendar • Messaging • Contacts • ActiveSync • Call History • Settings • Games • Voice Notes •.... Select a favourite, and select Go. Clearing history, cookies, or temporary files Following frequent use of the Internet, your Toshiba phone may accumulate data that uses up the storage capacity. It is advisable to delete certain files to free up the storage on your phone.. A new task item is displayed. NOTE: You can synchronize information on your Toshiba phone with your PC. This will keep your task list up to date in both locations. NOTE: If you create a new task with a.... Mobile You can use Windows Media 10 Mobile for Smartphone to play digital audio and video files that are stored on your Toshiba phone or on the Web. The Windows Media Player Mobile can play the following types of files by default: •.... Applications & Multimedia Overview of screens and menus Windows Media Player Mobile has three primary screens: • Playback screen - displays the playback controls (such as Play, Pause, Next, Previous, and Volume), the star rating of the current file, the album art window, and the video window.. Toshiba phone or it can specify how many times you can play a file on your Toshiba phone. The terms of the license are specified by the person or company that provided the file.. Applications & Multimedia Playing items on your Toshiba phone Use the library to find and play songs, videos, and playlists that are stored on your Toshiba phone or storage card. From the Home screen, select Start > Windows Media > Menu > Library.. The Calendar application works like an electronic diary, allowing you to organize your events. Your entries can then be displayed as reminders on your Toshiba phone. Also, if you also use Outlook on your PC, you can synchronize the information between your PC and your phone.. No to delete only the current occurrence. NOTE: When you delete a Calendar appointment on your Toshiba phone, it is also deleted on your PC the next time you synchronize. But if the appointment has not been synchronized with a PC, it will only be deleted from your phone.. Applications & Multimedia Changing the reminder time By default, the reminder time is set to 15 minutes prior to an appointment. From the Home screen, select Start > Calendar > Menu > Options. Scroll to Set reminders and change the time. Applications & Multimedia Creating a SIM contact Contacts can be created and stored on a subscriber identity module (SIM.) If you move the SIM to another phone, your SIM contacts are moved as well. From the Home screen, select Start > Contacts >.... Select Menu > Edit > Custom ring tone and select the ring tone you want. Sending contact information Using a text message, you can quickly send someone information about a contact in your contact list.. Applications & Multimedia Games To access the game son your Toshiba phone: 1. From the Home screen, select Start > More > Games. Voice Notes Creating a voice recording From the Home screen, select Start > More >.... Applications & Multimedia • Press the Camera key on the side of your Toshiba phone. Taking a picture Aim the camera at the subject and either: • Select the Left Softkey. • Press the Camera key on the side of your Toshiba phone.. Storing pictures and videos All pictures and video files taken with your Toshiba phone are saved on the phone memory by default. But, you can set your phone to save pictures and video files to your miniSD card.. • Play Slide Show - view all pictures in the current folder as a slide show. • Folders - view pictures stored in other folders on your Toshiba phone. • Options - configure the Pictures & Videos application. Opening a picture From within the Pictures &.... Down Navigation key - ‘-’ Action key - ‘=’ Download Agent The Download Agent manages the downloaded content on your Toshiba phone. To access the Download Agent, from the Home screen, select Start > More > Accessories > Download Agent.. Applications & Multimedia File Explorer Use the File Explorer tool to view and manage files saved in your Toshiba phone, or on the memory card. From the Home screen, select Start > More > File Explorer. Applications & Multimedia GoldKey Your Toshiba phone allows you to lock or unlock your PC remotely, via Bluetooth technology. Using the GoldKey application, this security operation is achieved by simply pressing a key on your Toshiba phone, or automatically with the Auto Lock option.. If the URL has not been entered, select Add, and enter the URL description followed by the web address. • To install from your Toshiba phone, select Local Files. All unloaded MIDlets stored in the Mobile Device folder are displayed. Select one from this list to install.. • Close - exits Picsel Viewer. Pocket MSN For more information please refer to the Settings section. SIM Manager SIM manager enables you to copy your contacts' information from your Toshiba phone to your SIM card or from your SIM card to your Toshiba phone.. Remote Screen With Remote Screen, you can replicate the main display of your Toshiba phone on a PC screen, and operate your Toshiba phone from the PC. Using the PC keyboard and Remote Screen GUI on the PC, actions on the PC are relayed to your Toshiba phone.. 1 through 0 keys - inputs the corresponding digits on the PC. Remote Screen Select the Remote Screen feature to input text data into your Toshiba phone using the PC input device. Connection method Select the Connection Method to connect your Toshiba phone to the PC. These connection methods are: Bluetooth, USB and Wi-Fi.. Applications & Multimedia TIPtalk The TIPtalk application enables you to: • Call an IP phone. • Check the online status of your contacts (Online, Offline, Away, or Busy). • Notify your contacts of your current online status (Online, Offline, Away, or Busy).. Applications & Multimedia Calling back using incoming call history You can store twenty contacts in the incoming call history contacts at any one time. To call back using incoming call history: 1. From within the TIPtalk application, select Menu > Show > Incoming Calls. Select Menu > Send Instant Message once the call has been connected. Enter your message in the second text box. Select Send to send your message. All the messages in the thread are displayed in the first message box.. Applications & Multimedia • Press the Right Navigation key to scroll right in the zoomed screen. • Press the Left Navigation key to scroll left in the zoomed screen.. Battery performance depends on many factors, such as your Service Provider's network configuration, signal strength, the temperature of the environment in which you operate your Toshiba phone, the features and/or settings you select and use, items attached to your phone's connecting ports, and your voice, data, and other program usage patterns.. Other applications PC requirements to run ActiveSync 4.2 The requirements for this section were published from Microsoft's website for ActiveSync 4.2: http://www.microsoft.com/windowsmobile/ downloads/as-sysreq42.mspx Supported operating systems for ActiveSync 4.2 • Windows 2000 Service Pack 4. • Windows Server 2003 Service Pack 1. Specifications Specifications System Information Processor Memory Operating System UMTS/HSDPA GSM/GPRS/EDGE Frequency Range Within 3G (UMTS) 2100 Within GSM 900 Within DCS 1800 Within PCS 1900 Continuous Talk Time Within 3G (UMTS) area Video Call Within GSM area Continuous Standby Time Within 3G (UMTS) area Within GSM area Charging Time.... Specifications Maximum Output Within 3G (UMTS) 2100 Within GSM 900 Within DCS 1800 Within PCS 1900 Weight AC Adapter Input Voltage Charging Temperature Range Display Resolution Audio/Video Codec Audio Video Class 3 0.25 W Class 4 Class 1 Class 1 Approx.. Specifications Connection Bluetooth Wireless LAN Interface Cable and Phone Charging Headset Connector Expansion Slot Bluetooth ver 2.0 + EDR (Power Class 2) GAP (Generic Access Profile) SPP (Serial Port Profile) HSP (Headset Profile) HFP (Hands Free Profile) PAN (Personal Area Networking) AVRCP (Audio/Video Remote Control Profile) A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) IEEE 802.11b/g.... Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Problem Possible Causes and Solutions Cannot turn the • Ensure that the battery is inserted correctly (pg 26). power on • Ensure that the battery is charged (pg 28). Cannot charge the • Ensure that the battery is inserted correctly. Health and safety General Health and safety • Always use your Toshiba phone in the intended manner. Only qualified service personnel should install or repair the phone and its accessories. • To avoid permanent damage to your Toshiba phone, use only Toshiba approved batteries and accessories.. Health and safety Operating environment • Do not handle your Toshiba phone while driving or when operating machinery. If you must handle the phone while driving, park the vehicle before conversing. If using an integrated hands free device, make sure the phone is securely placed in its holder.. • The battery can only be charged in temperatures between +5 °C (+41 °F) and +35°C (+95 °F). • Only use batteries approved by Toshiba and only recharge the battery with the recommended charger supplied by Toshiba. • When the charger is not in use, disconnect it from the power source.. • Do not use a damaged or worn AC adapter or cable. The use of a damaged or worn AC adapter or cable could result in electric shock, burns or fire. Contact an authorised Toshiba service provider immediately to obtain suitable replacements.. Do not rely solely on your mobile phone when you need to make emergency calls. FCC RF exposure information Your Toshiba phone is a radio transmitter and receiver. It is designed and manufactured not to exceed the emission limits for exposure to radio frequency (RF) energy set by the Federal Communications Commission of the U.S.. Telecommunications & Internet Association (CTIA) website at http://www.phonefacts.net. European RF Exposure Information Your Toshiba phone is a radio transmitter and receiver. It is designed not to exceed the limits for exposure to radio waves recommended by international guidelines. Health and safety The World Health Organization has stated that present scientific information does not indicate the need for any special precautions for the use of mobile devices. They state that if you want to reduce your exposure then you can do so by limiting the length of calls or using a ‘hands-free’.... Health and safety Purchase record For your future reference, we recommend that you fill in your purchase details in the form below. Serial Number*: Dealer Name: Purchase Date: * The serial number is printed on the bottom of the battery compartment.. Menu Tree Start Menu Tree Internet Explorer Tasks Windows Media Calendar Messaging 1 Text Message 2 Outlook Email 3 MMS 4 New Account Contacts ActiveSync Call History Settings 1 Phone 2 Sounds 3 Profiles 4 Home Screen 5 Clock & Alarm 6 Connections 7 Security 8 Remove Programs.... Index Numerics 3G coverage 109 AC adapter 18, 113 AC cable 18, 113 Accessibility 58 ActiveSync 29, 45, 105 Alarm 58 Attachment 47 Battery 26, 28, 104 Battery life 59 Battery pack 18, 109 Battery power 28, 104 Battery safety 112 Beam 73 Bluetooth 11, 70 Bluetooth connection 29, 72.... Index Earpiece 19 Email 40, 42 Emergency calls 32, 114 Exchange server 29, 30, 42, 45 FCC notice 16 File Explorer 94 Fingerprint 61 Flight mode 75 Forward a message 41 Games 89, 95 Hard Reset 15 Home screen 21, 56 Hotmail 40, 52 Information to user 17 Internet email account 42.... Index Opera Browser 96 Operating environment 111 Owner information 58 Phone charging connector 19 Picsel Viewer 97 Pictures 89 Pocket MSN 52 Receiving a call 34 Removing Programs 64 Reply to a message 41, 46 SIM card 25 SIM Manager 97 SIM PIN 59 SIM PIN enable 59 SMS 40.... Index XT9 Mode 55 Zoom 102.... By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Phone Arena reviews the Toshiba Portege G500, a WM5 smartphone with cute but rather thick design. The phone features WiFi, HSDPA and all the bells and whistles of the OS http://www.phonearena.com. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. How to Scrap old Cell Phones for *Gold Recovery. SED Electronics Market (Tablets Market) in Shenzhen walk-through. What is a Core i3, Core i5, or Core i7 as Fast As Possible. Toshiba Portege G910 Hardware and Features. Shiny Video Review: Toshiba Portege G500 Smartphone. Dubai Billionaires and Their Luxury Homes and Toys - Documentary. CB-100 Mini Android Projector Portable Travel Reviews. Toshiba Portege G810 Hardware & Features. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Gulfstream G500 , a Gulfstream Aerospace business jet. Logitech G500 , a corded laser mouse. Mercedes-Benz G500 , a four-wheel drive sport utility vehicle. Fortune Global 500 , an annual ranking of the top 500 corporations worldwide as measured by revenue. This disambiguation page lists articles associated with the same title formed as a letter-number combination. If an internal link led you here, you may wish to change the link to point directly to the intended article.. Categories : Letter-number combination disambiguation pages. Hidden categories: All article disambiguation pages All disambiguation pages. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 22 October 2016, at 06:22. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
February 26th, 2018 Apple RF Safety Accessories. Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Youtube Tumblr. SAR : 32-bit Intel XScale PXA270 312 MHz processor. Display : TFT, 65K colors, 240 x 320 pixels, 2.3 inches. Camera : 2 MP, 1600x1200 pixels. OS : Microsoft Windows Mobile 5.0. USA Legal Limit is 1.6 W/kg - FCC SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue.. European Legal Limit is 2.0 W/kg - EU SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over TEN grams of simulated biological tissue.. 96 x 49 x 22.9 mm. GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). 240 x 320 pixels, 2.3 inches. Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device. Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. 32-bit Intel XScale PXA270 312 MHz processor. Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol. Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Standby Time is the total amount of time that you can leave your is fully charged, turned on and ready to send and receive calls or data transmissions before completely discharging the battery. Talk Time is the longest time that a single battery charge will last when you are constantly talking on the phone under perfect conditions, Ambient temperature and highly dependent on the cellular network environment such as the distance to the closest cell network tower.. USA Legal Limit is 1.6 W/kg - FCC SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue.. European Legal Limit is 2.0 W/kg - EU SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over TEN grams of simulated biological tissue.. Be the first to add a Review. What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device?. Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Music and video players, playback quality, speaker sound and handsfree options. What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life?. Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. When you call someone, what is the voice quality you hear or vice versa, is speakerproduct working good during calls. What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing?. Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications?. What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this device.. Bluetooth Headset Dongle For 3.5 MM Air-tube Headsets. $ 19.99 $ 15.99. Law Enforcement Style Mono Ear Hook Acoustic Tube Headset (Single Bud). $ 14.99 $ 4.99. Law Enforcement Style Stereo Ear Hook Acoustic Tube Headset (Dual Bud). $ 24.99 $ 9.99. RF Safe Mono Air Tube Headset (Single Bud). RF Safe Stereo Air Tube Headset (Dual Buds). $ 3.99 $ 1.99. Medium Pocket Shield – Two Layer Shielding Pouch. Large Pocket Shield – Two Layer Shielding Pouch. More Cell Phones From Toshiba. Apple iPhone X Radiation Safety Package. Apple iPhone 8 Radiation Safety Package. Apple iPhone 8 Plus Radiation Safety Package. Samsung Galaxy S8 Radiation Safety Package. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Radiation Safety Package. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus. Apple iPhone 8 Plus vs Apple iPhone X SAR Levels. Apple iPhone 8 vs Apple iPhone 8 Plus. Essential PH-1 vs Apple iPhone 7. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs iPhone 7. NTP Study: Different Frequencies Used By AT&T’s GSM and Sprint’s CDMA May Cause Different Cancers. Wireless Industry admits it’s likely cell phone radiation warnings will be seen all across the country. Cancer expert says science merits need to reclassify phone radiation as a “Group 1 carcinogenic to humans”. RF Safe F-Series vs G-Series Phone Radiation Cases. RF Safe swiftly moves graphene from research lab to consumer marketplace with health conscious smartphone case. Study, ‘LOW SAR’ Non-Thermal Wireless Radiation Levels Can Be MORE Dangerous. Safesleeve Case Misleads Consumers For Years Until Exposed By California News Channel Review. Top Apple Investors Demand Action to Avert Smartphones Risk for Children. iPhone X SAR level is still unknown to public after being announced before FCC approval. Paradigm Shift Has Begun NTP Study on Cell Phones and Cancer. RF Safe™ and Peel-n-Shield™ are Trademarks of RF Safe Corporation. © RF Safe™ 1998-2017. 
Forget password? Remember me. A password will be e-mailed to you.. Monday, February 26, 2018 About Us Partners Tip Us Contact Us. iGadgetsworld - iGadgetsworld is a Gadgets & Tech blog covering technology stories, gadget reviews, latest tech trends, leaks & rumors on gadgets etc.. Home Lifestyle Travel Technology Wearable Tech Future 2020 Reviews. Electric Vehicles: Is India Ready for Next Big Revolution in the Automobile Industry?. Meet Neweex – The Most Versatile, Multi-functional Backpack You’ll Ever…. You’d Have Never Seen an Action Camera With These Features!. To Look Young, You Don’t Have to Spend $2000 in Beauty Salons; You can do it at…. Prev Next. Electric Vehicles: Is India Ready for Next Big Revolution in the Automobile Industry?. Meet Neweex – The Most Versatile, Multi-functional Backpack You’ll Ever…. Astrum HT600 Wireless Stereo Headphones Review – The Minimalistic Headphone…. You’d Have Never Seen an Action Camera With These Features!. Prev Next. Should You Invest in Bitcoin In 2018? Well, We Have an Answer for You!!. Myth or Fact?! Do Cell phones cause Cancer?. Bitcoin Mining Rig – Creating Bitcoin Mining Rig using Samsung S5s. Pi: World’s First Contact less, Wireless Charger for Smartphones Is Finally A…. Prev Next. Astrum HT600 Wireless Stereo Headphones Review – The Minimalistic Headphone…. The all new Bose QC35 II is out, with Google Assistant support. HyperX Cloud Stinger Gaming Headphones Review. Aryzon – The Cardboard of 3D Augmented Reality for every Smartphone. Prev Next. Are Fully Solar-Powered Cars finally a reality?. You’d Have Never Seen an Action Camera With These Features!. Palm Drone: A New Ultra-affordable Pocket-Sized Drone is about to make its entry!. Aryzon – The Cardboard of 3D Augmented Reality for every Smartphone. Prev Next. Quantum QHM 10KP 10000mAh Powerbank Review. Astrum HT600 Wireless Stereo Headphones Review – The Minimalistic Headphone…. Honor 7X Review – the best budget phone available?. Honor View 10 Review – What’s the story behind this AI phone?. Prev Next. Home Editorials Fingerprint scanner on Phones: History & Evolution, but do we really need that?. Fingerprint scanner on Phones: History & Evolution, but do we really need that?. By Jayaditya Chakrabarty Last updated Feb 25, 2018. Toshiba G500, allegedly the first phone with fingerprint scanner HTC P6500 has a fingerprint scanner with a weird look The future, and do we really need Fingerprint Scanner on phones?. Recently we have seen the rise of fingerprint scanners. All started from flagships and now, even on budget smartphones, you can find them. Now, if any brand launches a flagship device and it doesn’t have a fingerprint scanner, many people take it to be a con as fingerprint scanner= security+accesiblity+SWAG (maybe) 😛. I just met with Galaxy S5, something totally mind. blowing at that time as it was waterproof and had a fingerprint scanner. And later on, the list seemed to grow up, as Samsung kept following the tradition with Galaxy S6 and the latest Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge as well, putting a fingerprint scanner right on the home button. But that wasn’t Samsung who introduced this cool security feature. So, we will be looking into the history a bit today and will also try to figure out why it has been so necessary on smartphones.. The first phone with a working fingerprint sensor wasn’t from Samsung, neither Nokia. Back in 2007, when we used to see phones running Windows Mobile 7 or 7.5 (probably, I can’t remember), most popular Windows Mobile phones were from HTC, Palm and we used to see Windows Mobile on PDAs from HP (I remember trying out someone’s PDAs, which was made by HP running Windows Mobile). Back then, Toshiba came out with Toshiba G500, along with G900. Just a little later HTC joined the league and launched. And here’s HTC P6500, which actually looks pretty weird.. Later Acer M900 and LG GW820 eXpo followed the trend in 2009 and Motorola joined a little later in 2010 with Motorola ES400.. modern-day fingerprint scanner revolution started from the time iPhone 5S was launched, and TouchID was something which attracted the consumers. At first, the fingerprint scanner was used just for unlocking the device, but now it is also capable of making secure transactions. Later on, Samsung followed Apple and came up with a swipe fingerprint scanner which was also supported by PayPal, back in 2014. Since then we have been watching more and more OEMs coming up with fingerprint scanner enabled phones. Right now, the number is increasing rapidly and there are hundreds of phones with a fingerprint scanner.. Now, the fingerprint scanner is not a feature that you would just find on flagship phones. Even a phone like Coolpad Note 3 Lite , which roughly costs around $100 has an excellent fingerprint scanner and there are some really good and responsive fingerprint scanners on phones like Redmi Note 3, Honor 5X and a few more.But Apple rules till now, a new patent filed by Apple hints that they have plans to build sensors into smartphones screens,. meanwhile Sonavation announced that their ultrasonic fingerprint sensor can function beneath Gorilla Glass. Apple rules till now, a new patent filed by Apple hints that they have plans to build sensors into smartphones screens,. meanwhile, Sonavation announced that their ultrasonic fingerprint sensor can function beneath Gorilla Glass. Both these points hint that we will soon get a lot of security without compromising the size of the display. Also, NTT DoCoMo and Fujitsu are ahead in the race of providing world’s first embedded iris scanner.. Probably no, not for everything we do at least. Well, for unlocking a phone it’s effective enough but just think about it- You got kidnapped and the kidnappers want to make a call using your phone, if you have a PIN/password or pattern for unlocking you can simply say that you have forgotten that, but in case of fingerprint scanner they can easily forcefully get your finger pressed against the scanner and unlock it.. Also, fingerprint scanning can be good for local security, but a two-factor authorization is important just like it is used in some security systems, mostly banks, so that whenever you register a fingerprint it will give you a unique key and in that case, if your phone gets stolen and your fingerprint security is compromised, just if you can be fast enough you can use a secondary device, enter the recovery key and revoke access to the device and recover everything. That can be a pretty good idea. Remember, passwords can be generated infinitely, but fingerprints can’t be. Some people may disagree to that, and the choice completely varies from person to person. But, reply to a new technology without a secondary. recovery option isn’t probably a good idea.. Now, forget about threats- Image you just met an accident and your right hand got a serious injury, now you will just have to rely on secondary options like PIN/password or a pattern may be, and they can be bypassed. Recently, on Android 5.0 Lollipop a major bug was found due to which someone could bypass lock screen. And in this context, I would like to mention an XDA user’s comment here. “I have a large scar on the pad of my right thumb which makes my S5 have difficulty reading my print (im VERY right handed) and it became so cumbersome, i disabled it after about 2 days, and i got my S5 6 days after it was released.”. So, basically, nothing is perfect and works out every time. If you’re fine with the cons, and just want to use the fingerprint scanner to unlock your device it’s fast and secure enough. However, we’re waiting for iris scanners on smartphones that will start another revolution for sure. What’s your opinion about fingerprint scanners on smartphones? Are they safe and reliable or just okay? Let us know in the comments section below.. Share Facebook Twitter Google+ ReddIt WhatsApp Pinterest Email. The Contributing writer at iGadgetsworld, a student currently studying B.tech (ECE) in IMPSCET. He is mostly interested in custom ROMs, apps and everything related to Android, though he has a good experience and knowledge about other platforms like BlackBerry and Windows Phone. To meet him or just to say a "hi" follow the social icons below.. Will Nokia Comeback in 2016 ? [5 Predictions]. Moto G4: Specifications probably leaked, also hints a fingerprint sensor on front. You might also like More from author. Will Iris Scanner Be The Next Big Step Towards Smartphone Security?. 3rd anniversary of Steve Job’s death: Top 5 lessons you should learn from him. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. 5,636 Likes 1,388 Followers 196 Followers 510 Followers. Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.. Electric Vehicles: Is India Ready for Next Big Revolution in…. Quantum QHM 10KP 10000mAh Powerbank Review. Meet Neweex – The Most Versatile, Multi-functional…. Astrum HT600 Wireless Stereo Headphones Review – The…. Prev Next. Facebook Join us on Facebook Twitter Join us on Twitter Google+ Join us on Google Instagram Join us on Instagram. About Sitemap Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact Us. © 2018 | iGadgetsworld - Gadgets & Tech Blog. Home Lifestyle Travel Technology Wearable Tech Future 2020 Reviews. Electric Vehicles: Is India Ready for Next Big Revolution in the Automobile Industry?. Meet Neweex – The Most Versatile, Multi-functional Backpack You’ll Ever…. You’d Have Never Seen an Action Camera With These Features!. To Look Young, You Don’t Have to Spend $2000 in Beauty Salons; You can do it at…. Prev Next. Electric Vehicles: Is India Ready for Next Big Revolution in the Automobile Industry?. Meet Neweex – The Most Versatile, Multi-functional Backpack You’ll Ever…. Astrum HT600 Wireless Stereo Headphones Review – The Minimalistic Headphone…. You’d Have Never Seen an Action Camera With These Features!. Prev Next. Should You Invest in Bitcoin In 2018? Well, We Have an Answer for You!!. Myth or Fact?! Do Cell phones cause Cancer?. Bitcoin Mining Rig – Creating Bitcoin Mining Rig using Samsung S5s. Pi: World’s First Contact less, Wireless Charger for Smartphones Is Finally A…. Prev Next. Astrum HT600 Wireless Stereo Headphones Review – The Minimalistic Headphone…. The all new Bose QC35 II is out, with Google Assistant support. HyperX Cloud Stinger Gaming Headphones Review. Aryzon – The Cardboard of 3D Augmented Reality for every Smartphone. Prev Next. Are Fully Solar-Powered Cars finally a reality?. You’d Have Never Seen an Action Camera With These Features!. Palm Drone: A New Ultra-affordable Pocket-Sized Drone is about to make its entry!. Aryzon – The Cardboard of 3D Augmented Reality for every Smartphone. Prev Next. Quantum QHM 10KP 10000mAh Powerbank Review. Astrum HT600 Wireless Stereo Headphones Review – The Minimalistic Headphone…. Honor 7X Review – the best budget phone available?. Honor View 10 Review – What’s the story behind this AI phone?. Prev Next. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. TOSHIBA G450 MINI MOBILE CELL PHONE. HTC S710 'Vox' Toshiba G500 Preview. Toshiba Portege G910 Hardware and Features. How to Scrap old Cell Phones for *Gold Recovery. Shiny Video Review: Toshiba Portege G500 Smartphone. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
This page may be out of date. Save your draft before refreshing this page. Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page.. What was the first phone to have a fingerprint scanner?. Gaurav Pal , works at Raj Belts & Wallets. The first mobile phone with a fingerprint scanner was the Toshiba G500 and G900 in 2007. In 2012, Apple acquired AuthenTec, a company focused on fingerprint reading and identification management software, for $356 million. The acquisition led commentators to expect a fingerprint reading feature.But first publically launched device with Fingerprint sensor is Motorola Atrix launched in 2011.. 6k Views · View Upvoters. We all know that iPhone 5S was the first phone that came with a fingerprint scanner. Which was the second phone with one and when was it relea.... How accurate is the iPhone 5s' fingerprint scanner?. Which was the your first phone having a fingerprint scanner?. Which is better, fingerprint scanner at the front side or back side of the phone?. Is there a fingerprint scanner in the Redmi 4?. Parameswaran B Annapoorani , Android geek!. Answered Feb 7 · Author has 205 answers and 517.2k answer views. First mobile phone to ever have a fingerprint scanner was Toshiba G500 and G900. Both of these phones were actually way ahead of their time. They ran Windows operating system, had 3G connectivity, had a secondary camera and also had fingerprint sensors. These were announced in 2007 but never launched in the market.. The first device publicly available device to have fingerprint sensor was Motorola Atrix , which launched in 2011. All of these phones used an optical sensor.. The first device to have capacitive fingerprint sensor was iPhone 5s and the first device to have under-screen fingerprint sensor is Vivo’s unnamed device.. 1.6k Views · View Upvoters. promoted by MIT Sloan Executive Education. 3-month advanced online course by MIT Sloan. Learn the design thinking approach & increase your success rate for innovation substantially. The feedback you provide will help us show you more relevant content in the future.. Sourav Kalia , Focused on Studies. The first mobile phone with a fingerprint scanner was the Toshiba G500 and G900 in 2007. But first publically launched device with Fingerprint sensor is Motorola Atrix launched in 2011. 8.2k Views · View Upvoters. The first mobile phone with a fingerprint scanner was the Toshiba G500 and G900 in 2007. In 2012, Apple acquired AuthenTec, a company focused on fingerprint reading and identification management software, for $356 million.. Nitesh Kumar Tiwari (सोनू) , Used almost all smartphone OEMs that're present in India!. It was the Toshiba G500 and G900 in 2007.. But first publically launched device with FP scanner was Motorola Atrix, launched in 2011.. 2.1k Views · View Upvoters. Answered Jun 23, 2017 · Author has 162 answers and 76k answer views. I remember googling about this a few months ago. I first thought iPhone 5s was first phone with fingerprint scanner but learned that Motorola Atrix was the one with first fingerprint sensor. It had fingerprint scanner up top unlike common ones available now. In this phone one had slide his finger in order for phone to recognize the print and unlock the phone.. 9.3k Views · View Upvoters. Get all 4,800 online video courses. Plans start at $9.99 a month.. Video courses in technology, programming, data science, finance, mobile apps, design and business.. The feedback you provide will help us show you more relevant content in the future.. How does a fingerprint scanner work on a smartphone?. How do you use the fingerprint scanner on a Samsung Galaxy J7?. Can we use a USB fingerprint scanner for unlocking a phone?. How is it possible to build a fingerprint scanner inside of the screen?. How can I fix a fingerprint scanner on my Infinix Zero 4?. How secure is the fingerprint scanner on the HTC 10?. How do I make a fingerprint scanner using my phone parts?. How can we store the fingerprint scanner to the cloud systems and retrieve?. How do I enable the fingerprint sensor for all apps in my Moto G5 Plus?. If your phone has a fingerprint scanner and someone steals it, can they unlock it still?. Still have a question? Ask your own!. We all know that iPhone 5S was the first phone that came with a fingerprint scanner. Which was the second phone with one and when was it relea.... How accurate is the iPhone 5s' fingerprint scanner?. Which was the your first phone having a fingerprint scanner?. Which is better, fingerprint scanner at the front side or back side of the phone?. Is there a fingerprint scanner in the Redmi 4?. How does a fingerprint scanner work on a smartphone?. How do you use the fingerprint scanner on a Samsung Galaxy J7?. Can we use a USB fingerprint scanner for unlocking a phone?. How is it possible to build a fingerprint scanner inside of the screen?. How can I fix a fingerprint scanner on my Infinix Zero 4?. A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z. About · Careers · Privacy · Terms · Contact. 
Quizzes Lists Trending Games. Sign up / Login. This is the link to YOUR page on Revolvy. By proceeding I agree to the Revolvy. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Portable Audio & Accessories Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Best Sellers MP3 Players Accessories Wearable Technology Digital Music Store Trade-In All Electronics. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Mini 10W Car / Auto DC Charger designed for the Toshiba G500 with Gomadic Brand Power Sleep technology - Designed to last with TipExchange Technology. Be the first to review this item. Ships from and sold by Gomadic Corp. Intelligent circuit provides precise output voltage and resistor configuration specific to the Toshiba G500. This ensures battery is safely and efficiently charged without affecting battery longevity.. Gomadic TipExchange Technology protects your investment by providing a means to change/upgrade your charger by simply swapping the physical charging tip. (Charging tip for Toshiba G500) included with additional tips sold separately). Charger provides a full 10W (2,000mAh) of available current in a small form factor a little over 1 inch long. Flexible, straight cable measure 50 inches in total length.. Uses latest state of the art advancements in charging and surge suppression technologies to deliver a unique product in an unbelievably micro-sized form factor.. Power Sleep"" feature will cut power draw of charger by over 99% when not in use. Charger will draw less than 0.1W of power when in ""ready state"" (e.g. not connected to the Toshiba G500).. Find the latest gadgets from today's brightest startups on Amazon Launchpad. Get a $75.00 statement credit after first Amazon.com purchase made with new Discover it® card within 3 months. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. We believe this is the most powerful, durable, and flexible rapid car charger available today for the Toshiba G500. In the rapidly commoditized vehicle charger market where manufacturers all compete for the lowest price offering, Gomadic stands alone. We have integrated the latest in advanced charging circuitry using only high quality components, miniaturized it to fit on a circuit the size of a dime, and then backed it with a lifetime warranty, to produce a charger without compare. Built to outlast the Toshiba G500 that it will charge, Gomadic TipExchange Technology was added to ensure that the charger can be easily upgraded when your device is. The Toshiba G500 is a quality product that deserves to be protected by a quality charger!. 2.4 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). Be the first to review this item. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. There are no customer reviews yet.. 5 star 5 star (0%) 0% 4 star 4 star (0%) 0% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 1 star (0%) 0%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
USD $ EUR € GBP £ CAD $. Home Contact UnlockBase Cable Unlock Software Currency: USD Support e-mail Track your Order LOGIN. $ USD € EUR £ GBP $ CAD. Is this product being sold elsewhere for a lower price?. Price match requests are handled by professional sourcing staffs.. Please fill in the short form below and we will try to work with our suppliers to match their price or provide an even better deal.. If the reported product is identical to our product, and lower priced sources are found, prices on product pages will be updated within 48 hours (Mon-Fri) after price match is received.. Unless you are already on our newsletters list, we will not send any e-mail to you that are not related to this review.. Step 2/4 : Provide your IMEI & E-Mail. Order the Unlock Code of your Toshiba G500. When I order an Unlock Code for my Toshiba G500, what will I receive?. With all Toshiba G500 Unlocking Code orders we usually deliver a complete set of unlocking codes. Most of the time you just need the Network Code (NCK) but when needed you'll also receive Unfreeze Code, Reset Key, or Service Provide Code. In the same email that includes your unlock code(s), you will also receive complete instructions on how to use it. Usually, you just insert the SIM card in the phone you want to use and the phone will prompt you for the unlock code. In case you need any assistance, our customer support is always there to answer any questions you might have. We will get back to you within less than 12 Hours from Monday to Friday.. Please select the Network your G500 is locked to:. Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa (Islands) Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman (Islands) Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo (Democratic Republic of) Cook (Islands) Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji (Islands) Finland France French Guyana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada (Island) Guadeloupe Guam (Island) Guatemala Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Moldova Monaco Mongolia Monténégro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Reunion (Island) Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Lucia Saint-Barthélemy Saint-Kitts and Nevis Saint-Pierre and Miquelon Saint-Vincent Samoa (Islands) San Marino San Marteen (French Part) Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles (Islands) Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks And Caicos (Islands) Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States - USA Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe. I don't know the name and country of the original network provider. I accept the Terms & Conditions. Important: Select the Current Network your Toshiba G500 is Locked to. Do NOT select the network you want to use.. 1 - Switch ON your phone with a not Accepted SIM Card, 2 - Enter the Unlock Code we send to you. Insert Non Vodafone SIM into the handset and power on. The display will show Enter Network Unlock Code. Enter **00012* then 47369761 followed by #, then press the centre menu key. The display will now show Done. Switch the phone off and on. The phone will now be unlocked. Any suggestion? Want to help us improve our Guideline to unlock Toshiba G500 ? or those are not accurate ? Please contact us. UnlockBase is an incorporated company, we've been unlocking cell phones for 7 years now and strives to provide the best service for our clientele.. All products, and company names, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed are registered® and/or unregistered trademarks™ of their respective owners. UnlockBase is not associated with or sponsored by Toshiba. The authors of this web site are not sponsored by or affiliated with any of the third-party trade mark or third-party registered trade mark owners, and make no representations about them, their owners, their products or services.. Rated 4.9 out of 5 from 9201 reviews. I give 4 stars because they send me several code instead of 1 code it's very annoying because I have to try several codes before I get one works other provider only provide one code.. I had a problem but they resolved it quickly. I recommend this website to anybody who wants their phone unlocked. Once again thank you and I have been using this website for over six years. Very simple process which worked first time - received codes within 3 days. Телефон разблокировали очень быстро сервисом очень доволен хотя и чуть-чуть дороговато. UB Software Limited - 156 Shirley Street & Mount Royal Avenue - Nassau – The Bahamas. Registration Number 1784454 - Copyrighted by Copyright Deposit - Monitored by CopyScape - DO NOT COPY. 
Our catalog is daily updated, only the highest quality!. Download free mobile wallpapers for Toshiba G500. Abstract Animals Anime Architecture Auto Background Brands Cartoon Cinema Fantasy Food Funny Games Holidays Insects Landscape Objects People Pictures Plants Sports Transport. Black Gray White Yellow Green Turquoise Blue Violet Red Orange. Wallpapers 128x160 Wallpapers 240x320 Wallpapers 240x400 Wallpapers 320x240 Wallpapers 320x480 Wallpapers 360x640 Wallpapers 480x800 Wallpapers 540x960 Wallpapers 720x1280 Wallpapers 800x480 Wallpapers 1024x600 Wallpapers 1024x768 Wallpapers 1080x1920 Wallpapers 1280x800. At our site you can find tons of different hd backgrounds. For downloading any Toshiba G500 wallpaper totally free - click the link below, choose the one you like and just download the picture. You can upload images to our site and make your own wallpapers. Free download available for all content on Mob.org. All pictures are grouped by colour, size and keywords, and also you can sort all screensavers for Toshiba G500 by popularity or date of their adding to our collection.. To view mobile wallpapers for Toshiba G500, click the button:. Download free wallpapers for Toshiba G500 mobile phone.. Please, select version of your platform. Why do I need to select the version of my platform?. To select compatible games for your device, we need to know the version of your platform.. How to find out the version of my platform?. Download free wallpaper for Toshiba G500!. At our site we have selected the best content and you can get for free any wallpaper. Download any picture very quick and easy. All screensavers for Toshiba G500 phones were found freely distributed on the internet or added by our users. Your device will be even cooler with new interface! You can also upload and create your own backgrounds for Toshiba G500 and download them to your phone.. - Toshiba G500 のための壁紙を無料でダウンロードします - 为Toshiba G500下载免费图片 - Baixar imagens para Toshiba G500 grátis - Fondos y protectores de pantalla gratis para teléfono Toshiba G500 - Les images gratuites pour le portable Toshiba G500 - Kostenlose Bilder für Handy Toshiba G500. 
Quizzes Lists Trending Games. Sign up / Login. This is the link to YOUR page on Revolvy. By proceeding I agree to the Revolvy. 
Home Brands Top List Feature List Contact Compare Phones. SORT RESULTS BY DATE NAME PRICE. Toshiba G500 Discontinued Dimension 96x49x22.9mm (3.78x1.93x0.9") Weight 135gr (4.76oz) Form Factor Slide Material Colors Metal Frame Display Resolution 240x320px Display Size 36x47mm (1.42x1.85") ~174PPI Display Diagonal 2.3" Display Type 65k TFT Secondary Display Resolution Input Navigation Joystick / Button Numeric Keypad Talk Time 4 hours - 2G 3 hours - 3G Standby Time 10 days OS Windows Mobile 5.0 Java MIDP 2.0 Vibration Available Ringtone Polyphonic Chipset Processor 312MHz GPU Ram 64MB Internal Memory 64MB External Memory miniSD Camera Resolution 2 Megapixel Camera Flash Camera Lens Optical Zoom Front Camera 0.3 Megapixel Second Front Camera Front Camera Flash Other Functionalities Fingerprint Scanner Speaker Mono Battery Capacity 1200mAh Battery Type WIMAX WiFi Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g UPnP NFC USB v1.1 Bluetooth v2.0 Positioning System TV Receiver TV Out Audio Output Radio Ethernet Infrared Network Compatibility GSM 1800, 1900, 900 UMTS 850, 2100, 1900 HSPA 850, 2100, 1900 SIM Cards Mini PTT HSCSD GPRS Class 10 EDGE Class 10 AMPS CDMA2000 1xEV-DO Price Range -. A very creditable first attempt from Toshiba, with only a few niggles letting it down slightly. Toshiba G500 is a slider smartphone running on Windows Mobile 5 OS. We don't like that it doesn't use WM6 but appreciate the built-in WiFi and the HSDPA 3.6Mbit/s which allow for ... Toshiba G500 vs Nokia 6500 Slide. Toshiba G500 vs Nokia 6500 Slide. FIND / COMPARE PHONES BRANDS Apple HTC LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony All Brands TOP LISTS Fastest CPU Slimmest Cell Phones More OTHER SECTIONS Feature List. We cannot guarantee the validity of information found here. Global United States United Kingdom India Türkish Arabic Spanish Portuguese Tablet Website. 
Toshiba G500 mobile phone overview, Toshiba G500 prices and specifications.. org » Mobile phones catalogue » Toshiba. Select brand Apple Fly HTC LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony-Ericsson Alcatel BenQ-Siemens Mobiado Philips Sagem Vertu 3Q 4Good Acer AEG AGGRESSOR AIEK Ainol AirOn AKMobile AllView Amazon AMOI Ampe AnexTEK ANYCOOL AnyDATA Archos Ark Assistant ASTRO ASUS Audiovox bb-mobile BBK BELLFORT Benefon BenQ Bird BlackBerry Blackview Bliss BLU Bluboo Borton Bosch BQ BRAVIS Caterpillar Changhong Cherry Mobile CHUWI Colorfly Conquest Contixo Coolpad CROWN Cube Cubot Daewoo Dboiz DELL DESTEN DEXP Digma Discovery Dmobo DNS Donod DOOGEE Doro Phoneeasy Dunobil E-ten ECOO Effire EKEN Elari Elenberg Elephone Emol Emote Energy Sistem eNOL Eplutus Ergo Ericsson ESTAR Etuline EVOLVEO Evromedia Explay Ferguson FLYCAT FREETEL Fujitsu Fujitsu-Siemens G-Plus Garmin Garmin Asus Gazer General Mobile GEO-MOBILE GEOFOX Getac Giga GigaByte Gigaset Ginza Ginzzu Gionee Globex GOCLEVER GoldStar GoldVish Google Gresso Grundig GSmart Gtran Haier Highscreen Hisense Hitachi HOLLEY COMMUNICATIONS HOMTOM HP Huawei Hugerock Hyundai i-Mate i-Mobile iBall IconBit IEI iKids Impression iNew INFINIX InFocus Innos Innostream INTEX Aqua iOcean IQM Irbis iRu Irulu IUNI Jeka Jiayu Jinga JOA Telecom Jolla Just5 Karbonn Kata Kazam KENEKSI Kenned KENXINDA Kiano KingSing KINGZONE Konka KREZ Krome Kruger&Matz Kyocera Lark Lava Leagoo Lenco Lenovo LeTV LEXAND Luckystar Luxpad Magic Manta MaxCom Maxon Maxvi Mediacom MEDION Meizu Micromax Microsoft MicroXperts MIJUE Mitac Mito Mitsubishi Mlais Modecom MTS MyPhone MyTab MyWigo NEC Neffos NeoNode Newgen Newman NO.1 Nomi NOUS NTT NVIDIA O2 OINOM Onda OnePlus OPlus Oppo ORRO ORSiO OUKITEL Overmax Oysters Palm Panasonic Pantech Pantech-Curitel Perfeo Phicomm PiPO Pixus Plark PlayPad PocketBook Point of View Porsche Premier Prestigio PULWIN Qmobile Qtek Qumo RangerFone Reellex RITZVIVA Roadmax Rolsen Rover PC RoverPad RugGear Runbo S-TELL Sanyo Seals Seekwood Sendo Senseit SerteC Sewon Sharp Siemens Sigma mobile Siswoo Sitronics SK Skylink SkyTiger Skyvox Smartisan SMS Technology Australia SoftBank Song Sonim Sony Soutec Stark SUGAR Supra Synertek T-Mobile Teclast Tel.me. Tele2 TELEFUNKEN Tengda Tesla TeXet ThL Tonino Lamborghini Toplux Torex Torson Toshi Toshiba TrekStar Turbo TurboKids TurboPad TwinMOS Ubiquam Uhans Ulefone UMI Venso Verico Vernee VERSIYA VERTEX Videocon ViewSonic Viking VK Corporation Vkworld Voxtel Watchtech Wexler Wiko Wileyfox Withus X-Digital Xcute xDevice Xiaomi XOLO Yarvik YEZZ Yota Zakang Zetta Zopo ZTE ZUK Билайн МегаФон. Select model 803T 903T dynaPad WT12PE-A64 Excite Go 7.0 Excite Write G500 Portege G450 Portege G710 Portege G810 Portege G900 Portege G910 / G920 Satellite Click 10 Satellite Click mini TG01 TS605 TS608 TS808 TS 10 TS 921 V904T. Android games for Toshiba G500. Live wallpapers for Toshiba G500. HTC LG Samsung Motorola Fly Sony-Ericsson Apple Nokia. Mobiado Vertu BenQ-Siemens Sagem Alcatel Philips. BRAVIS Digma Energy Sistem KREZ Kata Oppo OnePlus RugGear Wexler Impression Xiaomi SUGAR Cubot UMI DOOGEE BQ iOcean iNew KENEKSI Karbonn GSmart Jinga DNS Ginzzu Maxvi ThL Sigma mobile OPlus Torex Elephone DEXP Zopo KingSing InFocus Jolla 3Q 4Good AEG AGGRESSOR AIEK Ainol AirOn AKMobile AllView Amazon Ampe AnexTEK ANYCOOL AnyDATA Archos Ark Assistant ASTRO Audiovox bb-mobile Билайн BELLFORT Benefon Blackview Bliss BLU Bluboo Borton Caterpillar Cherry Mobile CHUWI Colorfly Conquest Contixo Coolpad CROWN Cube Dboiz DESTEN Discovery Dmobo Donod Doro Phoneeasy Dunobil ECOO Effire EKEN Elari Elenberg Emote eNOL Eplutus Ergo ESTAR Etuline EVOLVEO Evromedia Explay Ferguson FLYCAT FREETEL Fujitsu G-Plus Garmin Garmin Asus Gazer General Mobile GEO-MOBILE GEOFOX Getac Gigaset Gionee Globex GOCLEVER GoldStar GoldVish Google Gresso Gtran Highscreen HOMTOM Hugerock i-Mate i-Mobile iBall IconBit IEI iKids INFINIX Innos INTEX Aqua IQM Irbis iRu Irulu IUNI Jeka Jiayu JOA Telecom Just5 Kazam Kenned KENXINDA Kiano KINGZONE Krome Kruger&Matz Lark Lava Leagoo Lenco LeTV LEXAND Luckystar Luxpad Magic Manta MaxCom Mediacom MEDION МегаФон Micromax MicroXperts MIJUE Mito Mlais Modecom MTS MyPhone MyTab MyWigo NEC Neffos NeoNode Newgen Newman NO.1 Nomi NOUS NTT NVIDIA O2 OINOM Onda ORRO ORSiO OUKITEL Overmax Oysters Palm Perfeo Phicomm PiPO Pixus Plark PlayPad PocketBook Point of View Premier Prestigio PULWIN Qmobile Qtek Qumo RangerFone Reellex RITZVIVA Roadmax Rolsen Rover PC RoverPad Runbo S-TELL Seals Seekwood Sendo Senseit SerteC Sewon Siswoo Sitronics SK Skylink SkyTiger Skyvox Smartisan SMS Technology Australia Song Sonim Stark Supra Synertek T-Mobile Teclast Tel.me. Tele2 TELEFUNKEN Tengda Tesla TeXet Tonino Lamborghini Torson Toshi TrekStar Turbo TurboKids TurboPad TwinMOS Ubiquam Uhans Ulefone Venso Verico Vernee VERSIYA VERTEX Videocon Viking VK Corporation Vkworld Voxtel Wiko Wileyfox Withus X-Digital Xcute xDevice XOLO Yarvik YEZZ Yota Zakang Zetta ZUK Sanyo Mitsubishi Toshiba ZTE Kyocera Innostream ViewSonic Porsche E-ten Huawei Watchtech ASUS HOLLEY COMMUNICATIONS Soutec Bosch AMOI Sharp Daewoo Toplux Acer Fujitsu-Siemens Konka Microsoft HP DELL Giga GigaByte Hitachi BenQ Emol Panasonic Grundig BBK Pantech-Curitel Pantech Hisense Haier Ericsson Hyundai Mitac Sony Maxon Lenovo Siemens SoftBank Ginza Changhong Meizu Bird BlackBerry. You can not compare more 50 models. First you have to remove one of the already added phones.. Phone release year: Slide GSM (900, 1800, 1900) Weight: 135 gr. TFT-display Resolution: 240x320 pixels 262 000 colors. Internal memory: 50 Mb Memory card: miniSD. Standby time 10 days 10 hours Talk time 4 hours 40 minutes Li-Ion battery 1100 mAh. Please, select version of your platform. Why do I need to select the version of my platform?. To select compatible games for your device, we need to know the version of your platform.. How to find out the version of my platform?. Toshiba G500 overview, full specifications and prices.. 
www.GSMUnlockUSA.com - #1 Direct Source Wholesale | Welcome, Guest! | Sign In | Instructions | Order Status | My Account | Shopping Cart ( 0 ). Search Bulk Unlock Code. Home | Apple iPhone | Blackberry 10 | Dell | Huawei | HTC | LG | Motorola | Nokia Lumia | Pantech | Samsung | SonyEricsson | ZTE. Guarantee The Lowest Price - Apple iPhone Factory Unlocked!. Great News!! Huawei Factory Code (Premium) is back with new price, very fast 0-3 working days.. Toshiba TG01 [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). Toshiba Windows Phone IS12T [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). Toshiba G450 [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). Toshiba 904T [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). Toshiba G900 [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). Toshiba 903T [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). The #1 Site For Online Unlocking. We are the best in the online unlocking business. Work Directly with the Source - Great. for CellPhone Store, Service Center, Webmaster, eBay sellers !. This Web site is secured with a GoDaddy.com Web Server Certificate. on the site are protected with up to 256-bit Secure Sockets Layer encryption.. Your personal and financial in information is safe with us!. GoDaddy.com has verified that the certificate holder controls the domain www.masterunlockcode.com.. Unlocking your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code has never been easier! That's right - you're FREE, your unlocked handset will accept any SIM card from ANY provider worldwide! You're just 30 seconds away from freedom.. We guarantee it. Our Toshiba G500 Unlock Code unlocking process is safe and 100% money-back guaranteed. Your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code will not be damaged in any way through this process. So how do you unlock your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code ? It's as easy as texting a friend! We'll provide you step-by-step instructions on how to unlock your handset, as well as an unlock code straight from the manufacturer.. To GET STARTED : Select the original carrier of your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code from the list below to start unlocking your phone.. Warranty: All our Unlock CODES are 100% genuine and. guaranteed, if for any reason your unlock codes are Not Found in our database then. we will issue a full refund.. Select Original Network Provider (Phone is from) Regular Price Special Price Delivery Time. You should select the original. carrier of the phone(Phone is Currently Locked to). (Change Network) $52.95 $34.95 Save 34% 3-8 Days. Regular Price: $52.95 $34.95 (Save 34%). To find IMEI, dial *#06# on your phone. (To find IMEI, dial *#06# on your phone). The PRD (Product Code) can be located on the label under the phone battery. Your personal and financial in information is safe with us!. Does your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code work only with your current service provider or, when you insert a SIM card from another network, do you see any of the following messages?. - Enter SIM Unlock Code (Simlock). If so, your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code is LOCKED and we can help you remove this lock on your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code in a few simple steps, allowing you to use your phone on any GSM wireless network anywhere in the world. You will not have to mail in your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code. No technical knowledge required at all. Simply provide us your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code’s IMEI number and we do all the rest. - Simply provide us your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code’s IMEI (which can be found by typing *#06# into your phone), during check out. - After order placement, the Unlock CODES together with easy to follow instructions guides will be sent to your email address within the time frame given. - Follow the unlocking instructions provided by MasterUnlockCode.com and easily dial in the supplied Unlock CODE for your mobile and start using your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code with any SIM Card. Reasons to remote unlock your cell phone. - Save a fortune abroad, by using cheap local SIM Cards rather than expensive roaming tariffs. - As usually subsidize the cost of the phone, by unlocking it you are increasing the resale value of your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code by up to 300%. - Use your work and personal SIM Card in your unlocked Toshiba G500 Unlock Code - no need to carry two phones again. - Get the best value tariffs by swapping SIM Cards to take advantage of the latest offers. - You never send your phone to anybody. You receive the instructions within hours; unlocking itself takes 1-3 minutes. - No opening your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code and risk of damage to your device. - Very easy, no technical experience necessary. - No complicated software or hardware just enters Unlock CODE, and your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code is PERMANENTLY unlocked. - Is safe and does not void cell phone's warranty. - Unlocking is a one-time event. It works for the life of your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code. All our Unlock CODES are 100% genuine and guaranteed, if for any reason your unlock codes are not found in our database then we will issue a full refund.. Why my Toshiba G500 Unlock Code is locked?. When you purchase a cell phone it is often offered at a discounted price by the cellular network. In return for this generosity they "lock" your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code to their network, so that you can only use their network for making and receiving calls. This means that you cannot use the SIM card of another network, and if you try to do so the phone will display "Phone Restricted", “Contact Service Provider”, “Enter Unlock Code” or a similar message. Unlocking the phone removes this lock, allowing you to use your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code on any GSM wireless network anywhere in the world. Why should I unlock my Toshiba G500 Unlock Code?. - Save a fortune abroad, by using cheap local SIM cards rather than expensive roaming tariffs. - As usually subsidize the cost of the phone, by unlocking it you are increasing the resale value of your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code by up to 300%. - Use your work and personal SIM card in your unlocked Toshiba G500 Unlock Code no need to carry two phones again. - Get the best value tariffs by swapping SIM cards to take advantage of the latest offers. - You never send your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code to anybody. - No opening your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code and risk of damage to your device. - Very easy, no technical experience necessary. - No complicated software or hardware just enters code, and your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code is PERMANENTLY unlocked. - Is safe and does not void Toshiba G500 Unlock Code’s warranty. - Unlocking is a one-time event. It works for the life of your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code. - Will I have to unlock my Toshiba G500 Unlock Code every time I change SIM Card?. - No, even if you upgrade the software (flash) or hard reset your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code, it remains permanently unlocked, no matter what you do to it. A SIM card or Subscriber Identity Module is a portable memory chip used in GSM phones. The SIM Card allows users to change phones by simply removing the SIM Card from one cell phone and inserting it into another. The SIM holds personal identity information, cell phone number, phone book, text messages and other data. How does the remote unlocking work?. Upon successful order submission, we will process your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code's unique IMEI number and email back an unlock code. The International Mobile Equipment Identity or IMEI is a 15 digit serial number unique to every GSM cell phone. We generate the unlocking code from the IMEI, this is called remote unlocking. Enter *#06# into your phone to retrieve the unique 15 digit IMEI number. It can also be found printed on the back of the phone underneath the battery. No software or cable is required at all. How do I enter the unlock code?. It is very easy to enter the unlock code. How Safe is it and is it guaranteed to Work?. Removing the network restriction on your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code with unlocking codes is the safest and fastest way to unlock a cell phone. There is absolutely no risk of damaging your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code or void warranty. You simply enter the unlock codes directly into your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code via the Toshiba G500 Unlock Code’s keypad to remove the network restriction. We guarantee it to work or your money back. On November 26, 2006, the U.S. Copyright Office ruled that consumers can legally unlock their cell phones in order to use them with rival carriers. Some times you might be able to ask your network to provide you with an unlock code. However, they will only do this for free if you have completed your contract. Obviously most networks don't want you moving away from their network so they will often charge extortionate rates to unlock your Toshiba G500 Unlock Code and you can also be made to wait up to 3 weeks to receive your unlock codes. For USA phones manufactured before January 26th, 2013, you may still legally unlock in accordance with the the Digital Millenium Copyright Act.. It is illegal to unlock USA devices that are manufactured after January 26th, 2013 unless you have permission from your service provider. We will not provide any service for any USA service provider cell phone or smart phone manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later. MasterUnlockCode.com will not be held liable or responsible if you place an order for an unlock code for any USA service provider cell phone that was manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later. If you make a purchase on MasterUnlockCode.com or any affiliated website you accept full responsibility for complying with all local, national, and international laws. MasterUnlockCode.com will not knowingly give any advice or provide any service to anyone who wishes to unlock a phone that was purchased from a USA service provider manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later in The United States of America.. Toshiba G500 Unlock Code , Unlock Toshiba G500 , How to unlock Toshiba G500 , How to factory unlock Toshiba G500 , How to permanently unlock Toshiba G500 , Free Toshiba G500 unlock instructions. THE MOST RECENTLY ORDERED UNLOCK CODES Another Sucessful unlocking for the Toshiba TG01 unlock code Lightening fast Delivery of Another Toshiba Windows Phone IS12T unlock code Someone just got a Super Cheap Toshiba G450 unlock code Took only minutes to email another Toshiba 904T unlock code Seconds ago Seconds ago Seconds ago Seconds ago. OVER 2,500,000 PHONES UNLOCKED OPEN 24/7 · LOWEST PRICES GUARANTEED!. We are the direct source for IMEI remote unlock codes. We have the fastest processing times. If a code is "Not Found" or if the code isn't working. we will give you a 100% refund. If you are having problems unlocking your device our knowledge staff and support. will guide you through the procedure.. Ready to unlock your device now?. Yes it is completely legal and you will not void the. We have unlocks for most of the major phone manufacturers including Blackberry,. HTC, Samsung, Nokia, Sony Ericcson, LG, Huawei, Palm, HP and many more! If you do. not see your manufacturer listed below please contact us!. By buying a code from us you are getting the fastest and highest quality service. We offer 100% working unlock codes from all the major manufacturers. FAQs | Instructions | Contact Us. www.GSMUnlockUSA.com - #1 Direct Source Wholesale - Store Owners, Dealers and Resellers. How to unlock iPhone 8 Plus. How to unlock iPhone 7 Plus. How to unlock iPhone 6S Plus. How to unlock iPhone 6 Plus. © 2007 - 2018 PD Software Ltd | Home | Terms of Sale | Privacy Policy | Contact Us. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Portable Audio & Accessories Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Best Sellers MP3 Players Accessories Wearable Technology Digital Music Store Trade-In All Electronics. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Gomadic Global Home Wall AC Charger designed for the Toshiba G500 with Power Sleep technology - designed with Gomadic TipExchange. Be the first to review this item. Ships from and sold by Gomadic Corp. Advanced circuitry provides tailors output voltage and resistor ID configuration to the Toshiba G500 extending usable battery life and longevity.. Power Sleep"" cuts latent power draw by over 99% when charger is not in use. Charger will use less than 0.1W of power when in ""ready state"" mode.. This Gomadic Charger supports all global power standards with 100-240 VAC input voltage range. Kit includes four plugs to support every physical wall outlet permutation worldwide.. Protects the Toshiba G500 from power surges, overcharging and short-circuiting with advanced internal circuitry. Powerful 10W of available charging current (e.g. Twice the available charging current of most competitors.. Find the latest gadgets from today's brightest startups on Amazon Launchpad. Your cost could be $0.00 instead of $26.85 ! Get a $50 Amazon.com Gift Card instantly upon approval for the Amazon Rewards Visa Card. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. There is already enough stress with international travel than to be worrying about damaging your Toshiba G500 by using a cheap, mismatched wall charger. Put a 110v charger in a 220v outlet and you risk damage to your device, charger or both instantaneously! Thank goodness Gomadic has taken the worry out of the equation with its unique International Travel Wall AC Charger specifically made for the Toshiba G500. Designed to not only support wall outlets worldwide, the Gomadic International Wall charger also supports all international voltage levels, thus removing all the guesswork. Built using new, state of the art circuitry in power regulation and distribution, this Gomadic Charger will safely, securely and rapidly keep your Toshiba G500 charged and ready to go regardless of where you are in the world. Toss in our upgradeable TipExchange Technology and Gomadic Lifetime Warranty and this product really stands alone.. 6.4 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). Be the first to review this item. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. There are no customer reviews yet.. 5 star 5 star (0%) 0% 4 star 4 star (0%) 0% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 1 star (0%) 0%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
...and the selected country code will be updated here. ...and the selected country code will be updated here. Unlock Toshiba G500 to use any network worldwide. Use any compatible SIM card with. All unlock services come with a full. No specialist cables or software is. No solution can be found for your G500 to be unlocked We unfortunatly can not help you out this time. Please try again in a few days. Please provide network that G500 is CURRENTLY locked to. This is the network that the phone works with NOW. NOT the network you intend to use later.. We're really sorry but we currently do not have a solution at the current time to. Enter your email address below and we'll contact you as soon as this service becomes. Please enter the IMEI code correctly. The code should be 15 digits long, if your code. longer just input the first 15 digits.. To retreive the IMEI from your mobile phone, simply type the following code into your. using the keypad as if you were making a call:. We unlock smartphones, phones and tablets. If your Toshiba G500 is not accepting the SIM card. of a rival network, we can help you to remove this restriction without you having to send the device to us.. We help to unlock phones and tablets with a variety of specialist unlocking services which are all provided. remotely and are all very easy to perform.. It's as easy as 1-2-3!. 1 Unlock Mobiles - Made so simple.. We aim to make the entire process of unlocking your Toshiba G500 totally stress. We provide a simple solution to unlock any Toshiba G500 phone. is guaranteed to be a permanent unlock forever and will be unaffected by any future software. You will not need any special cables or additional software to hand either. a number into your G500 phone and can follow our basic instructions, you will have. phone unlocked in no time at all.. To order your Toshiba G500 unlock, simply complete the order form above.. Sometimes you will need to provide the current network provider as prices may vary across. Once provided, you will be shown an accurate and up to date quote and delivery. time to unlock your G500 to allow use on other networks.. If you are happy with the quote presented to unlock your Toshiba G500, continue as. You will need to provide the IMEI (Unique Serial Number) of your phone to. complete your order and then proceed to checkout and pay.. Once your order is paid for and complete, you will receive an order confirmation via e-mail. which also contains detailed information on what happens next.. Once your Toshiba G500 unlock service is ready for collection, you will be sent another. You will need to log back in to our customer control panel to access. your unlock service and detailed unlock instructions. 24-7 in the event that you encounter a problem.. You can also login to our control panel at any time to check on the status of an order.. Ricardo Wallace HTC 10 - EE. fantastic service had my code with in 5 mins - 5 stars. Dan White LG Spree - Cricket Communications. Worked great! Second code unlocked my LG Cricket.. Lori Delzer LG D415 - T-Mobile. Service was quick and fairly easy to use. I had to go in to the settings to find out where to put the unlock code... Cristian Bordei LG K8 - Orange. The phone works very good now.. Colin Brunger Samsung Galaxy S6 EDGE - EE. It took 2 days plus the weekend to give me the unlock code, but, it then worked so easy, very pleased. Dalpat Lad LG K4 - EE. Ian Parris LG A133 - O2. Insufficient instructions included, however, it did what it said on the tin, phone now unlocked after i googled How To.. Kenneth Peterson Samsung SM-G920F - EE. Well done lads and thank you. Amy Wilson LG G4 - EE. Nicholas Odonnell Samsung Galaxy J5 - 3. finally figured out my mistake, your codes were bang on thank you!. We have reviews from customers all over Nauru and the rest of the world. The ability to unlock the Toshiba G500 is just one of the many unlocking services we offer for. tablets in Nauru and across the rest of the world.. Unlocking Online has been providing unlock services for phones and tablets since its inception in 2003 when we. first offered customers the opportunity to unlock first generation phones by code from the comfort of. We were one of the global pioneers of phone unlocking online. All of our services have always been provided with a full money back. Popular: Unlock by mobile phone make. ZTE Maven 3 locked to. HTC One M9 locked to. HTC One Remix locked to. © 2018 Unlocking Online, all rights reserved.. 
Toshiba G500 - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 4 ». Does anyone still use this phone?. very good phone sachin you have this. hello for toshiba company,I want mobile toshiba phone for me,thank you very much. not easy to use,but i belive its a nice phone,then where can i get the bateries. the the worst i ever used. i would suggest do not by under any circumstances. Even dont take if any one gives for free. it is easy to use but hard to find the battery. well, its the second time i bought this phone (since my first one was stolen) and for once more i have to say that its an excellent phone indeed. fast wi-fi, good enough camera for a wm5 se device, many apps to download,but it's only handicap is it's battery limited stamina.....had to buy a second one. Anonymous, 07 Feb 2010 no out going calls ? it shows call ended as soon as i call. why its so ? me too same problem :(. i like this model of phone.... iam interest to use this mobile. just say this is a wanderful mobile.i love it. no out going calls ? it shows call ended as soon as i call. Selecting of items for copying and cutting such as images, mp3s, text messages, etc. Selecting are processed one by one. And the GPRS in the Philippines cannot be used in Toshiba G500. I hope Toshiba company will improve this given problems.. Drop call, switch to silent profile after incoming call, noisy---Toshiba service center said it has good voice pickup. Other problems due to Microsoft, the hardware is OK. After one year use of G500, I switch to Nokia E52. My last phone, Ericsson T610, I used it for 3 years until the shell broken down. G500 has tons advanced functions, none of them work. The profile can switch to silent if the calendar is marked busy. It works, but not switch back after meeting. I disabled this function, it switch to silent profile after each incoming call. So, I have to set the silent profile same as normal profile. Before meeting, I have to modify the normal profile to disable ringer sound. Received lots of complain about voice quality. G500 picks lots of background voice. T610 is better than this high tech. I set the wifi, if I entered wrong key, it hard reset the phone. Usually drop call after one ring. I deliver this phone to toshiba serive center. In Hong Kong, Toshiba is selling through Chevalier. The service lady has very good manner. "Soory for lots of background noise. This means this phone has very good reception. For the other problems, they are not a matter of Toshiba. This is due to Microsoft Windows problem. So, we have noway to solve it. I can try to reset." Then, hundred times of sorry. Toshiba never takes responsibility of what it sold.. Hello Dears How i can get my contact nymber from the Sim card. the phone is not touch screen and the wi-fi is easy to activate it.start>options >connections>wi-fi connection.it might not work if you don't have any internet provider around you.when you connect to a internet connection is asking for wep key.you need to know this except if the internet is free .. harsha, 15 May 2009 how to use wi fi and i am not able to operate internet in toshiba g500.please tel me. I've got a problem to use the phone like a modem to nagigate in internet, can you help me?thanks a lot.N. guys please tell me is it touch screen phone or not?. how to use wi fi and i am not able to operate internet in toshiba g500.please tel me .. Pages: 1 2 3 4 ». Total of 78 user reviews and opinions for Toshiba G500 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Toshiba Excite Go Toshiba Windows Phone IS12T Toshiba G450 Toshiba G500 Toshiba Thrive Toshiba Excite Pro. 
ï»¿Your AKIAILXQSRWLEYNJDWHA is not registered as an Amazon Associate. Please register as an associate at https://affiliate-program.amazon.com/assoc_credentials/home.. The Internetâs Most Trustworthy Phone Unlocking Website. Does your phone use a SIM Card?. In which country are you located?. Simply tell us whether your phone uses a SIM card, select your country from the list below and your provider/phone network.. We Can Unlock Your Toshiba G500 Cell Phone for FREE, regardless of what network it is currently locked to!. Get it FREE - Click the ''Get it Free'' button above to begin your TrialPay checkout, easily, and safely.. Our Toshiba unlocks by remote code (no software required) are not only FREE, but they are easy and safe. Once it is unlocked, you may use any SIM card in your phone from any network worldwide! As well as the benefit of being able to use your phone with any network, it also increases its value if you ever plan on selling it. All we need is your phone''s IMEI number, its model number, and the network in which it is currently locked.. This is an unlock code for most all. Our mobile cell phone unlock codes work by inputting a certain number (the unlock code that we give you for FREE with TrialPay) into your phone to unlock it to any provider. Let''s say that you purchased a. from T-Mobile and now you wish to change to another provider. When you try to put your new sim-card into your previous provider''s locked phone, it will give you a message saying that your SIM is not supported. Using our unlock codes, your phone will now support any SIM card! Our codes work for life, giving you the flexibility to change providers how ever many time you wish! All you have to do is supply us with your. IMEI number after checkout (usually found by typing in *#06# then pressing Dial on your phone ... just like making a regular phone call and also your service provider which your phone is currently locked to. Please contact us at http://www.freeunlocks.com/contactus.html with any questions before ordering. Please note: One order works on your specific phone model. Unfortunately, there is no way to unlock more than one phone with a code provided. If you wish to unlock multiple phones, please make multiple orders.. No Review Found on this Product. What if I enter the unlock code incorrectly, how many attempts until it would HARD lock my phone?. Do you unlock Nokia mobile phone?. What is the Turnaround time to receive my Nokia unlock code?. Nokia phones only takes up to 3 incorrect attempts before it will be HARD lock, so be very careful!. Yes we do unlock it! Just provide us with the country and service provider that your phone is currently locked to and we would be happy to check our system if it is available for unlocking.. If it is a BB5.0 Nokia Phones usually it would take up to 10 days to generate.. For DCTs some would take from a couple to minutes to 5 days.. stars across 1401 independent real reviews on ReviewCentre.com!. Weâre so sure that weâll exceed your expectations with our service that it is 100% guaranteed (Read More). We're so sure that we'll exceed your expectations with our service that it is 100% guaranteed.. For any paid unlock we provide a money-back guarantee. Upon video proof that the code doesn't work, you will receive a full refund.. For any free Trialpay unlock that doesn't meet your expectations, we will keep your credit on file for a future unlock, or reimburse you if you have paid for your offer as a courtesy.. Read our full terms and conditions here .. We have successfully unlocked 96,500 phones since 2009. Australian Business No: 63 781 725 050. 
Database For Comparing Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) Values /. CPU : 32-bit Intel XScale PXA270 312 MHz processor. Display : TFT, 65K colors, 240 x 320 pixels, 2.3 inches. Camera : 2 MP, 1600x1200 pixels. OS : Microsoft Windows Mobile 5.0. USA Legal Limit is 1.6 W/kg - FCC SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue.. SAR Levels for AT&T Toshiba G500. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For ATT Model Toshiba G500. For any AT&T smartphone to be sold in the USA - SAR levels must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba AT&T model Toshiba G500 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). SAR Levels for Verizon Toshiba G500. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For Verizon Model Toshiba G500. For any Verizon smartphone to be sold in the USA - SAR levels must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba Verizon model Toshiba G500 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). SAR Levels for Sprint Toshiba G500. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For Sprint Model Toshiba G500. For any Sprint Smartphones to be sold in the USA - SAR levels (RF Radiation) must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba Sprint model Toshiba G500 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). SAR Levels for TMobile Toshiba G500. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For TMobile Model Toshiba G500. For any TMobile cell phones to be sold in the USA - SAR levels (RFR Radiation) must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba TMobile model Toshiba G500 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). SAR Levels for Vodafone Toshiba G500. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For Vodafone Model Toshiba G500. For any Vodafone cellphones to be sold in the USA - SAR levels (RFR Radiation Exposure) must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba Vodafone model Toshiba G500 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For U.S. Cellular Smartphone to be sold in the USA - SAR levels must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba U.S. Cellular model Toshiba G500 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). European Legal Limit is 2.0 W/kg - EU SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over TEN grams of simulated biological tissue.. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. 96 x 49 x 22.9 mm. GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). 240 x 320 pixels, 2.3 inches. Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device. Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. 32-bit Intel XScale PXA270 312 MHz processor. Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol. Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Standby Time is the total amount of time that you can leave your is fully charged, turned on and ready to send and receive calls or data transmissions before completely discharging the battery. Talk Time is the longest time that a single battery charge will last when you are constantly talking on the phone under perfect conditions, Ambient temperature and highly dependent on the cellular network environment such as the distance to the closest cell network tower.. USA Legal Limit is 1.6 W/kg - FCC SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue.. SAR AT&T Model FCC Approval Date. SAR AT&T Model FCC Report Link. SAR AT&T Model US SAR Ratings. SAR AT&T Model Head SAR Level. SAR AT&T Model Body SAR Level. SAR AT&T Model Product Specific Use. SAR AT&T Model Simultaneous Head SAR. SAR AT&T Model Simultaneous Body SAR. SAR Levels for AT&T Toshiba G500. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For ATT Model Toshiba G500. For any AT&T smartphone to be sold in the USA - SAR levels must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba AT&T model Toshiba G500 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). SAR Verizon Model Model Variant Number. SAR Verizon Model FCC Approval Date. SAR Verizon Model FCC Report Link. SAR Verizon Model US SAR Ratings. SAR Verizon Model Head SAR Level. SAR Verizon Model Body SAR Level. SAR Verizon Model Product Specific Use. SAR Verizon Model Simultaneous Head SAR. SAR Verizon Model Simultaneous Body SAR. SAR Levels for Verizon Toshiba G500. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For Verizon Model Toshiba G500. For any Verizon smartphone to be sold in the USA - SAR levels must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba Verizon model Toshiba G500 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). SAR Sprint Model Model Variant Number. SAR Sprint Model FCC Approval Date. SAR Sprint Model FCC Report Link. SAR Sprint Model US SAR Ratings. SAR Sprint Model Head SAR Level. SAR Sprint Model Body SAR Level. SAR Sprint Model Product Specific Use. SAR Sprint Model Simultaneous Head SAR. SAR Sprint Model Simultaneous Body SAR. SAR Levels for Sprint Toshiba G500. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For Sprint Model Toshiba G500. For any Sprint Smartphones to be sold in the USA - SAR levels (RF Radiation) must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba Sprint model Toshiba G500 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). SAR T-Mobile Model Model Variant Number. SAR T-Mobile Model FCC Approval Date. SAR T-Mobile Model FCC Report Link. SAR T-Mobile Model US SAR Ratings. SAR T-Mobile Model Head SAR Level. SAR T-Mobile Model Body SAR Level. SAR T-Mobile Model Product Specific Use. SAR T-Mobile Model Simultaneous Head SAR. SAR T-Mobile Model Simultaneous Body SAR. SAR Levels for TMobile Toshiba G500. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For TMobile Model Toshiba G500. For any TMobile cell phones to be sold in the USA - SAR levels (RFR Radiation) must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba TMobile model Toshiba G500 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). SAR Vodafone Model Model Variant Number. SAR Vodafone Model FCC Approval Date. SAR Vodafone Model FCC Report Link. SAR Vodafone Model US SAR Ratings. SAR Vodafone Model Head SAR Level. SAR Vodafone Model Body SAR Level. SAR Vodafone Model Product Specific Use. SAR Vodafone Model Simultaneous Head SAR. SAR Vodafone Model Simultaneous Body SAR. SAR Levels for Vodafone Toshiba G500. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For Vodafone Model Toshiba G500. For any Vodafone cellphones to be sold in the USA - SAR levels (RFR Radiation Exposure) must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba Vodafone model Toshiba G500 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For U.S. Cellular Smartphone to be sold in the USA - SAR levels must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba U.S. Cellular model Toshiba G500 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). EU SAR Level Head SAR Level. EU SAR Level Body SAR Level. EU SAR Level Simultaneous Head SAR. EU SAR Level Simultaneous Body SAR. European Legal Limit is 2.0 W/kg - EU SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over TEN grams of simulated biological tissue.. Sorry, reviews are closed for this product.. Compare SAR Levels for Toshiba. Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge SAR Rating. The FCC Standard: Is the SAR Standard Rating Safe Enough?. CNET Releases Top 5 Most Dangerous SAR Levels. POPULAR CATEGORY SAR ratings 30 Samsung SAR 15 Dangerous SAR levels 8 Devices with least safe SAR levels 7 Apple SAR 6 Safe SAR levels 5 HTC SAR 5. 
Power button , until your phone is on. After that your device will reset and restarts. If this was useful, please share to help others and follow us on. WARNING ! Hard Reset will erase all of your data All described operations you are doing at your own risk.. How to reset SAMSUNG Galaxy S9+?. Read about resetting SAMSUNG Galaxy S9+. How to reset SAMSUNG Galaxy S9?. Read about resetting SAMSUNG Galaxy S9. How to reset MOTOROLA Moto X4?. Read about resetting MOTOROLA Moto X4. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. [ROM] [Toshiba G500] [WWE] WM6.1 Stable by emilio666. Non-Touchscreen Windows Mobile Other HTC Innovation HTC Oxygen HTC Startrek HTC Monet. HTC Excalibur HTC Breeze HTC Typhoon HTC Hurricane HTC Tornado HTC Vox HTC Wings HTC Cavalier HTC Libra. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. [ROM] [Toshiba G500] [WWE] WM6.1 Stable. By emilio666 , Senior Member on 4th September 2008, 10:26 AM. Join Date: Joined: Oct 2008. Sorry for my question/request, how do i get portuguese language for this rom?. I upgraded my g500 and till this moment everything is ok. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 Now Officially Receiving the Android Oreo Update >. Honor 9 Lite and Huawei P Smart Kernel Sources have been released >. How the Kirin 970 Uses AI to Take Better Photos >. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2007. i just upgrade my g500 but the problem happen when i make a video call. why the video call screen become half?no clear have 2 line on the left downside. hope can repair it the video call screen and make a cab to repair it,thanks.. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2008. look for this at the Attached Files section (1st page). then install it and select your language by pressing the * key for a while on your g500 when writting a text. Sorry for my question/request, how do i get portuguese language for this rom?. I upgraded my g500 and till this moment everything is ok. Join Date: Joined: Oct 2008. I would like to have the menu's in portuguese, that's the question. look for this at the Attached Files section (1st page). then install it and select your language by pressing the * key for a while on your g500 when writting a text. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2008. You would need ANOTHER rom I can't provide. The language in many roms is english since it is an "international language".... I would like to have the menu's in portuguese, that's the question. Join Date: Joined: May 2008. I resolve problem with HSDPA/GPRS it will be work on the next version, at the moment, i have only patch for polish operator on my page.. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2008. can somebody explane to me how to instal this rom cuz i don`t understand that manual attached.i have toshiba g500 too.pls help. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2008. I'm MurcieFan and I'm mod on Darex forum. Now you have English Zone, where you can talk in english of course, make qousetions send opinion, and everything about last ROM for G500. I have read that you have some problems with understand polish. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2008. now new version of wm6.1 by darex is available on www.portegeclub.pl (in english too). - Update the program to MMS. - Of BUG repaired notifications, SMS. - The latest WM6.1 build 20279 (thx for m00nlighter for the suggestion and link). - And many other changes for later write,. Changing the numbering - a completely new branch of development - the first by running the alpha. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2008. i have wm5 on my toshiba g500 and i want to upgrade to this wm6.1 but when i open superruu and browse i can't find OS image(Flash.dio).i only find WMUPDAT.DIP and if i continue choosing WMUPDAT.DIP the whole thing doesen`t work.it gets stuck.can you share the os image flash.dio?pls. Join Date: Joined: May 2008. This is the same file like flash.dio. maybe you have Windows Vista ?. Top Threads in Non-Touchscreen Windows Mobile Other by ThreadRank. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. [APP] [4.1+] Bromite - Chromium plus adblocking [25 February 2018 - 64.0.3282.182]. [APP][5.0+] Rootless Pixel 2 Launcher with Google Now page working. [APP][PATCHED] Google Phone v17.0.184919600 BUBBLE EDITION[NO ROOT]. [APP] Pay Enabler (Android Pay on Oreo outside US/UK). Android Wear Software and Hacking General. [ROM] [Toshiba G500] [WWE] WM6.1 Stable by emilio666. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
