5.5MB storage, microSD (dedicated slot) card slot. GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900. 113 x 47 x 10.3 mm (4.45 x 1.85 x 0.41 in). 1.93 inches, 11.7 cm 2 (~22.1% screen-to-body ratio). 176 x 220 pixels (~146 ppi density). 20 dialed, 20 received, 20 missed calls. Vibration; Downloadable polyphonic, MP3 ringtones, composer. Up to 2 h 30 min. Pink, Green, Champagne, Copper, Silver, Aubergine. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Toshiba TS605 - user opinions and reviews. I have one of these phones, very user friendly and the battery as good performance. Not big on standby time but good on real life usage. Worst buy ever for me and why? Simply because it can't cope with the humidity .... The main problem with this phone is the very low volume from the speaker. And this is a VERY BIG problem. It is a mobile phone after all and not hearing the phone because you are in the next room it is really bad. There is also NO led or something to.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Toshiba Excite Go Toshiba Windows Phone IS12T Toshiba G450 Toshiba G500 Toshiba Thrive Toshiba Excite Pro. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for toshiba ts605. All Listings - Current page. Save toshiba ts605 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow toshiba ts605 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Battery for Toshiba ts605 Li-ion 550 mAh Compatible. Battery for Toshiba ts605 Li-ion 550 mAh Compatible. Battery for toshiba ts605 li-ion battery 550 mah compatible. Batería para Toshiba TS605 Batería del Li-ion 550 mAh compatible. Battery for Toshiba TS605 Li-ion battery 550 mAh compatible. for TOSHIBA TS605 Case Pocket Sleeve Bag Lanyard Tablet Smartphone. for TOSHIBA TS605 Bicycle Bike Handlebar Mount Holder Waterproof. for TOSHIBA TS605 Black Executive Wallet Pouch Case with Magnetic Fixation. for TOSHIBA TS605 Red Executive Wallet Pouch Case with Magnetic Fixation. for TOSHIBA TS605 Bicycle Bike Handlebar Mount Holder Waterproof. for TOSHIBA TS605 Black Executive Wallet Pouch Case with Magnetic Fixation. for TOSHIBA TS605 Red Executive Wallet Pouch Case with Magnetic Fixation. Carcasa, Funda cinturon or Brazalete para Toshiba ts605. for TOSHIBA TS605 Holster Executive 360° Belt Clip Rotary Magnetic Case. for TOSHIBA TS605 Case Pocket Sleeve Bag Lanyard Tablet Smartphone. Case cover and belt clip or toshiba ts605 armband. Etuis, Gürtelclips oder Armband Tasche für TOSHIBA TS605. Pouch Holster or Belt Clip or Armband for TOSHIBA TS605. Case or Clip Belt or Arm Band for Toshiba ts605. Pouches, Belt Clips or Armband Pouch For Toshiba ts605. Sleeve Holster or Armband or Belt Clip for TOSHIBA TS605. For Toshiba ts605 Motorcycle Bike Handlebar Mount Holder Waterproof. For Toshiba ts605 Black Executive Folder Wallet with Magnetic Fastening. for TOSHIBA TS605 Holster Executive 360° Belt Clip Rotary Magnetic Case. For Toshiba ts605 Red Executive Folder Wallet with Magnetic Fastening. For Toshiba ts605 Pouch Multi Use Tablet Smartphone Bag Hangers. for TOSHIBA TS605 Silver Armband Protective Case 30M Waterproof Bag Universal. for TOSHIBA TS605 Armband Protective Case 30M Waterproof Bag Universal. for TOSHIBA TS605 Universal Protective Beach Case 30M Waterproof Bag. for TOSHIBA TS605 Blue Pouch Bag XXM 18x10cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA TS605 Brown Pouch Bag XXM 18x10cm Multi-function al Universal. For toshiba ts605 bag case cover pocket smartphone tablets. For toshiba ts605 red cover in executive portfolio magnetic fixing. For toshiba ts605 black cover in executive portfolio magnetic fixing. for TOSHIBA TS605 Pouch Bag Case XL Universal Multi-function al. For toshiba ts605 amt handlebar cycling water waterproof. for TOSHIBA TS605 Black Pouch Bag XXM 18x10cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA TS605 Case Belt Clip Synthetic Leather Horizontal Premium. for TOSHIBA TS605 Blue Pouch Bag 16x9cm Multi-function al Universal. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. standard motors ts605 cylinder head temperature sensor. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor AIRTEX 5S7266. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor FEDERATED TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor AIRTEX 5S7266. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor AIRTEX 5S7266. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor WELLS SU8756. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor fits 2006-2008 Mercury Milan Mountaineer. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor AIRTEX 5S7266. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. Engine Cylinder Head Temperature Sensor Standard TS-605. DVD Writer Model TS-H653 Toshiba/Samsun g. Toshiba Samsung TS-H653A/DEWH 16X DVD+-RW SATA Drive TESTED, FREE SHIPPING!!. Toshiba Samsung DVD/CD Read Drive IDE TS-H352 Burner Black. Toshiba / Samsung DVD+ RW Drive. Toshiba Samsung DVD Writer TS-H653 SATA. Toshiba/Samsun g Data Storage DVD-Rom Drive Model TS-H943MS28 For Xbox 360!. Toshiba Satellite L755-S5216 15.6" DVD-RW Burner Drive A000080480 TS-L633. 204 items found from eBay international sellers. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. SHIPS FREE and FAST within ONE BUSINESS DAY. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Top Brand - Best Value - Lifetime Warranty!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. 3 Year No Hassle Warranty - FREE SHIPPING!. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Price is for 1 - adjust qty as needed.. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. FAST & FREE Shipping.Check Fitment Notes.Sold As 1 Unit. Customs services and international tracking provided. Price is for 1 - adjust qty as needed.. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Not finding what you're looking for? Save toshiba ts605 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
You don't have permission to access /en/modules/toshiba-ts605. 
Drill into information and properties on all devices or contribute information with the Device Browser .. Use the Data Explorer to explore and analyze DeviceAtlas data.. Check our available device properties from our Property List .. Test a User-Agent with the User-Agent Tester .. Device Name HTML5 Hardware Streaming Environment Video Player Web Browser Audio Player JavaScript DRM Network Protocols JavaVM Beta Properties where you helped where you can help conflicted values dynamic properties client-side properties. See all Toshiba devices >> Toshiba TS605. Log in or sign up for a free DeviceAtlas account to see all available device capabilities.. The company/organisation that provides a device, browser or other component to the market. It can be a manufacturer, mobile operator or other organisation exclusively offering a product.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The model name of a device, browser or some other component (e.g. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The marketing name for a device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Primary organisation creating (not necessarily assembling) the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. This is the year that the device was released (or announced). Please login to add your opinion for this property.. True if the device is meant for use on the move.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. User may touch the screen to interact with the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The total number of addressable pixels in the horizontal direction of a rectangular display when held in its default orientation. The Property does not apply to displays that are not rectangular or square.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The total number of addressable pixels in the vertical direction of a rectangular display when held in its default orientation. The Property does not apply to displays that are not rectangular or square.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The diagonal dimension of the screen in inches.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The pixel density of the Device's screen. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Ratio between physical pixels and device-independent pixels (dips) on the browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The color depth of a display.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device has NFC (Near Field Communication) hardware.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Megapixels of the camera if the device has one.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a mobile phone.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a tablet device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a reading device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a games console.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a set-top box.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is a media player.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The version number of a component (e.g. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The supplier of the operating system.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name of the Operating System installed on the device. This can be used as a substitute for the boolean OS properties.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The general group name of the operating system (eg. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The Operating System initial version installed on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Android OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Bada OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with iOS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with RIM OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Symbian OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows Mobile pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows Phone pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with Windows RT OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with WebOS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is distributed with a proprietary OS pre-installed.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Commercial name of the developer platform if any (Nokia Series 40, Sony Ericsson Java Platform, etc).. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. If the device was built around a Developer Platform, which version.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The supplier of the web browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name or type of the browser on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser version on the device.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The name or type of the browser rendering engine used by the browser.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML Basic 1.0.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.0.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.1.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using XHTML-MP 1.2.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to render a page using WML.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to download and open the device's address book when a vCard URI is used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a GIF87 image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a GIF89a image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a JPG image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to display a PNG image embedded in a mobile web page, using a tag such as img or object.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The horizontal size of the default browser's viewport, expressed in device independent pixels (DIPs), when held in its default orientation and the browser zoom is set to 100%. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The vertical size of the default browser's viewport, expressed in device independent pixels (DIPs), when held in its default orientation and the browser zoom is set to 100%. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a telephone call when a URI is defined with the protocol 'tel' followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a new SMS message when a URI is defined with the protocol sms followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of the web browser to start a new SMS message when a URI is defined with the protocol smsto followed by a telephone number (e.g. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability of a client to store cookies and send them when appropriate.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The web browser supports the SSL protocol. Support of different certificate authorities is independent from the ability of supporting SSL. Verify that a page protected with SSL is displayed properly.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for markup in a web page. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for media files embedded in a web page. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Describes the maximum size in bytes for downloaded from a web page and stored locally (e.g. Some browsers might have a variable memory limit based on the memory used by other applications, in that case 0 will be used.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of receiving WAP Push notifications, opening a browser upon user instigation, and following the embedded link.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. JS Support Basic Java Script -. The browser has some level of JavaScript support, typically Alert, Confirm, setInterval, setTimeout.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports modifying DOM elements.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports modifying CSS elements.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Events.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Event Listeners.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports XMLHttpRequest.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports console.log().. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports JSON objects.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Indicates whether the device supports the DeviceAtlas ClientSide component.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to CSD (Circuit Switched Data) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HS CSD (High Speed Circuit Switched Data) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to EDGE (Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HSDPA (High-Speed Downlink Packet Access) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to UMTS (Universal Mobile Telecommunications System) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to HSPA+ (Evolved High-Speed Packet Access) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to LTE (Long Term Evolution) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to LTE Advanced (Long Term Evolution Advanced) networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The UE Category of the device, defining the combined uplink and downlink capability as specified in 3GPP TS36.306.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of making VoLTE calls. When True, this implies LTE, HD Voice, and AMR-WB are True.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of connecting to WiFi networks.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is capable of seamless call handover between Wi-Fi and VoLTE connections.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device natively supports Rich Communication Services as specified in GSMA RCS6.0 UNI.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the audio HTML tag.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the canvas element.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser supports the video HTML tag.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Application Cache.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Geo Location.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports indexedDB.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Local Storage.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Session Storage.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Web GL.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web Sockets API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web SQL Database API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Web Workers API.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Device Orientation.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Device Motion event.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports Touch events.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The browser's JavaScript engine supports the Query Selector.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.0 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.0b -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0b. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.1 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.2 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.2. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream 3GP H.264 Level 1.3 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H263 codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Narrow Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Wide Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream MP4 H.264 Level 1.1 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Stream MP4 H.264 Level 1.3 -. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the streaming of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the HTTP live Streaming protocol.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play WMV envelope for video files. The device is able to parse the WMV envelope for video files.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play a video that includes audio encoded with QCELP (Qualcomm Code Excited Linear Prediction) codec. The device is able to play videos with audio encoded using QCELP.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.0b. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.2. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H264 (MPEG-2 PART 10) codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the H263 codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Narrow Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the 3GP envelope, with the AMR audio codec, in Wide Band. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.1. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the H264 codec and in Level 1.3. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Support for the playback of media encoded in the MP4 envelope, with the AAC (M4V/MP4) Low Complexity codec. Verify that the browser behaves as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MIDI files with not more than 1 note at a time, normally Type 0. The device is able to play the MIDI file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MIDI files, can be Type 0 or Type 1, may have more than 1 note at a time. The device is able to play the MIDI file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate) files as defined by 3GPP. The device is able to play the AMR file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play MP3 (MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3) files. The device is able to play the MP3 file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) as defined as part of the MPEG-4 specifications. The device is able to play the AAC file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The ability to play QCELP (Qualcomm Code Excited Linear Prediction) audio files. The device is able to play the QCELP file as expected.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the forward lock constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the combined delivery constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the separate delivery constraints as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The device is able to open, read and respect the download rules as defined in the OMA DRM v1.0 specifications.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Version number of supported Java MIDP (Mobile Information Device Profile), e.g. The device fully supports JSR 37 or 118 and following as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Version number of supported Java CLDC (Connected Limited Device Configuration), e.g 1.0. The device fully supports JSR 30 or 139 and following as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 30. The device fully supports JSR 30 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 139. The device fully supports JSR 139 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 37. The device fully supports JSR 37 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. The J2ME virtual machine implements JSR 118. The device fully supports JSR 118 as defined by Sun Microsystems.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to add your opinion for this property.. Please login to view the User-Agents for this device (only available for commercial license holders).. To learn more on TAC database, please visit the Device Data for Mobile Operators page.. There was a problem loading the opinions for this property.. This is a property with the read-only access.. Thank you! Your opinion "%s" has been saved.. Thank you! Your opinion has been updated to "%s".. Your opinion "%s" has been removed.. There was a problem saving your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. There was a problem updating your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. There was a problem removing your opinion. Please try again or contact DeviceAtlas support.. Only integer values are permitted for this property.. Only alphanumeric characters and , _. - ^ / + [space] are permitted for this property.. Only boolean values are permitted for this property.. Please choose or enter an opinion value.. Create amazing web presences on any screen. Learn everything about mobile web technology. Copyright © Afilias Technologies Limited 2018. This is a website of Afilias Technologies Ltd, a private company limited by shares, incorporated and registered in the Republic of Ireland with registered number 398040 and registered office at 6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. By continuing to use the site, you accept our use of cookies. 
Toshiba TS605 - user opinions and reviews. 5.5MB storage, microSD (dedicated slot) card slot. Pages: 1 2 3 ». I have one of these phones, very user friendly and the battery as good performance. Not big on standby time but good on real life usage. Worst buy ever for me and why? Simply because it can't cope with the humidity of the Azores Islands. After only 3 months of usage the keyboard was completely mess up, due to moist.. The main problem with this phone is the very low volume from the speaker. And this is a VERY BIG problem. It is a mobile phone after all and not hearing the phone because you are in the next room it is really bad. There is also NO led or something to indicate that you lost a call. I have gone back to my old Siemens CF62. You can't miss a call with that one. Very loud speaker and so many leds that looks like a Christmas tree if you miss a call. Thank God there is Opera mini and Toshiba is going to be used as a cheap mobile internet solution.. its showing sogood& nice,what iexplane about this,really good,. I hve used Toshiba phones, once had Ts605, now with Ts608, they are good, nice designs, but the battery is disaster.. Hi there, can somebody tell me about Toshiba ts605 :It works in US. I'm not so satisfied from this phone, because his software its too bad, he is restarting often, if you drop him, he's turning off at the same moment, it's slow, like turtle and the battery is disaster. But i can't say nothing about design.. *It got bluetooth 1.2 and J2ME MIDP 2.0. *Can take video(3gp format) and photos(jpeg). MIDPSysInfo Java program works! You can check info for your mobile!. *No bluetooth API for Java applications:. bluechat and valhallachat programs do not work!. If you want to chat you must stick to regular bluejacking!(device name change, or sending address book contact with intended message). toshiba phone is absolutely perpect 4 me. now i have 2 toshiba phones ( ts605 & my latest ts30) frm h.k. i love this toshiba phone its users friendly.. ebruli, 18 Jun 2008 I have the same phone and I love it except the charge doesnt take long. more Once i start to charge him switched off and he stay alive three times longer!. Milan M2R - MACEDONI, 27 Apr 2008 Toshiba have a GREAT PROBLEM with MP3 format, if song or file is bigest 350 k NOT Suported.WHY. i have this ts605 from my wife n h.k. i thought it's ok but the mp3 that i download to micro sd can't read. my batery dies very fast too :(((. I have the same phone and I love it except the charge doesnt take long. Do you have a problem like this???. i cant put song ot picure bigger than 350 kb in the memory card whyyy???. For the 350 kb mp3 you can put memory card microSD with 1 GB and you will transfer mp3 bigger than 350 kb.That's all.. I interested in buying this phone because i wish a cheap phone which has basic features and FM radio. now when people say its slow can you please explain what features are slow? thanks. i have this phone for one mounth and it shutting down by self. Toshiba have a GREAT PROBLEM with MP3 format, if song or file is bigest 350 k NOT Suported.WHY. I find this mobile really good. so thin and not heavy at all.!.!. However i have a problem about finding handsfree for this model... I find that mobile great!!! Although it's a little slow and the sounds are little low, in my opinion it has perfect design! I am certainly gonna get it. Pages: 1 2 3 ». Total of 45 user reviews and opinions for Toshiba TS605 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Toshiba Excite Go Toshiba Windows Phone IS12T Toshiba G450 Toshiba G500 Toshiba Thrive Toshiba Excite Pro. 
February 26th, 2018 Apple RF Safety Accessories. Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Youtube Tumblr. Display : TFT, 256K colors, 176 x 220 pixels, 1.93 inches. Camera : 1.3 MP, 1280 x 1024 pixels. USA Legal Limit is 1.6 W/kg - FCC SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue.. European Legal Limit is 2.0 W/kg - EU SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over TEN grams of simulated biological tissue.. 113 x 47 x 10.3 mm. Pink, Green, Champagne, Copper, Silver, Aubergine. GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). 176 x 220 pixels, 1.93 inches. Vibration; Downloadable polyphonic, MP3 ringtones, composer. Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. 1.3 MP, 1280 x 1024 pixels. Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol. Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Standby Time is the total amount of time that you can leave your is fully charged, turned on and ready to send and receive calls or data transmissions before completely discharging the battery. Talk Time is the longest time that a single battery charge will last when you are constantly talking on the phone under perfect conditions, Ambient temperature and highly dependent on the cellular network environment such as the distance to the closest cell network tower.. Up to 2 h 30 min. USA Legal Limit is 1.6 W/kg - FCC SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue.. European Legal Limit is 2.0 W/kg - EU SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over TEN grams of simulated biological tissue.. Be the first to add a Review. What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device?. Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Music and video players, playback quality, speaker sound and handsfree options. What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life?. Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. When you call someone, what is the voice quality you hear or vice versa, is speakerproduct working good during calls. What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing?. Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications?. What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this device.. Bluetooth Headset Dongle For 3.5 MM Air-tube Headsets. $ 19.99 $ 15.99. Law Enforcement Style Mono Ear Hook Acoustic Tube Headset (Single Bud). $ 14.99 $ 4.99. Law Enforcement Style Stereo Ear Hook Acoustic Tube Headset (Dual Bud). $ 24.99 $ 9.99. RF Safe Mono Air Tube Headset (Single Bud). RF Safe Stereo Air Tube Headset (Dual Buds). $ 3.99 $ 1.99. Medium Pocket Shield – Two Layer Shielding Pouch. Large Pocket Shield – Two Layer Shielding Pouch. More Cell Phones From Toshiba. Apple iPhone X Radiation Safety Package. Apple iPhone 8 Radiation Safety Package. Apple iPhone 8 Plus Radiation Safety Package. Samsung Galaxy S8 Radiation Safety Package. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Radiation Safety Package. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus. Apple iPhone 8 Plus vs Apple iPhone X SAR Levels. Apple iPhone 8 vs Apple iPhone 8 Plus. Essential PH-1 vs Apple iPhone 7. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs iPhone 7. NTP Study: Different Frequencies Used By AT&T’s GSM and Sprint’s CDMA May Cause Different Cancers. Wireless Industry admits it’s likely cell phone radiation warnings will be seen all across the country. Cancer expert says science merits need to reclassify phone radiation as a “Group 1 carcinogenic to humans”. RF Safe F-Series vs G-Series Phone Radiation Cases. RF Safe swiftly moves graphene from research lab to consumer marketplace with health conscious smartphone case. Study, ‘LOW SAR’ Non-Thermal Wireless Radiation Levels Can Be MORE Dangerous. Safesleeve Case Misleads Consumers For Years Until Exposed By California News Channel Review. Top Apple Investors Demand Action to Avert Smartphones Risk for Children. iPhone X SAR level is still unknown to public after being announced before FCC approval. Paradigm Shift Has Begun NTP Study on Cell Phones and Cancer. RF Safe™ and Peel-n-Shield™ are Trademarks of RF Safe Corporation. © RF Safe™ 1998-2017. 
Xiaomi may bring dual-rear camera to Mi 5s. HTC Desire 10 to be launched in Q3 2016?. New Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe variant is the first to sport Snapdragon 821. Samsung's developed a socket to support both micro-SD and UFS-based cards. Samsung confirms Galaxy Note 7 launch on August 2. Apple iPhone 7 may have a 1960 mAh battery. Iris X1 mini vs Tek 4D2. Samsung Galaxy S7 Review vs Tek 4D2. Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 Review vs Tek 4D2. X Skin vs Samsung Galaxy J2 (2016). iPhone 6 Plus vs iPhone 6s Plus. iPAQ Glisten vs iPhone SE. Galaxy C7 vs iPhone SE. Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 Review vs 230. GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900. 113 x 47 x 10.3 mm (4.45 x 1.85 x 0.41 in). 176 x 220 pixels (~146 ppi pixel density). Vibration; Downloadable polyphonic, MP3 ringtones, composer. Up to 2 h 30 min. Pink, Green, Champagne, Copper, Silver, Aubergine. Related devices All Toshiba devices. Xiaomi may bring dual-rear camera to Mi 5s. HTC Desire 10 to be launched in Q3 2016?. New Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe variant is the first to sport Snapdragon 821. Samsung's developed a socket to support both micro-SD and UFS-based cards. Samsung confirms Galaxy Note 7 launch on August 2. Apple iPhone 7 may have a 1960 mAh battery. Iris X1 mini vs Tek 4D2. Samsung Galaxy S7 Review vs Tek 4D2. Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 Review vs Tek 4D2. X Skin vs Samsung Galaxy J2 (2016). iPhone 6 Plus vs iPhone 6s Plus. iPAQ Glisten vs iPhone SE. Galaxy C7 vs iPhone SE. Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 Review vs 230. 
Toshiba TS605 mobile phone overview, Toshiba TS605 prices and specifications.. org » Mobile phones catalogue » Toshiba. Select brand Apple Fly HTC LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony-Ericsson Alcatel BenQ-Siemens Mobiado Philips Sagem Vertu 3Q 4Good Acer AEG AGGRESSOR AIEK Ainol AirOn AKMobile AllView Amazon AMOI Ampe AnexTEK ANYCOOL AnyDATA Archos Ark Assistant ASTRO ASUS Audiovox bb-mobile BBK BELLFORT Benefon BenQ Bird BlackBerry Blackview Bliss BLU Bluboo Borton Bosch BQ BRAVIS Caterpillar Changhong Cherry Mobile CHUWI Colorfly Conquest Contixo Coolpad CROWN Cube Cubot Daewoo Dboiz DELL DESTEN DEXP Digma Discovery Dmobo DNS Donod DOOGEE Doro Phoneeasy Dunobil E-ten ECOO Effire EKEN Elari Elenberg Elephone Emol Emote Energy Sistem eNOL Eplutus Ergo Ericsson ESTAR Etuline EVOLVEO Evromedia Explay Ferguson FLYCAT FREETEL Fujitsu Fujitsu-Siemens G-Plus Garmin Garmin Asus Gazer General Mobile GEO-MOBILE GEOFOX Getac Giga GigaByte Gigaset Ginza Ginzzu Gionee Globex GOCLEVER GoldStar GoldVish Google Gresso Grundig GSmart Gtran Haier Highscreen Hisense Hitachi HOLLEY COMMUNICATIONS HOMTOM HP Huawei Hugerock Hyundai i-Mate i-Mobile iBall IconBit IEI iKids Impression iNew INFINIX InFocus Innos Innostream INTEX Aqua iOcean IQM Irbis iRu Irulu IUNI Jeka Jiayu Jinga JOA Telecom Jolla Just5 Karbonn Kata Kazam KENEKSI Kenned KENXINDA Kiano KingSing KINGZONE Konka KREZ Krome Kruger&Matz Kyocera Lark Lava Leagoo Lenco Lenovo LeTV LEXAND Luckystar Luxpad Magic Manta MaxCom Maxon Maxvi Mediacom MEDION Meizu Micromax Microsoft MicroXperts MIJUE Mitac Mito Mitsubishi Mlais Modecom MTS MyPhone MyTab MyWigo NEC Neffos NeoNode Newgen Newman NO.1 Nomi NOUS NTT NVIDIA O2 OINOM Onda OnePlus OPlus Oppo ORRO ORSiO OUKITEL Overmax Oysters Palm Panasonic Pantech Pantech-Curitel Perfeo Phicomm PiPO Pixus Plark PlayPad PocketBook Point of View Porsche Premier Prestigio PULWIN Qmobile Qtek Qumo RangerFone Reellex RITZVIVA Roadmax Rolsen Rover PC RoverPad RugGear Runbo S-TELL Sanyo Seals Seekwood Sendo Senseit SerteC Sewon Sharp Siemens Sigma mobile Siswoo Sitronics SK Skylink SkyTiger Skyvox Smartisan SMS Technology Australia SoftBank Song Sonim Sony Soutec Stark SUGAR Supra Synertek T-Mobile Teclast Tel.me. Tele2 TELEFUNKEN Tengda Tesla TeXet ThL Tonino Lamborghini Toplux Torex Torson Toshi Toshiba TrekStar Turbo TurboKids TurboPad TwinMOS Ubiquam Uhans Ulefone UMI Venso Verico Vernee VERSIYA VERTEX Videocon ViewSonic Viking VK Corporation Vkworld Voxtel Watchtech Wexler Wiko Wileyfox Withus X-Digital Xcute xDevice Xiaomi XOLO Yarvik YEZZ Yota Zakang Zetta Zopo ZTE ZUK Билайн МегаФон. Select model 803T 903T dynaPad WT12PE-A64 Excite Go 7.0 Excite Write G500 Portege G450 Portege G710 Portege G810 Portege G900 Portege G910 / G920 Satellite Click 10 Satellite Click mini TG01 TS605 TS608 TS808 TS 10 TS 921 V904T. Android games for Toshiba TS605. Live wallpapers for Toshiba TS605. HTC LG Samsung Motorola Fly Sony-Ericsson Apple Nokia. Mobiado Vertu BenQ-Siemens Sagem Alcatel Philips. BRAVIS Digma Energy Sistem KREZ Kata Oppo OnePlus RugGear Wexler Impression Xiaomi SUGAR Cubot UMI DOOGEE BQ iOcean iNew KENEKSI Karbonn GSmart Jinga DNS Ginzzu Maxvi ThL Sigma mobile OPlus Torex Elephone DEXP Zopo KingSing InFocus Jolla 3Q 4Good AEG AGGRESSOR AIEK Ainol AirOn AKMobile AllView Amazon Ampe AnexTEK ANYCOOL AnyDATA Archos Ark Assistant ASTRO Audiovox bb-mobile Билайн BELLFORT Benefon Blackview Bliss BLU Bluboo Borton Caterpillar Cherry Mobile CHUWI Colorfly Conquest Contixo Coolpad CROWN Cube Dboiz DESTEN Discovery Dmobo Donod Doro Phoneeasy Dunobil ECOO Effire EKEN Elari Elenberg Emote eNOL Eplutus Ergo ESTAR Etuline EVOLVEO Evromedia Explay Ferguson FLYCAT FREETEL Fujitsu G-Plus Garmin Garmin Asus Gazer General Mobile GEO-MOBILE GEOFOX Getac Gigaset Gionee Globex GOCLEVER GoldStar GoldVish Google Gresso Gtran Highscreen HOMTOM Hugerock i-Mate i-Mobile iBall IconBit IEI iKids INFINIX Innos INTEX Aqua IQM Irbis iRu Irulu IUNI Jeka Jiayu JOA Telecom Just5 Kazam Kenned KENXINDA Kiano KINGZONE Krome Kruger&Matz Lark Lava Leagoo Lenco LeTV LEXAND Luckystar Luxpad Magic Manta MaxCom Mediacom MEDION МегаФон Micromax MicroXperts MIJUE Mito Mlais Modecom MTS MyPhone MyTab MyWigo NEC Neffos NeoNode Newgen Newman NO.1 Nomi NOUS NTT NVIDIA O2 OINOM Onda ORRO ORSiO OUKITEL Overmax Oysters Palm Perfeo Phicomm PiPO Pixus Plark PlayPad PocketBook Point of View Premier Prestigio PULWIN Qmobile Qtek Qumo RangerFone Reellex RITZVIVA Roadmax Rolsen Rover PC RoverPad Runbo S-TELL Seals Seekwood Sendo Senseit SerteC Sewon Siswoo Sitronics SK Skylink SkyTiger Skyvox Smartisan SMS Technology Australia Song Sonim Stark Supra Synertek T-Mobile Teclast Tel.me. Tele2 TELEFUNKEN Tengda Tesla TeXet Tonino Lamborghini Torson Toshi TrekStar Turbo TurboKids TurboPad TwinMOS Ubiquam Uhans Ulefone Venso Verico Vernee VERSIYA VERTEX Videocon Viking VK Corporation Vkworld Voxtel Wiko Wileyfox Withus X-Digital Xcute xDevice XOLO Yarvik YEZZ Yota Zakang Zetta ZUK Sanyo Mitsubishi Toshiba ZTE Kyocera Innostream ViewSonic Porsche E-ten Huawei Watchtech ASUS HOLLEY COMMUNICATIONS Soutec Bosch AMOI Sharp Daewoo Toplux Acer Fujitsu-Siemens Konka Microsoft HP DELL Giga GigaByte Hitachi BenQ Emol Panasonic Grundig BBK Pantech-Curitel Pantech Hisense Haier Ericsson Hyundai Mitac Sony Maxon Lenovo Siemens SoftBank Ginza Changhong Meizu Bird BlackBerry. You can not compare more 50 models. First you have to remove one of the already added phones.. Phone release year: Classic GSM (900, 1800, 1900) Weight: 79 gr. TFT-display Resolution: 176x220 pixels 262 000 colors. Internal memory: 5.5 Mb Memory card: microSD (TransFlash). Standby time 6 days 6 hours Talk time 2 hours 30 minutes Li-Ion battery 800 mAh. Please, select version of your platform. Why do I need to select the version of my platform?. To select compatible games for your device, we need to know the version of your platform.. How to find out the version of my platform?. Toshiba TS605 overview, full specifications and prices.. 
Career & Money Business Biography & History Entrepreneurship Leadership & Mentoring Money Management Time Management. Personal Growth Happiness Psychology Relationships & Parenting Religion & Spirituality Self-Improvement. Politics & Current Affairs Politics Society. Health & Fitness Fitness Nutrition Sports & Recreation Wellness. Lifestyle Arts & Languages Fashion & Beauty Food & Wine Home & Garden Travel. Entertainment Celebrity Biography & Memoir Pop Culture. Biographies & History Biography & Memoir History. Fiction Children’s & YA Classic Literature Contemporary Fiction Historical Fiction LGBTQ Fiction Mystery, Thriller & Crime Romance Science Fiction & Fantasy. close user settings menu Join Sign In Upload. Toshiba TS605 Related Interests Battery Charger Electronics Telecommunications Technology Entertainment (General) Rating and Stats Document Actions. Sharing Options Share on Facebook, opens a new window Share on Twitter, opens a new window Share on LinkedIn Share by email, opens mail client. Download as PDF, TXT or read online from Scribd. PA Star - Magnetic Resonance Imaging of Implanted Deep Brain Stimulators Experience in a Large Series. As 2548.1-1998 Battery Chargers for Lead-Acid Traction Batteries Battery Chargers for Vented Cells. by SAI Global - APAC. ingle Phase Online UPS Employing ACT with Power Factor Corrected Rectifier. by International Journal for Scientific Research and Development. Skylab 2 PAO Mission Commentary 5 of 5. Electrical Engineering 101: Everything You Should Have Learned in School...but Probably Didn't by Darren Ashby. Cellular Internet of Things: Technologies, Standards, and Performance by Olof Liberg , Marten Sundberg , and Eric Wang. Electric Circuits Problem Solver by Editors of REA. Pages 4 to 45 are not shown in this preview.. Pages 49 to 93 are not shown in this preview.. Pages 97 to 98 are not shown in this preview.. About About Scribd Press Our blog Join our team! Contact Us Join today Invite Friends Gifts. Support Help / FAQ Accessibility Purchase help AdChoices Publishers. English 中文 Español العربية Português 日本語 Deutsch Français Turkce Русский язык Tiếng việt Język polski Bahasa indonesia. Sign up to vote on this title. This action might not be possible to undo. Are you sure you want to continue?. The rest of this title will be available soon. Toshiba TS605 will be available on. 
STATUS INTRODUCED FORM FACTOR NETWORKS BATTERY DIMENSIONS. Discontinued February 2007 Block 2G Li-Ion 113.0 x 47.0 x 10.0. Network (2G) GSM 900 / GSM 1800 / GSM 1900. Dimensions 113.0 x 47.0 x 10.0. GPRS Yes, Class 10 (4+1/3+2 slots), 32 - 48 kbps. Extras - 1.3 MP, 1280 x 1024 pixels, video(CIF). Extras - MP3/ACC player - Photo album - Photo editor. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Toshiba Manuals Cell Phone TS605 Technical & service manual Toshiba TS605 Technical & Service Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba TS705 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba TX80 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba TG01 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba regza T004 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba TM5-E01 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba T-01B User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba G500 User Manual. Toshiba cell phone user manual (145 pages). Toshiba cell phone user manual (123 pages). Cell Phone TOSHIBA TS10 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba A5517T Basic Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba Regza ISO4 Basic Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba SG4-E01 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba PORTEGE G910 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba Portege G710 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba 2032SP Online User's Manual. Toshiba regza is series mobile phone basic manual (80 pages). Toshiba cell phone user guide (140 pages). Summary of Contents for Toshiba TS605. Page 8: Handset Specification And Introduction. Page 16: Interfaces, Sim Card Interface. Page 35: Disassembly And Reassembly Procedure. Page 54: Download Cables, Software Download. Page 60: System Module And User Interface. Page 61: Technical Description, Rf Overview. Page 62: Rf Function Block Diagram. Page 68: Cpu Memory, Real Time Clock (rtc), Lcd Module, Camera / Backend Ic. Page 69: Switches, Keypad, Power Key. Page 75: Power Source, Regulator Control, Voltage Regulation. Page 78: Main Trouble Shooting Diagram. Page 81: Will Not Read Sim Card. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES TS605 / TS2050 Technical Service Manual Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 1 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES INDEX PAGE 1.0 GENERAL ADVICE 1.1 CUSTOMER CARE SOLUTIONS 1.2 ESD PROTECTION 2.0 HANDSET SPECIFICATION AND INTRODUCTION 2.1 HANDSET SPECIFICATION 2.1.1 HARDWARE 2.1.2 SOFTWARE 2.1.3 PHYSICAL 2.1.4 VIDEO 2.1.5 OTHERS 2.1.6 PRODUCT OVERVIEW 2.2 INTERFACES 2.2.1 SIM CARD INTERFACE 2.2.2 MEMORY CARD INTERFACE 2.2.3 BATTERY INTERFACE.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES INDEX PAGE 5.0 SOFTWARE DOWNLOAD 5.1 SOFTWARE DOWNLOAD 5.1.1 DOWNLOAD CABLES 5.1.2 DOWNLOAD TOOL 5.1.3 EQUIPMENT SETTING 5.1.4 MAIN PROGRAM INTERFACE 5.1.5 BACKUP TOOL 6.0 SYSTEM MODULE AND USER INTERFACE 6.1 TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION 6.1.1 RF OVERVIEW 6.1.2 RF FUNCTION BLOCK DIAGRAM 6.1.3 FREQUENCY PLAN 6.1.4 TRANSMITTER.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES INDEX PAGE 7.0 TROUBLE SHOOTING 7.1 MAIN TROUBLE SHOOTING DIAGRAM 7.1.1 NO POWER UP 7.1.2 FLASH FAILED 7.1.3 WILL NOT READ SIM CARD 7.1.4 POOR SERVICE 7.1.5 WILL NOT CHARGE 7.1.6 LCD FAILURE 7.1.7 BUZZER FAULT 7.1.8 VIBRATOR FAULT 7.1.9 FAULTY KEYPAD 7.1.10 FAULTY RTC.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 1.0 GENERAL ADVICE Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 5 of 103.... 4- All documentation within this service manual must remain confidential and should not be shared with any unknown 3 party, without written consent from Toshiba MCD, UK. Cautions 1- Servicing and alignment must be undertaken by qualified personnel only.. CUSTOMER SERVICES 1.2 ESD (Electro Static Discharge)PROTECTION SERVICE REQUIRMENTS 1- Toshiba require that all TPSV’s ensure that the technicians work bench has sufficient ESD protection. 2- Accessories such as batteries, chargers, multimedia cards and sim cards can be replaced in normal conditions (Non ESD protected environment).. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 2.0 HANDSET SPECIFICATION AND INTRODUCTION Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 8 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 2.1 HANDSET SPECIFICATION 2.2.1 HARDWARE Item Description Remark Frequency EGSM-900(880MHz– 960MHz). Three-band GSM-1800(1710MHz– 880MHz) PCS-1900(1850MHz– 990MHz) 1.93" 176X220 TFT Citizen Display 1.3 Mega CMOS Camera w/o Marco Vender: CSR Chipset: BC3-ROM Support: v1.2 Bluetooth V1.2 Power Class: Class 2 or 3 Max Size of data of phone memory : 350KB.... CLDC 1.0 + JSR -120 Wireless Messaging API + JSR-118 MIDP 2.0) JSR-185 JTWI (Conditional: JSR-135 MMAPI (mobile multimedia API) + JSR-139 CLDC 1.1) T9 Input 6.1.3 TBD, define by Toshiba Text Input 1.1.2 ExtendSI SynML DS SynML DM POP3/SMTP Email QR code recognition Version 1.0 22/11/2006.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 2.1.3 PHYSICAL SPECIFICATION Item Description Remark Detail Features Air Link Protocol Class10 GPRS ---- EDGE Physical Features Candy Bar Form Factor 113*47*10.3mm Dimension 84g (AL) ; 81g(Ma) Weight Display Features 176X220 (w*h) Resolution 1.93" Dimension LCD Technology Transmissive type w/o Reflective Type.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 2.1.4 VIDEO SPECIFICATION Item Description Remark Video Codec Feature Digital Zoom capability BMP, JPEG, GIF, PNG Still image output format CIF @ 15fps Video Decode Capability (MPEG4/H263) Video Decode Capability (H264/AAC) CIF @ 15fps Video Encode Capability (MPEG4/AMR) Video Phone (MPEG4/H263) Streaming (Progressive.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 2.1.5 OTHERS Description Remark Item STK Release 98 STK Release 99 STK Class SIM Lock V. 4.2 (excluded IN & CPHS CSP) Phase 1 & 2 USSD Multimedia Message SMS - Cell Broadcast OMA 1.1 i-Mode POP3/SMTP E-Mail.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 2.1.5 OTHERS CONTINUED Description Remark Item Wifi 7480KB for user memory Mass Storage Java Doja JTWI 1.0 JSR-75 PDA PIM & FC JSR-82 Bluetooth API JSR-120 WMA 1.0 JSR-184 3D (OpenGL) JSR-205 WMA 2.0 JSR-234 Advanced Multimedia Supplements JSR-248 Mobile Service Architecture for CLDC.... CUSTOMER SERVICES 2.1.6 PRODUCT OVERVIEW The TS605/TS2050, is a slim and very stylish product that boast all of the features that you would expect as standard. Although the product incorporates a simple 1.3 mega pixel camera, the display really does show off the high quality of images with excellent detail.. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 2.2 INTERFACES 2.2.1 SIM CARD INTERFACE Your SIM card identifies your phone on the network and stores your details, including your PIN, call history, and subscription information. It can also be used to store some phone book data. You should only remove your SIM card when absolutely necessary.. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 17 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 2.2.2 MEMORY CARD INTERFACE Your Phones supports a microSD card up to 1GB. The memory card slot is located under the battery. The battery cover is located on the rear of the phone. Inserting / Removing the Memory slot Turn to the back of your phone to locate your battery room.. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 19 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 2.2.3 BATTERY INTERFACE The battery included with your phone is not charged. Before you can switch on your phone for the first time, you need to install the phone's battery and charge it. Inserting or Changing the Battery To insert or change the battery: Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 2.2.4 Charging the Battery To charge a battery: During charging, there will no indication on the phone screen. Please keep the phone charge for a white before you disconnect the charger. Disconnecting the charger To disconnect the charger, grip it tightly and pull. You should disconnect the charger from the power outlet before disconnecting the charger from the phone.. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 2.2.5 Charging Indicator The first time you charge your battery, you should leave it charging for 8 hours. The battery only achieves optimum performance after two or three complete charges. When the battery power is low, the phone starts beeping and "Battery Low" will be displayed.. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 2.3 HANDSET UI 2.3.1 HANDSET DESCRIPTION Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 23 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 2.3.2 KEY FUNCTIONALITY Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 24 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 25 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 2.3.3 Display Concept – Main Icon Description Signal Strength (lower to high) Roaming Keypad lock Appointments Bluetooth (active/connecting) Phone set to mute/Vibrate Alarm Set Message indicator Battery level ( empty to full) Headset Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 26 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 2.3.4 MAIN MENU Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 27 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Menu Structure Main Menu 2nd Level Main 2nd Level Menu Entertainment Games Settings General Composer Display Sounds Contacts View contacts Connectivity View groups Browser Homepage Special Bookmarks numbers Settings Quick call Tools Scheduler Advanced Alarm Memory status Appointments My Player.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 2.4 MMI TEST The MMI test application is provided to check or adjust the mobile workability. Dial *#369#* to enter the test mode. Please notice the items 4,5,6 are for production and for special purpose, don’t change the default value arbitrarily or may cause mobile malfunction.. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES MECHANICAL CONCEPT Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 30 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 3.1 Exploded View Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 31 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES EXPLODED VIEW CONTINUED Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 32 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 3.2 SPARE PARTS LIST - MECHANICAL Ref No Description Part Number TOP CASE ASSY VI5 TOP CASE VI5 33VI5TC0I01 ANTENNA FPC DQ663196502 BASE CASE ASSY VI5 SILVER EAVI5002017 MIDDLE CASE ASSY VI5 36VI5MC0I06 RECEIVER (SPK 320OHM) DN1D109B002 SPEAKER 8 OHM 97DB(0.5W,DSH929-001) DNDSH929001.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 3.3 SPARE PARTS - PHOTO Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 34 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES DISASSEMBLY REASSEMBLY PROCEDURE Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 35 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 4.1 DISASSEMBLY Purpose：Change defect mechanical parts Tools: Black Sticker, T5 and Tweezers Tools :T5 and Tweezers and Black Sticker Tweezers Black Sticker Remove the Battery Cover Remove the Battery Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 36 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Take out Car kit rubber Release 2 screws Using Black Sticker to lift up the Top Case from the Base Case. Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 37 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Using Black Sticker to lift up the Top Case form the right side. Using Black Sticker to lift up the Top Case from the left side. (be care do not damage the Bluetooth Antenna) Let the Top Case upward. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES The Motor (vibrator) can be pulled up when use tweezers. Remove the receiver Release 2 screws of middle case Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 39 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Separate Key PCB from the Antenna Holder. Separate the Antenna Holder from Base case Use Black Sticker to raise the PCB module from the Base Case. Use Black Sticker to raise the PCB module from the Middle Case.. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES tear off mylar of Speaker Remove the speaker. (Carefully not to damage the SPK’s pin.) Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 41 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Detach the Key PCB coaxial cable head from the Key PCB & M/B Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 42 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 4.2 REASSEMBLY Assemble Middle Case on Base Case Make sure hook on the position as shown Assemble Antenna Holder on Base Case Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 43 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Tear off paper of speaker. Place the Speaker on the Base Case. (remind:be care the pins of speaker, don’t damage) Stick Mylar on Speaker Stick Mylar on USB Conn as shown Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 44 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Mount the Key PCB coaxial cable head on the Key PCB & M/B. Tear off protect film of CMOS Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 45 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Assemble USB into Base Case then assemble M/B to base case as shown Tear off tape paper of base case as shown then assemble K/B on base case Pls push the coaxial (antenna) cable to the bottom of M/B Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Tighten 2 screws on middle case (Torque: 0.5+/- 0.1kgsf/cm2) Tear off tape paper of Receiver then assemble on Top Case Tear off tape paper of Motor then assemble on Top Case as shown Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 47 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Place Keyset on Top Case Assemble the Top Case with the Base Case as shown. (Be care the Motor line) Take care and do not damage Bluetooth Antenna Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 48 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Position Top Case hook as shown Tighten 2 screws (Torque: 0.5+/- 0.1kgsf/cm2) Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 49 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Tear off tape paper of Main Lens Glue Stick on the main Lens shielding Clean the LCD and Main Lens Then assemble LCD Main Lens Tear Cmos lens tape paper Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 50 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Stick CMOS Lens Assemble Carkit Rubber as shown Install the Battery Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 51 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Position the Battery Cover Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 52 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES SOFTWARE DOWNLOAD Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 53 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 5.1 SOFTWARE DOWNLOAD 5.1.1 DOWNLOAD CABLES Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 54 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 5.1.2 DOWNLOAD TOOL Core Software Download Mapping Language Pack Header (encrypted) Download Setting (Mem. address, FFS...), PMC code MBF file Agent (Encrypted Raw Data) Target (Encrypted Raw Data) Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 55 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 5.1.3 EQUIPMENT SETTING Handset D/L Cable • Keep handset off before downloading software • Endure that battery capacity is suitable for duration of download procedure Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 56 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 5.1.4 MAIN PROGRAM INTERFACE Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 57 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES When you have connected the cable to the handset, switch it on and the USB connection will detect automatically. 1 – Load the specific configuration file and check the configuration 2 – Wait until “Press Power is showing 3 –.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 5.1.5 BACKUP TOOL Program Functions Clear: Erase all user data Backup: Copy the user data to PC. The data is saved as an encrypted file with a .mot extension, under the tool installed directory Restore: restore user data to handset Backup Tool Procedure 1 –.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES SYSTEM MODULE USER INTERFACE Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 60 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 6.1 TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION 6.1.1 RF OVERVIEW INTRODUCTION General Specifications The telephone is a Tri-Band product. The transmit and receive bands for the mobile are given in the table below: E-GSM 900 880-915 MHz 925-960 MHz GSM 1800 1710-1785 MHz 1805-1880 MHz.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 6.1.2 RF FUNCTION BLOCK DIAGRAM Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 62 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 6.1.3 FREQUENCY PLAN The TX frequency plan is shown below TX frequency TX frequency TX IF TX RF LO plan 1459.59- EGSM 900 880.2-914.8MHz 88.46-114.35MHz 1543.725MHz 1710.2- 90.316- 1354.737- GSM 1800 1784.8MHz 104.776MHz 1414.482MHz 1850.2- 97.379- 1460.684- PCS 1900.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 6.1.4 TRANSMITTER SKY77328 SKY74117 Figure Transmitter block diagram TX path is a translation loop architecture consisting of an IQ modulator, integrated high power VCO, offset mixer, programmable divider, PFD, charge pump, and power amplifier with its control circuit. The device consists of an In-phase and Quadrate (I/Q) modulator within a frequency translation loop designed to perform frequency up-conversion with high output spectral purity.. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 6.1.5 RECEIVER Figure Receiver block diagram RX path is a direction down conversion architecture that eliminates the need for Intermediate Frequency (IF) components. The device includes three bands integrated LNAS, a quadrate demodulator, baseband amplifier circuit with I/Q outputs and three stages of DC-offset correction.. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 6.2 BASEBAND OVERVIEW 6.2.1 INTRODUCTION The baseband block of the handset performs the following functions: Equalization Channel coding / decoding Speech coding / decoding Data Encryption Layer 1, 2 and 3 software tasks Man Machine interface (MMI) System Interface SIM Interface and Management Audio and Tone Generation.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES Digital Baseband Processor GSM processor ADI AD6527B Package 204 -Ball CSPBGA Features Complete single chip GSM Programmable Digital Baseband Processor divided into three main subsystems: 1.Control processor subsystem including 32-bit MCU ARM7TDMI control processor 58.5 MHz operations at 1.8V 1Mb on-chip System SRAM Memory 2.. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 6.2.2 CPU MEMORY To reduce component space, the phone uses a BGA package with Dual operation Flash memory and SRAM MCP. The following memory configuration is used: 256Mbits Flash memory organized as 16M * 16bits 64Mbits Pseudo RAM organized as 4M * 16 bits.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 6.3 SWITCHES 6.3.1 KEYPAD The keypad matrix contains 4 rows and 5 columns, allowing 20 keys to be scanned. When a key is pressed, a keypad interrupt is generated. Then system scans each column in turn and reads which row is active to determine which key is pressed.. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 6.4 AUDIO SYSTEM Figure Audio system block diagram AD6537B is a complete mixed-signal baseband processor that combines all of the data converters and power supply regulators required for GSM 900 /GSM 850 /DCS 1800 / PCS 1900 mobile on a single device, including HSCSD and GPRS.. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 6.4.1 VOICE BAND CODEC Chipset ADI AD6537B Package 148-Ball LFBGA Baseband Transmit Section GMSK Modulator channel & Q-channel Transmit DACs and Filters Power Ramping DAC Baseband Receive Section channel and Q-channel Receive ADCs and Filters Auxiliary Section Voltage Reference Automatic Frequency Control DAC.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES About handset power management, AD6537B is designed to supply all the required power in the platform. It provides seven regulator outputs, including VCORE (1.8V), VMEM (2.93V), VEXT (2.93V), VABB (2.45V), VRTC (1.8V), VCTCXO (2.75V), VSIM (2.85V), and VMIC (2.75V). VCORE and VMEM supply the power of all digital signals and VABB supplies all the analog power.. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 6.4.4 SPEAKER A second speaker is housed in the back case for melodies and ring tones. 6.5 POWER MANAGEMENT The block diagram of power management sub-system is shown below: Memory VMEM Power on detection VBAT and latching VCORE Battery.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 6.5.1 POWER ON SEQUENCE When the user presses the power key, KEYON pin of AD6537B is pulled low; all the LDOs required for system boot will be turned on at the same time. Then AD6537B pull low the KEYROW4 pin of AD6527B by KEYOUT pin, and system monitors this pin for 2 seconds to make sure the key event is not a key mis- pressing.. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 6.5.2 POWER SOURCE The battery used is a single Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion) cell with a nominal voltage of 3.7 V and 700-mAh capacity. T Li-Ion type of battery has an advantage in weight and size over Nickel Metal Hydride (NiMH) cells. 6.5.3 REGULATOR CONTROL The voltage regulators are enabled or disabled based on the remaining capacity of the battery.. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES TCXO Regulator (VTCXO): 2.8 V The TCXO regulator is intended as a supply for a temperature compensated crystal oscillator, which needs power supply with ultra-low noise. VTCXO is rated to 20 mA output current and is turned on when TCXOEN is asserted. RTC Regulator (VRTC): 1.8 V The RTC regulator is used to charge the RTC backup battery needed by real-time clock module.. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES TROUBLESHOOTING Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 77 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 7.1 MAIN TROUBLESHOOTING DIAGRAM Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 78 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 7.1.1 NO POWER UP Cause : PCB dead or Part jammed Phone Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 79 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 7.1.2 FLASH FAILED Cause : PCB dead or Min. USB has broken Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 80 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 7.1.3 WILL NOT READ SIMCARD Cause : PCB dead or SIM card holder has broken Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 81 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 7.1.4 LOW / NO SERVICE Cause : PCB dead or Antenna has broken Low Receiving Signal or can not Check SIM card setting right? Refer to (Phone can not read SIM card) connect Network Service Provider (1) Modify antenna location.. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 7.1.5 WILL NOT CHARGE Cause: PCB dead or Mini. USB has broken Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 83 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 7.1.6 FAULTY LCD Cause: PCB dead or LCD module has broken Illumination Restore factory setting Testing Fail Re-Download Refer to (Updating program is failed) (1) Repair LCD FPC Check LCD FPC ACF ? (2) Change LCD Check LCD FPC with U403 (1) Repair U403 Connecting?. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 7.1.7 FAULTY BUZZER Cause: PCB dead or Buzzer/Receiver has broken Buzzer Restore factory setting Testing Fail Refer to (Updating program is failed) Re-Download (1) Change Component Check the SPK/Receiver Component ? PCBA dead Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 85 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 7.1.8 FAULTY VIBRA MOTOR Cause: PCB dead or Vibrator has broken Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 86 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 7.1.9 FAULTY KEYPAD Cause: PCB dead or Keypads has broken Keypads Restore factory setting Testing Fail Re-Download Refer to (Updating program is failed) Check keyset being (1) Clean and Re-assemble Keyset OK ? (2) Change Keyset Check key metal dome Change Key metal dome being OK ?. MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 7.1.10 RTC FAULTY Cause: PCB dead or RTC battery has broken status Restore factory setting Testing Fail Refer to (Updating program is failed) Re-Download Change (BAT101) of PCBA Check (BAT101) of PCBA 0.8 v PCBA dead Version 1.0 22/11/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 88 of 103.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 7.1.11 MIC AND SPEAKER FAULTY Cause: PCB dead or Microphone / Speaker has broken Microphone Restore factory setting Speaker Testing Fail Earphone Fail , Re-Download Refer to (Updating program is failed) check Mini. USB port Refer to (Charging can not work) repair ACF B2B FPC.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 7.1.12 LCD ERROR Cause: PCB dead or LCD module has broken Restore factory setting Testing Fail Refer to (Updating program is failed) Re-Download (1) repair ACF LCD FPC Check LCD FPC and PCBA being connected OK ? (1) repair ACF LCD FPC Check LCD module being.... MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION CUSTOMER SERVICES 7.1.13 CAMERA FAULTY Cause: PCB dead or CMOS has broken Camera Restore factory setting Testing Fail Re-Download Refer to (Updating program is failed) Check CMOS FPC and (J401)PCBA being Repair ACF CMOS FPC connected OK ? (1) Repair ACF CMOS FPC (2)change Camera module Check Camera module being OK.... Mobile Communications Division Customer Services 7.2 CONNECTORS 7.2.1 Connectors on Board I USB Connector J500 BAT 101 Battery Connector J201 Version 1.0 14/08/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 92 of 103.... Mobile Communications Division Customer Services 7.2.2 ACF CONNECTIONS CMOS Connector Connector J402 J401 KEY FPC Conn J302 Version 1.0 14/08/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 93 of 103.... Mobile Communications Division Customer Services 7.2.3 MAIN BASEBAND IC ON PCB Backend IC (AIT811) U403 Memory 256+64mb U102 GSM Processor Power Controller ADI 6527 ADI6538B U101 U201 Version 1.0 14/08/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 94 of 103.... Mobile Communications Division Customer Services MAIN BASEBAND IC’s continued: Melody U503 Version 1.0 14/08/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 95 of 103.... Mobile Communications Division Customer Services 7.2.4 MAIN RF IC’s ON PCB BlueTooth U1002 (SKY77328) U1101 Transceiver (SKY74117) U1201 Version 1.0 14/08/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 96 of 103.... Mobile Communications Division Customer Services 7.2.5 CONNECTORS ON KEYPAD MODULE SIM HOLDER J600 FLASH CARD HOLDER Version 1.0 14/08/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 97 of 103.... Mobile Communications Division Customer Services 7.3 ACF – ANISOTROPIC CONDUCTIVE FILM ACF is a reliable, cheap and efficient way of bonding. On the TS608 ACF Technology has been used to bond the following components to the PCB LCD Module CMOS / Camera Module Keypad Module MP3 FPC Module In order to replace such components, it must be understood the exact.... Mobile Communications Division Customer Services The bonding particles are the small white dots that you can see on the clear tape. Or you can use ACP or Anisotropic Conductive Paste. There is a very much set process when it come to replacing ACF Parts. There is a cheap way, which is highly unreliable and not authorised and there is the correct way.. Mobile Communications Division Customer Services Handset Specific Jig Paste This equipment along with the correct materials and procedures MUST be used for ACF parts replacement. Version 1.0 14/08/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 100 of 103.... The following pictures are for equipment that MUST NOT be used for ACF replacement and as such would invalidate any such warranty with Toshiba: This is not acceptable as it is open to human error along with the fact that it is non ESD compliant and susceptible to dust.. Mobile Communications Division Customer Services Step 2 – Smear ACF rework dissolvent around the ACF with a cotton swab. Step 3 – Wait for the underfill to get hard. This will take approximately 30-40 minutes. Use black stick to clean the underfill away. Mobile Communications Division Customer Services 7.4 LABEL SPECIFICATION Please note that the label design can be different, dependant on the customer. Version 1.0 14/08/2006 Created by Konrad Szombara Page 103 of 103.... By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
...and the selected country code will be updated here. ...and the selected country code will be updated here. Unlock Toshiba TS605 to use any network worldwide. Use any compatible SIM card with. All unlock services come with a full. No specialist cables or software is. No solution can be found for your TS605 to be unlocked We unfortunatly can not help you out this time. Please try again in a few days. Please provide network that TS605 is CURRENTLY locked to. This is the network that the phone works with NOW. NOT the network you intend to use later.. We're really sorry but we currently do not have a solution at the current time to. Enter your email address below and we'll contact you as soon as this service becomes. Please enter the IMEI code correctly. The code should be 15 digits long, if your code. longer just input the first 15 digits.. To retreive the IMEI from your mobile phone, simply type the following code into your. using the keypad as if you were making a call:. We unlock smartphones, phones and tablets. If your Toshiba TS605 is not accepting the SIM card. of a rival network, we can help you to remove this restriction without you having to send the device to us.. We help to unlock phones and tablets with a variety of specialist unlocking services which are all provided. remotely and are all very easy to perform.. It's as easy as 1-2-3!. 1 Unlock Mobiles - Made so simple.. We aim to make the entire process of unlocking your Toshiba TS605 totally stress. We provide a simple solution to unlock any Toshiba TS605 phone. is guaranteed to be a permanent unlock forever and will be unaffected by any future software. You will not need any special cables or additional software to hand either. a number into your TS605 phone and can follow our basic instructions, you will have. phone unlocked in no time at all.. To order your Toshiba TS605 unlock, simply complete the order form above.. Sometimes you will need to provide the current network provider as prices may vary across. Once provided, you will be shown an accurate and up to date quote and delivery. time to unlock your TS605 to allow use on other networks.. If you are happy with the quote presented to unlock your Toshiba TS605, continue as. You will need to provide the IMEI (Unique Serial Number) of your phone to. complete your order and then proceed to checkout and pay.. Once your order is paid for and complete, you will receive an order confirmation via e-mail. which also contains detailed information on what happens next.. Once your Toshiba TS605 unlock service is ready for collection, you will be sent another. You will need to log back in to our customer control panel to access. your unlock service and detailed unlock instructions. 24-7 in the event that you encounter a problem.. You can also login to our control panel at any time to check on the status of an order.. Ricardo Wallace HTC 10 - EE. fantastic service had my code with in 5 mins - 5 stars. Dan White LG Spree - Cricket Communications. Worked great! Second code unlocked my LG Cricket.. Lori Delzer LG D415 - T-Mobile. Service was quick and fairly easy to use. I had to go in to the settings to find out where to put the unlock code... Cristian Bordei LG K8 - Orange. The phone works very good now.. Colin Brunger Samsung Galaxy S6 EDGE - EE. It took 2 days plus the weekend to give me the unlock code, but, it then worked so easy, very pleased. Dalpat Lad LG K4 - EE. Ian Parris LG A133 - O2. Insufficient instructions included, however, it did what it said on the tin, phone now unlocked after i googled How To.. Kenneth Peterson Samsung SM-G920F - EE. Well done lads and thank you. Amy Wilson LG G4 - EE. Nicholas Odonnell Samsung Galaxy J5 - 3. finally figured out my mistake, your codes were bang on thank you!. We have reviews from customers all over Bulgaria and the rest of the world. The ability to unlock the Toshiba TS605 is just one of the many unlocking services we offer for. tablets in Bulgaria and across the rest of the world.. Unlocking Online has been providing unlock services for phones and tablets since its inception in 2003 when we. first offered customers the opportunity to unlock first generation phones by code from the comfort of. We were one of the global pioneers of phone unlocking online. All of our services have always been provided with a full money back. Popular: Unlock by mobile phone make. ZTE Maven 3 locked to. HTC One M9 locked to. HTC Desire 626s locked to. © 2018 Unlocking Online, all rights reserved.. 
Home How it works Testimonials FAQ Help Code entry instructions Troubleshooting Contact. Facebook Instagram YouTube. Language |. Home How it works Testimonials FAQ Help Code entry instructions Troubleshooting Contact. Order the Permanent Factory Unlock of your Toshiba TS605. Once unlocked, you will be able to use your phone with any GSM SIM card worldwide. Unlocked phones will not support CDMA SIM card. such as Sprint, Tracfone and Verizon. It's permanent! No relocking after software updates. This will not unblock a blacklisted IMEI. This is not an unlock for your phone's Passcode. What you need to know about this service:. Quick links Blog About us Terms and conditions Apply for a refund FREE phone unlock. Support FAQ Check order status Code entry instructions Troubleshooting. Thank you for your message - we'll get back to you as quickly as possible!. Aenean eu tristique See all features. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. 
purple, silver, bronze, yellow, green, pink. 2 hours, 30 minutes. Navigation Joystick / Button Numeric Keypad. GSM 1800, 1900, 900. to view the teardown data for this device.. If you are interested in becoming a client, please. Contact ABI for subscription information.. Why is this taking so long?. Our teardown PDFs are generated on demand to be sure that they contain up-to-date pricing and imagery.. The PDFs contain full-resolution imagery from the teardown, making them hundreds of megabytes in size.. All of the information contained in the PDFs is also available in an interactive format, accessible by using the tabs on this page.. Using the interactive interface will ensure that you are always looking at the latest data available and the experience is optimized for performance.. We recommend using the PDF downloads only when you have a specific need for an offline report.. 
USD $ EUR € GBP £ CAD $. Home Contact UnlockBase Cable Unlock Software Currency: USD Support e-mail Track your Order LOGIN. $ USD € EUR £ GBP $ CAD. Is this product being sold elsewhere for a lower price?. Price match requests are handled by professional sourcing staffs.. Please fill in the short form below and we will try to work with our suppliers to match their price or provide an even better deal.. If the reported product is identical to our product, and lower priced sources are found, prices on product pages will be updated within 48 hours (Mon-Fri) after price match is received.. Unless you are already on our newsletters list, we will not send any e-mail to you that are not related to this review.. Step 2/4 : Provide your IMEI & E-Mail. Order the Unlock Code of your Toshiba TS605. When I order an Unlock Code for my Toshiba TS605, what will I receive?. With all Toshiba TS605 Unlocking Code orders we usually deliver a complete set of unlocking codes. Most of the time you just need the Network Code (NCK) but when needed you'll also receive Unfreeze Code, Reset Key, or Service Provide Code. In the same email that includes your unlock code(s), you will also receive complete instructions on how to use it. Usually, you just insert the SIM card in the phone you want to use and the phone will prompt you for the unlock code. In case you need any assistance, our customer support is always there to answer any questions you might have. We will get back to you within less than 12 Hours from Monday to Friday.. Please select the Network your TS605 is locked to:. Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa (Islands) Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman (Islands) Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo (Democratic Republic of) Cook (Islands) Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji (Islands) Finland France French Guyana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada (Island) Guadeloupe Guam (Island) Guatemala Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Moldova Monaco Mongolia Monténégro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Reunion (Island) Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Lucia Saint-Barthélemy Saint-Kitts and Nevis Saint-Pierre and Miquelon Saint-Vincent Samoa (Islands) San Marino San Marteen (French Part) Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles (Islands) Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks And Caicos (Islands) Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States - USA Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe. I don't know the name and country of the original network provider. I accept the Terms & Conditions. Important: Select the Current Network your Toshiba TS605 is Locked to. Do NOT select the network you want to use.. 1 - Switch ON your phone with a not Accepted SIM Card, 2 - Enter the Unlock Code we send to you. Insert Non Vodafone SIM into the handset and power on. The display will show Enter Network Unlock Code. Enter **00012* then 47369761 followed by #, then press the centre menu key. The display will now show Done. Switch the phone off and on. The phone will now be unlocked. Any suggestion? Want to help us improve our Guideline to unlock Toshiba TS605 ? or those are not accurate ? Please contact us. UnlockBase is an incorporated company, we've been unlocking cell phones for 7 years now and strives to provide the best service for our clientele.. All products, and company names, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed are registered® and/or unregistered trademarks™ of their respective owners. UnlockBase is not associated with or sponsored by Toshiba. The authors of this web site are not sponsored by or affiliated with any of the third-party trade mark or third-party registered trade mark owners, and make no representations about them, their owners, their products or services.. Rated 4.9 out of 5 from 9201 reviews. I give 4 stars because they send me several code instead of 1 code it's very annoying because I have to try several codes before I get one works other provider only provide one code.. I had a problem but they resolved it quickly. I recommend this website to anybody who wants their phone unlocked. Once again thank you and I have been using this website for over six years. Very simple process which worked first time - received codes within 3 days. Телефон разблокировали очень быстро сервисом очень доволен хотя и чуть-чуть дороговато. UB Software Limited - 156 Shirley Street & Mount Royal Avenue - Nassau – The Bahamas. Registration Number 1784454 - Copyrighted by Copyright Deposit - Monitored by CopyScape - DO NOT COPY. 
Jazz Zong Ufone Telenor. FREE WhatsApp Packages for Zong, Telenor, Warid, Ufone & Jazz (Complete Details 2018). PTCL DSL/Wireless Router Login Settings (Complete Details). Qubee Internet Packages, Limited / Unlimited - Complete details (2018). Enjoy PTCL Unlimited 100Mbps Broadband in just Rs. Get your favourite Warid & Jazz Golden number now (Guide). What is Jazz BIMA Awareness Campaign (Overview). Mobilink / Jazz introduces Jazz Make Your Own Bundle Offer. Catch your Favourite PSL 2018 Cricket Season with Jazz Cricket App. Mobilink / Jazz 4G Wifi & Wingle MBB Devices Price / Packages (Complete Details) 2018. Know who is calling you? Warid / Jazz launches Jazz Caller Name. Ufone ALL IN ONE Offers (Daily Pakistan Offer, Weekly Pakistan Offer, Monthly Pakistan Offer). Ufone Power Hour, Asli Chappar Phaar & Samsung Bundle ALL IN ONE Offers. Ufone Super Card Family Offers & How to Subscribe (Complete Details). Ufone Free 3G Unlimited Internet Tricks (2018). Ufone Postpay Super Load Offer in just Rs. Zong Voice & Hybrid Bundles 2018 (Complete Details). Zong SIM Lagao Offer 2018 - FREE 3000 MB Internet / 3000 Minutes & 3000 SMS. Zong introduces Zong Combo Pack, Zong Super Student Voice & Hybrid Bundle Offers. Zong 4G MBB Packages (Complete Details). Get More Volume with Zong MBB Monthly Package (Complete Details). Enjoy 10% Discount on Telenor Packages with Easypaisa!. Get 500 MB 4G Internet, Rs. 75 Balance for All Networks with Telenor 4G ALL IN ONE OFFER. How to check Telenor Number / SIM Code without Balance (2018). Telenor 4G 3 Day Bundle Offers 200MB Internet + 200MB FREE for Facebook in just Rs. Telenor Mehran Internet Offer provides 3000 MB internet in just Rs. Read More > < Read Less. Read More > < Read Less. Toshiba TS605 is an smartphone announced by Toshiba in 2006, December. It’s a [3G/4G] supported, Mini-SIM phone which comes in 1.93 inches (~22.1% screen-to-body ratio) and 113 x 47 x 10.3 mm (4.45 x 1.85 x 0.41 in) with 176 x 220 pixels (~146 ppi pixel density) and TFT, 256K colors .. Some other notable features of Toshiba TS605 are Sensors. Toshiba TS605 Built in running OS is and it’s powered with while internal/external memory of the phone stands at 5.5 MB (some GBs will be consumed by pre installed Apps and OS so available space would be less than stated memory) however user can upgrade internal memory by inserting into the device. When comes to the camera, Toshiba TS605 features 1.3 MP on the back with options whereas the front selfie camera is No. Battery of the phone is Removable Li-Ion battery. Toshiba TS605 comes in various colors like Pink, Green, Champagne, Copper, Silver, Aubergine. You can find here detailed Toshiba TS605 specification following with video reviews, Classified Ads and price in Pakistan from online and offline stores. You can also explore the user’s review tab to get an idea about the opinions of other users of this Model while we also encourage you to give your valuable review of the model if you have own experience of using Toshiba TS605 for other members.. GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900. 113 x 47 x 10.3 mm (4.45 x 1.85 x 0.41 in). 176 x 220 pixels (~146 ppi pixel density). Vibration; Downloadable polyphonic, MP3 ringtones, composer. Up to 2 h 30 min. Pink, Green, Champagne, Copper, Silver, Aubergine. Pros & Cons of Toshiba TS605. Front camera Front Camera enables you to take your own photos and do videocalling (on supported devices). Card Slot Memory cards give your device more storage capacity. So you can store more data such as songs, photos and videos.. Single Sim You wont be able to use two sims at the same time in one cellphone. Small Screen Size Small screen sizes makes it hard to enjoy watching movies or reading. Less storage means you can not keep more data and cann't install more or heavy apps (MB's). Less RAM means you can't run multiple functions at the same time with smooth speed. Camera Not suitable for taking high resolution photos. Less battery time means that you would have to plugin. Not having a 4G , is a big disadvantage in these days if you prefer to stay connected on the go. 3G Not having a 3G, is a big disadvantage in these days if you prefer to stay connected on the go.. © 2018 CELLS.PK All rights reserved. 
Innovative Accessories for More than 3,600 Devices. View All Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Accessories. Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Image. New customer? Create an Account. There are no items in your cart. At BoxWave, we strive for 100% customer satisfaction and consistently seek to improve our products and service. Due to the faith we have in all of our products, we offer the following customer satisfaction guarantee:. 30-Day Money Back Return Policy: Products purchased directly from BoxWave Corporation are eligible. for our 30-day money back return policy. Products may be returned for either a replacement or refund. within 30 days of the delivery date. Prior to returning the item(s), an RMA must be obtained from. This RMA number must be present on the outside of the returned package.. Returns sent in without an RMA may be ineligible for a refund or exchange.. To receive a full purchase price refund or exchange, the returned product must be determined by. BoxWave Corporation to be in restockable condition. For a product to be considered restockable, it. must be in its original packaging and all parts and accessories must be in clean, unused, and undamaged. The returned package must also include a valid RMA number as issued by BoxWave. If the returned package does not meet the above requirements, a restocking fee of up to 25% may. This fee will be determined based on the condition of the returned item(s). restocking fee has been applied, a refund or exchange may be granted for the balance of the purchase. Shipping and handling charges will only be refunded if a return is a result of (a)manufacturer defect. or failure; (b)damage in transit; (c)mis-shipment; or (d)falsely advertised products as determined by. The reason should be noted when the RMA request is made, and must be. The following are exceptions to the general return policy and have specific return policy rules:. ClearTouch products cannot be returned if the plastic backing sheets have been removed or re-attached at any time. Software purchases are not returnable or refundable. Any "Final Sale" products noted as “No exchanges or returns on this item” are not returnable, refundable, or exchangeable. Please note that all item returns are final. By returning an item (or items) back to us, you are agreeing. to the return policy terms and conditions listed above.. 100-Day Warranty: All products purchased directly from BoxWave Corporation are covered by a 100-. day warranty against any manufacturer defects or failures. We will be glad to set up an exchange for. a replacement item within 100 days of the invoice date. Please submit the request via our Email Form. with a detailed description of the manufacturer defects or failures of the product(s) received.. © 2002-2018 BoxWave Corporation or its affiliates. Find out when new products are released, or when we have a sale!. 
...and the selected country code will be updated here. ...and the selected country code will be updated here. Unlock Toshiba TS605 to use any network worldwide. Use any compatible SIM card with. All unlock services come with a full. No specialist cables or software is. No solution can be found for your TS605 to be unlocked We unfortunatly can not help you out this time. Please try again in a few days. Please provide network that TS605 is CURRENTLY locked to. This is the network that the phone works with NOW. NOT the network you intend to use later.. We're really sorry but we currently do not have a solution at the current time to. Enter your email address below and we'll contact you as soon as this service becomes. Please enter the IMEI code correctly. The code should be 15 digits long, if your code. longer just input the first 15 digits.. To retreive the IMEI from your mobile phone, simply type the following code into your. using the keypad as if you were making a call:. We unlock smartphones, phones and tablets. If your Toshiba TS605 is not accepting the SIM card. of a rival network, we can help you to remove this restriction without you having to send the device to us.. We help to unlock phones and tablets with a variety of specialist unlocking services which are all provided. remotely and are all very easy to perform.. It's as easy as 1-2-3!. 1 Unlock Mobiles - Made so simple.. We aim to make the entire process of unlocking your Toshiba TS605 totally stress. We provide a simple solution to unlock any Toshiba TS605 phone. is guaranteed to be a permanent unlock forever and will be unaffected by any future software. You will not need any special cables or additional software to hand either. a number into your TS605 phone and can follow our basic instructions, you will have. phone unlocked in no time at all.. To order your Toshiba TS605 unlock, simply complete the order form above.. Sometimes you will need to provide the current network provider as prices may vary across. Once provided, you will be shown an accurate and up to date quote and delivery. time to unlock your TS605 to allow use on other networks.. If you are happy with the quote presented to unlock your Toshiba TS605, continue as. You will need to provide the IMEI (Unique Serial Number) of your phone to. complete your order and then proceed to checkout and pay.. Once your order is paid for and complete, you will receive an order confirmation via e-mail. which also contains detailed information on what happens next.. Once your Toshiba TS605 unlock service is ready for collection, you will be sent another. You will need to log back in to our customer control panel to access. your unlock service and detailed unlock instructions. 24-7 in the event that you encounter a problem.. You can also login to our control panel at any time to check on the status of an order.. Ricardo Wallace HTC 10 - EE. fantastic service had my code with in 5 mins - 5 stars. Dan White LG Spree - Cricket Communications. Worked great! Second code unlocked my LG Cricket.. Lori Delzer LG D415 - T-Mobile. Service was quick and fairly easy to use. I had to go in to the settings to find out where to put the unlock code... Cristian Bordei LG K8 - Orange. The phone works very good now.. Colin Brunger Samsung Galaxy S6 EDGE - EE. It took 2 days plus the weekend to give me the unlock code, but, it then worked so easy, very pleased. Dalpat Lad LG K4 - EE. Ian Parris LG A133 - O2. Insufficient instructions included, however, it did what it said on the tin, phone now unlocked after i googled How To.. Kenneth Peterson Samsung SM-G920F - EE. Well done lads and thank you. Amy Wilson LG G4 - EE. Nicholas Odonnell Samsung Galaxy J5 - 3. finally figured out my mistake, your codes were bang on thank you!. We have reviews from customers all over Ireland and the rest of the world. The ability to unlock the Toshiba TS605 is just one of the many unlocking services we offer for. tablets in Ireland and across the rest of the world.. Unlocking Online has been providing unlock services for phones and tablets since its inception in 2003 when we. first offered customers the opportunity to unlock first generation phones by code from the comfort of. We were one of the global pioneers of phone unlocking online. All of our services have always been provided with a full money back. Popular: Unlock by mobile phone make. ZTE Maven 3 locked to. HTC One M9 locked to. HTC One Remix locked to. © 2018 Unlocking Online, all rights reserved.. 
Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code. Your Toshiba TS605 is simple to unlock. By purchasing an unlock code with us you can be free of operator imposed restrictions as easy as entering digits into your handset You will achieve a the ability to utilize any SIM card from any carrier. Unlocking your Toshiba TS605 enables you to utilize the SIM car of your choice and that permits you to take full advantage of using favorable rates from rival carriers. As with all our offers at Unlocking.com the unlocking of a Toshiba TS605 is 100% guaranteed. We promise that your mobile phone will be unlocked or you get your money back. We also guarantee that your handset will incur no damage during the unlock process.. When traveling out of country, you can buy and use SIM cards from there allowing you to use the local networks. If you decide to unlock your Toshiba TS605 it will be more desirable should you decide to sell it. It isn't difficult to unlock a Toshiba TS605 mobile phone by typing an unlock code.. from 3434 Ratings & Reviews. Provide us details about your handset.. We generate your unlock code and email you the code.. Once you enter the code in to your handset it will be unlocked.. Unlocking your handset will not void the warranty. Will my phone be unlocked permanently?. Once you have unlocked your handset the phone will remain unlocked. Can my phone be damaged from unlocking?. All our codes are genuine codes sourced either directly from the manufacturer or through an approved service center. You just need to provide us a few details about your phone and we'll give you a number to dial in to the phone.. Copyright © 2002 - 2018 UB Software Ltd.. 
Home News Phones Forums Search Login. Toshiba TS605 Details Phones Toshiba 20 February 2007 Hits: 5011 Untitled Document JavaScript is currently disabled. Please enable it for a better experience of Jumi. 66mobile.com Mobile Themes JavaScript is currently disabled. Please enable it for a better experience of Jumi. GSM 900 / GSM 1800 / GSM 1900 2006, December Status: Available Dimensions: 113 x 47 x 10.3 mm Weight: 79 g Type: TFT, 256K colors Size: 176 x 220 pixels, 1.93 inches Type: Polyphonic (40 channels), MP3 Customiz.: download Vibration: Yes Phonebook: Yes Call records: 20 dialed, 20 received, 20 missed calls Card slot: microSD (TransFlash) - 5.5 MB internal memory OS: - GPRS: Class 10 (4+1/3+2 slots), 32 - 48 kbps 3G Yes, 384 kbps WLAN: No HSCSD: No EDGE: No Bluetooth: Yes, v1.2 Infrared: No USB: Yes, v1.1 Messaging: SMS, EMS, MMS, Email Browser: WAP 2.0/xHTML, WSP Games: Yes, download now Colors: Pink, Green, Champagne, Copper, Silver, Aubergine Camera: 1.3 MP , 1280 x 1024 pixels, video(CIF), put your photo on your mobile - Java MIDP 2.0 - FM radio - MP3/ACC+ player - T9 - Photo album - Photo editor - Voice memo - Calculator - Calendar Standard battery, Li-Ion Stand-by: Up to 150 h Talk time: Up to 2 h 30 min. Design: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). Camera: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). Battery: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). Sound: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). OS: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). Price/quality: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). Prev Next. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 5.00 (1 Vote). Download ringtones, wallpapers, screensavers, true tones, java games ,flash games, videos, themes for Toshiba TS605. Home News Phones Forums Search Login. General 0 posts 0 subcategories. Android 9 posts 6 subcategories. Android Apps 2 posts 0 subcategories. Android Games 0 posts 0 subcategories. Android Themes 2 posts 0 subcategories. Android Live Wallpapers 5 posts 0 subcategories. Android Firmware 0 posts 0 subcategories. Requests 0 posts 0 subcategories. Media 223 posts 2 subcategories. Wallpapers 0 posts 0 subcategories. Sound Of Legend - Infinity - Ringtone. Posted on Tuesday, 16 May 2017. Katy Perry - Bon Appétit - Ringtone. Posted on Tuesday, 16 May 2017. DJ Khaled, justin bieber - I'm the one - Ringtone. Posted on Tuesday, 16 May 2017. Shawn Mendes - Theres Nothing Holdin Me Back - Rin. Posted on Tuesday, 16 May 2017. Imagine Dragons - Thunder - Ringtone. Posted on Tuesday, 16 May 2017. Hannah Grace - Praise You - Ringtone. Posted on Tuesday, 16 May 2017. Privacy Policy Bootstrap is a front-end framework of Twitter, Inc. Code licensed under MIT License. Font Awesome font licensed under SIL OFL 1.1 .. In order to provide you with the best online experience this website uses cookies.. By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies. Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Internet Explorer Safari Opera. In general, you can visit this website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Submission of personal information is not required in order to browse the website.. 66mobile.com, as well as most sites on the Internet, uses "cookies" to enhance your experience on the web. 66mobile.com cannot use these cookies to personally identify you in any way. Our web servers also seek (as many websites do) to place a "cookie" (a small data file) on your computer's hard drive which allows the server to determine the computer when it visits again, in order to track statistical information about navigation to and throughout certain areas of our site. This cookie is not used to obtain your name or any personal data, and the information that is tracked is used only for internal purposes, such as to improve site navigation and to measure the effectiveness of our promotional placements, and is not shared with anyone. However, if you prefer not to accept cookies, you can set your browser to reject them or to alert you before one is placed.. We do not collect personal information about you on this Site apart from information which you volunteer, for example by becoming a member (free). The information collected may include the following:. - Your name and your email address. To ensure that users email addresses will not get in any bulk mail lists or newsletters, our sistem modify the addresses so any email collecting scripts will not be able to gather them.. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here .. Information obtained from the analysis of server logs (IP address and domain) is used exclusively for statistical purposes and for the purpose of administering the server of 66mobile.com. We can not guarantee that the informations found on this Website are 100% correct. We are making a great effort to ensure that the information on this site is as accurate as possible.. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites, even if you access them using links from this Site. We strongly recommend that you check the policy of each site you visit and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions. In addition, if you linked to this Site from a third party site, we are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners or operators of that third party site. We strongly recommend that you check the policy of that third party site and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions.. 
Home News Phones Forums Search Login. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). Nokia | Sony Ericsson | Samsung | Motorola | LG | Apple | HTC | BlackBerry Google | Microsoft | HP | Asus | Gigabyte | Dell | Alcatel | Philips | Sagem Toshiba | BenQ | Innostream | NEC | | Acer | Neonode | O2 | Palm | Panasonic Pantech | Sendo | Sharp | Siemens | i-mate | BenQ-Siemens | Qtek. Toshiba TG01 Details Phones Toshiba 10 February 2009 Hits: 3980. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 2.33 (3 Votes). Read more: Toshiba TG01 1 comment. Toshiba Portege G810 Details Phones Toshiba 13 May 2008 Hits: 5206. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). Read more: Toshiba Portege G810 1 comment. Toshiba Portégé G910 / 920 Details Phones Toshiba 08 February 2008 Hits: 4596. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). Read more: Toshiba Portégé G910 / 920 1 comment. Toshiba G450 Details Phones Toshiba 08 February 2008 Hits: 4397. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 4.00 (1 Vote). Read more: Toshiba G450 Add new comment. Toshiba Portege G710 Details Phones Toshiba 08 February 2008 Hits: 3006. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 1.00 (1 Vote). Read more: Toshiba Portege G710 Add new comment. Toshiba G900 Details Phones Toshiba 20 February 2007 Hits: 6472. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 5.00 (1 Vote). Read more: Toshiba G900 1 comment. Toshiba G500 Details Phones Toshiba 20 February 2007 Hits: 6088. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). Read more: Toshiba G500 1 comment. Toshiba TS605 Details Phones Toshiba 20 February 2007 Hits: 5011. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 5.00 (1 Vote). Read more: Toshiba TS605 Add new comment. Toshiba TX80 Details Phones Toshiba 20 February 2007 Hits: 3188. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). Read more: Toshiba TX80 1 comment. Toshiba TS32 Details Phones Toshiba 20 February 2007 Hits: 2973. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). Read more: Toshiba TS32 Add new comment. Toshiba TS705 Details Phones Toshiba 20 February 2007 Hits: 7015. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 5.00 (2 Votes). Read more: Toshiba TS705 1 comment. Toshiba TS608 Details Phones Toshiba 20 February 2007 Hits: 4067. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). Read more: Toshiba TS608 1 comment. Toshiba TX62 Details Phones Toshiba 20 February 2007 Hits: 3100. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). Read more: Toshiba TX62 Add new comment. Toshiba 904T Details Phones Toshiba 20 February 2007 Hits: 2800. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). Read more: Toshiba 904T Add new comment. Toshiba 903T Details Phones Toshiba 20 February 2007 Hits: 4691. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). Read more: Toshiba 903T 1 comment. Toshiba 705T Details Phones Toshiba 20 February 2007 Hits: 2745. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 5.00 (1 Vote). Read more: Toshiba 705T Add new comment. Toshiba TS921 Details Phones Toshiba 20 February 2007 Hits: 2850. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). Read more: Toshiba TS921 Add new comment. Toshiba TS808 Details Phones Toshiba 20 February 2007 Hits: 2817. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 2.00 (1 Vote). Read more: Toshiba TS808 Add new comment. Toshiba TS803 Details Phones Toshiba 20 February 2007 Hits: 3166. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 0.00 (0 Votes). Read more: Toshiba TS803 1 comment. Toshiba TS10 Details Phones Toshiba 20 February 2007 Hits: 3375. 1 1 1 1 1 Rating 5.00 (1 Vote). Read more: Toshiba TS10 Add new comment. Home News Phones Forums Search Login. General 0 posts 0 subcategories. Android 9 posts 6 subcategories. Android Apps 2 posts 0 subcategories. Android Games 0 posts 0 subcategories. Android Themes 2 posts 0 subcategories. Android Live Wallpapers 5 posts 0 subcategories. Android Firmware 0 posts 0 subcategories. Requests 0 posts 0 subcategories. Media 223 posts 2 subcategories. Wallpapers 0 posts 0 subcategories. Sound Of Legend - Infinity - Ringtone. Posted on Tuesday, 16 May 2017. Katy Perry - Bon Appétit - Ringtone. Posted on Tuesday, 16 May 2017. DJ Khaled, justin bieber - I'm the one - Ringtone. Posted on Tuesday, 16 May 2017. Shawn Mendes - Theres Nothing Holdin Me Back - Rin. Posted on Tuesday, 16 May 2017. Imagine Dragons - Thunder - Ringtone. Posted on Tuesday, 16 May 2017. Hannah Grace - Praise You - Ringtone. Posted on Tuesday, 16 May 2017. Privacy Policy Bootstrap is a front-end framework of Twitter, Inc. Code licensed under MIT License. Font Awesome font licensed under SIL OFL 1.1 .. In order to provide you with the best online experience this website uses cookies.. By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies. Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Internet Explorer Safari Opera. In general, you can visit this website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Submission of personal information is not required in order to browse the website.. 66mobile.com, as well as most sites on the Internet, uses "cookies" to enhance your experience on the web. 66mobile.com cannot use these cookies to personally identify you in any way. Our web servers also seek (as many websites do) to place a "cookie" (a small data file) on your computer's hard drive which allows the server to determine the computer when it visits again, in order to track statistical information about navigation to and throughout certain areas of our site. This cookie is not used to obtain your name or any personal data, and the information that is tracked is used only for internal purposes, such as to improve site navigation and to measure the effectiveness of our promotional placements, and is not shared with anyone. However, if you prefer not to accept cookies, you can set your browser to reject them or to alert you before one is placed.. We do not collect personal information about you on this Site apart from information which you volunteer, for example by becoming a member (free). The information collected may include the following:. - Your name and your email address. To ensure that users email addresses will not get in any bulk mail lists or newsletters, our sistem modify the addresses so any email collecting scripts will not be able to gather them.. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here .. Information obtained from the analysis of server logs (IP address and domain) is used exclusively for statistical purposes and for the purpose of administering the server of 66mobile.com. We can not guarantee that the informations found on this Website are 100% correct. We are making a great effort to ensure that the information on this site is as accurate as possible.. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites, even if you access them using links from this Site. We strongly recommend that you check the policy of each site you visit and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions. In addition, if you linked to this Site from a third party site, we are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners or operators of that third party site. We strongly recommend that you check the policy of that third party site and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions.. 
Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software. Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code (Change Model). Locked To: France - Bouygues Telecom (Not your network?). France - Bouygues Telecom (Not your network?). Unlocking your Toshiba TS605 has never been easier! That's right - you're FREE, your unlocked handset will accept any SIM card from ANY provider worldwide! You're just 30 seconds away from freedom. Our Toshiba TS605 unlocking process is safe and 100% money-back guaranteed. Your Toshiba TS605 will not be damaged in any way through this process. So how do you unlock your Toshiba TS605? It's as easy as texting a friend! We'll provide you step-by-step instructions on how to unlock your handset, as well as an unlock code straight from the manufacturer. To GET STARTED : Select the original carrier of your Toshiba TS605 from the list below to start unlocking your phone.. Dial *#06# Insert the IMEI --> Press ADD TO CART. Simply provide us your Toshiba TS605s IMEI (which can be found by typing *#06# into your phone), during check out. After order placement, the Unlock CODES together with easy to follow instructions guides will be sent to your email address within the time frame given. Follow the unlocking instructions provided by UnlockallCellular.com and easily dial in the supplied Unlock CODE for your mobile and start using your France - Bouygues Telecom Toshiba TS605 with any SIM Card. Save a fortune abroad, by using cheap local SIM Cards rather than expensive roaming tariffs. As usually subsidize the cost of the phone, by unlocking it you are increasing the resale value of your Toshiba TS605 by up to 300%. Use your work and personal SIM Card in your unlocked France - Bouygues Telecom Toshiba TS605 - no need to carry two phones again. Get the best value tariffs by swapping SIM Cards to take advantage of the latest offers. You never send your phone to anybody. You receive the instructions within hours; unlocking itself takes 1-3 minutes. No opening your Toshiba TS605 and risk of damage to your device. Very easy, no technical experience necessary. No complicated software or hardware just enters code, and your France - Bouygues Telecom Toshiba TS605 is PERMANENTLY unlocked. Is safe and does not void cell France - Bouygues Telecom Toshiba TS605's warranty. It works for the life of your Toshiba TS605.. Does your Toshiba TS605 work only with France - Bouygues Telecom or, when you insert a SIM Card from another service provider, do you see any of the following messages?. If so, your France - Bouygues Telecom Toshiba TS605 is LOCKED and we can help you remove this lock on your Toshiba TS605 in a few simple steps, allowing you to use your phone on any GSM wireless network on any GSM wireless network anywhere in the world.. You will not have to mail in your France - Bouygues Telecom Toshiba TS605. No technical knowledge required at all. Simply provide us your Toshiba TS605s IMEI number and we do all the rest.. Reasons to remote unlock your cell phone. All our Unlock CODES are 100% genuine and guaranteed, if for any reason your unlock codes are not found in our database then we will issue a full refund.. Countries Networks Australia Vodafone United States Verizon, AT&T / Cingular, Sprint, T, Metro PCS Canada Rogers Wireless, Bell / Telus France Bouygues Telecom, Orange United Kingdom Vodafone Metro PCS Device Unlock APP T Mobile. Need help? Contact our Support Team. We are open 24/7 and we'll do our best to get back to you with an answer within 12 hours.. 
Home Brands Top List Feature List Contact Compare Phones. SORT RESULTS BY DATE NAME PRICE. Toshiba TS605 Discontinued Dimension 113x47x10.3mm (4.45x1.85x0.41") Weight 79gr (2.79oz) Form Factor Candy Bar Material Colors Metal Frame Display Resolution 176x220px Display Size 31x39mm (1.22x1.54") ~146PPI Display Diagonal 1.93" Display Type 256K TFT Secondary Display Resolution Input Navigation Joystick / Button Numeric Keypad Talk Time 2 hours, 30 minutes Standby Time 6 days, 6 hours OS Java MIDP 2.0 Vibration Available Ringtone Polyphonic Chipset Processor GPU Ram Internal Memory 10MB External Memory microSD Camera Resolution 1.3 Megapixel Camera Flash Camera Lens Optical Zoom Front Camera Second Front Camera Front Camera Flash Other Functionalities Speaker Mono Battery Capacity 800mAh Battery Type WIMAX WiFi UPnP NFC USB v1.1 Bluetooth v1.2 Positioning System TV Receiver TV Out Audio Output Radio FM Ethernet Infrared Network Compatibility GSM 1800, 1900, 900 SIM Cards Mini PTT HSCSD GPRS Class 10 EDGE AMPS CDMA2000 1xEV-DO Price Range -. Toshiba TS605 vs Sony Ericsson W700. FIND / COMPARE PHONES BRANDS Apple HTC LG Motorola Nokia Samsung Sony All Brands TOP LISTS Fastest CPU Slimmest Cell Phones More OTHER SECTIONS Feature List. We cannot guarantee the validity of information found here. Global United States United Kingdom India Türkish Arabic Spanish Portuguese Tablet Website. 
Database For Comparing Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) Values /. Display : TFT, 256K colors, 176 x 220 pixels, 1.93 inches. Camera : 1.3 MP, 1280 x 1024 pixels. USA Legal Limit is 1.6 W/kg - FCC SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue.. SAR Levels for AT&T Toshiba Ts605. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For ATT Model Toshiba Ts605. For any AT&T smartphone to be sold in the USA - SAR levels must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba AT&T model Toshiba Ts605 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). SAR Levels for Verizon Toshiba Ts605. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For Verizon Model Toshiba Ts605. For any Verizon smartphone to be sold in the USA - SAR levels must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba Verizon model Toshiba Ts605 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). SAR Levels for Sprint Toshiba Ts605. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For Sprint Model Toshiba Ts605. For any Sprint Smartphones to be sold in the USA - SAR levels (RF Radiation) must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba Sprint model Toshiba Ts605 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). SAR Levels for TMobile Toshiba Ts605. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For TMobile Model Toshiba Ts605. For any TMobile cell phones to be sold in the USA - SAR levels (RFR Radiation) must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba TMobile model Toshiba Ts605 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). SAR Levels for Vodafone Toshiba Ts605. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For Vodafone Model Toshiba Ts605. For any Vodafone cellphones to be sold in the USA - SAR levels (RFR Radiation Exposure) must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba Vodafone model Toshiba Ts605 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For U.S. Cellular Smartphone to be sold in the USA - SAR levels must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba U.S. Cellular model Toshiba Ts605 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). European Legal Limit is 2.0 W/kg - EU SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over TEN grams of simulated biological tissue.. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. 113 x 47 x 10.3 mm. Pink, Green, Champagne, Copper, Silver, Aubergine. GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). 176 x 220 pixels, 1.93 inches. Vibration; Downloadable polyphonic, MP3 ringtones, composer. Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. 1.3 MP, 1280 x 1024 pixels. Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol. Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Standby Time is the total amount of time that you can leave your is fully charged, turned on and ready to send and receive calls or data transmissions before completely discharging the battery. Talk Time is the longest time that a single battery charge will last when you are constantly talking on the phone under perfect conditions, Ambient temperature and highly dependent on the cellular network environment such as the distance to the closest cell network tower.. Up to 2 h 30 min. USA Legal Limit is 1.6 W/kg - FCC SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue.. SAR AT&T Model FCC Approval Date. SAR AT&T Model FCC Report Link. SAR AT&T Model US SAR Ratings. SAR AT&T Model Head SAR Level. SAR AT&T Model Body SAR Level. SAR AT&T Model Product Specific Use. SAR AT&T Model Simultaneous Head SAR. SAR AT&T Model Simultaneous Body SAR. SAR Levels for AT&T Toshiba Ts605. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For ATT Model Toshiba Ts605. For any AT&T smartphone to be sold in the USA - SAR levels must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba AT&T model Toshiba Ts605 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). SAR Verizon Model Model Variant Number. SAR Verizon Model FCC Approval Date. SAR Verizon Model FCC Report Link. SAR Verizon Model US SAR Ratings. SAR Verizon Model Head SAR Level. SAR Verizon Model Body SAR Level. SAR Verizon Model Product Specific Use. SAR Verizon Model Simultaneous Head SAR. SAR Verizon Model Simultaneous Body SAR. SAR Levels for Verizon Toshiba Ts605. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For Verizon Model Toshiba Ts605. For any Verizon smartphone to be sold in the USA - SAR levels must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba Verizon model Toshiba Ts605 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). SAR Sprint Model Model Variant Number. SAR Sprint Model FCC Approval Date. SAR Sprint Model FCC Report Link. SAR Sprint Model US SAR Ratings. SAR Sprint Model Head SAR Level. SAR Sprint Model Body SAR Level. SAR Sprint Model Product Specific Use. SAR Sprint Model Simultaneous Head SAR. SAR Sprint Model Simultaneous Body SAR. SAR Levels for Sprint Toshiba Ts605. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For Sprint Model Toshiba Ts605. For any Sprint Smartphones to be sold in the USA - SAR levels (RF Radiation) must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba Sprint model Toshiba Ts605 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). SAR T-Mobile Model Model Variant Number. SAR T-Mobile Model FCC Approval Date. SAR T-Mobile Model FCC Report Link. SAR T-Mobile Model US SAR Ratings. SAR T-Mobile Model Head SAR Level. SAR T-Mobile Model Body SAR Level. SAR T-Mobile Model Product Specific Use. SAR T-Mobile Model Simultaneous Head SAR. SAR T-Mobile Model Simultaneous Body SAR. SAR Levels for TMobile Toshiba Ts605. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For TMobile Model Toshiba Ts605. For any TMobile cell phones to be sold in the USA - SAR levels (RFR Radiation) must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba TMobile model Toshiba Ts605 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). SAR Vodafone Model Model Variant Number. SAR Vodafone Model FCC Approval Date. SAR Vodafone Model FCC Report Link. SAR Vodafone Model US SAR Ratings. SAR Vodafone Model Head SAR Level. SAR Vodafone Model Body SAR Level. SAR Vodafone Model Product Specific Use. SAR Vodafone Model Simultaneous Head SAR. SAR Vodafone Model Simultaneous Body SAR. SAR Levels for Vodafone Toshiba Ts605. Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For Vodafone Model Toshiba Ts605. For any Vodafone cellphones to be sold in the USA - SAR levels (RFR Radiation Exposure) must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba Vodafone model Toshiba Ts605 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). Enter FCCID (first three characters - Grantee Code) with (Remaining characters - Product Code). Link To FCC SAR Test Information For U.S. Cellular Smartphone to be sold in the USA - SAR levels must not exceed 1.6 W/kg - FCC Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) values for the Toshiba U.S. Cellular model Toshiba Ts605 was measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue. It is a well known FACT SAR testing was not designed for protecting women or children from potentially very harmful microwave radiation exposure. Also SAR Test do not take into consideration health effects below thermal levels. mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). mesured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg). EU SAR Level Head SAR Level. EU SAR Level Body SAR Level. EU SAR Level Simultaneous Head SAR. EU SAR Level Simultaneous Body SAR. European Legal Limit is 2.0 W/kg - EU SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over TEN grams of simulated biological tissue.. Sorry, reviews are closed for this product.. Compare SAR Levels for Toshiba. Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge SAR Rating. The FCC Standard: Is the SAR Standard Rating Safe Enough?. CNET Releases Top 5 Most Dangerous SAR Levels. POPULAR CATEGORY SAR ratings 30 Samsung SAR 15 Dangerous SAR levels 8 Devices with least safe SAR levels 7 Apple SAR 6 Safe SAR levels 5 HTC SAR 5. 
Find thousands of the best Android games - free download for Toshiba TS605. Huge collection of mobile content, daily updates. Get full versions of free Android games for Toshiba TS605 right now!. Download free Android games for Toshiba TS605. Action Adventure Arcade Board Fighting Gambling Logic Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy. Coming soon Economic Multiplayer (Bluetooth) Online Shooter. At Mob.org you can find any free mobile content - wallpapers, games, ringtones, themes. Here you can download free android games for TS605. Every day we add new top games, so you surely will find something cool and interesting for yourself. Please, select any genre on the left or follow the link below to download Android games for Toshiba TS605. Get any mobile game for Toshiba TS605 totally free with no limits!. To view all compatible games for Toshiba TS605, click the button:. Download free 176x220 games for Toshiba TS605. Clash of crime: Mad San Andreas. Please, select version of your platform. Why do I need to select the version of my platform?. To select compatible games for your device, we need to know the version of your platform.. How to find out the version of my platform?. Get any free Toshiba TS605 game right now!. Toshiba produces excellent phones and among them - Toshiba TS605. Android games will surely bring you hours of pleasure: big screen and powerful processor really do the trick. Enjoy beautiful 3D graphics on your bright high resolution screen! All content is categorized by features and genres so you can easily find the best one. For convenience you can download free Toshiba TS605 games using QR code or WAP.. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Toshiba Manuals Cell Phone TS705 User manual Toshiba TS705 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba TS605 Technical & Service Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba TX80 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba TG01 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba regza T004 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba TM5-E01 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba T-01B User Manual. Cell Phone TOSHIBA TS10 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba A5517T Basic Manual. Toshiba cell phone user manual (145 pages). Cell Phone Toshiba Regza ISO4 Basic Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba G500 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba SG4-E01 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba PORTEGE G910 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba Portege G710 User Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba 2032SP Online User's Manual. Cell Phone Toshiba W65T Basic Manual. Toshiba regza is series mobile phone basic manual (80 pages). Toshiba cell phone user manual (123 pages). Toshiba cell phone user guide (140 pages). Summary of Contents for Toshiba TS705. Page 13: Before Using Your Toshiba Ts705 Phone. Page 15: Safety Instructions, Care And Maintenance. Page 16: Fcc Notice, Information To User. Page 18: Phone Layout And Functions. Page 23: Installing The Sim Card, Battery And Microsd. Page 25: Charging The Battery, Switching The Power On And Off. Page 27: Call Functions, Making A Call. Page 28: Operations During Calls, Call History. Page 31: Contacts, Creating A New Contact. Page 33: Editing Contacts, Adding To Speed Dial, Adding Contacts To Groups, Creating Groups. Page 34: Editing Groups, Creating Sim Contacts, Using The Filter. Page 44: Text Input, Character Input Mode. Page 45: Settings, Phone Profile Settings, Display Settings. Page 47: Call Settings, Security Settings. Page 49: Connectivity Settings, Memory Settings. Page 50: Organiser, Stopwatch, Alarm Clock, Calendar. Page 52: Sound Recorder, Tasks, Unit Converter. Page 56: Media Player, Playing Music. Page 57: Creating A Playlist, Editing A Playlist. Page 59: Playing Videos, Using Bookmarks. Page 60: Camera, Taking A Picture. Page 63: My Files, Folders, Searching Files, License Manager. Page 64: Connectivity, Connecting Your Toshiba. Page 67: Health And Safety, General, Operating Environment. Page 70: Emergency Calls, Fcc Rf Exposure Information. Page 71: European Rf Exposure Information. Toshiba Corporation 5 EU Warranty 8 Call functions 26 Making a call 26 Licenses 9 Operations during calls 27 Before using your Toshiba TS705 Call history 27 phone 12 Video calls 28 Declaration of Conformity 13 Contacts 30 Creating a new contact 30.... Table of contents Checking messages 36 Sound recorder 51 Templates 38 Tasks 51 Message settings 39 Unit converter 51 Voicemail settings 42 World clock 52 Text input 43 Browser 53 Character input mode 43 Bookmarks 54 Browser settings 54 Settings 44 Media player 55 Phone profile settings 44 Display settings 44.... Table of contents Connectivity 63 Connecting your Toshiba phone to a PC Specifications 64 Troubleshooting 65 Health and safety 66 General 66 Operating environment 66 Electronic devices 67 Battery safety 68 Emergency calls 69 FCC RF exposure information 69 European RF exposure information 70.... Network services To use your Toshiba phone you must have service from a wireless service provider. Many of the features in your Toshiba phone depend on features in the wireless network to function. These Network Services may not be available on all networks or you may have to make specific arrangements with your service provider before you can utilise Network Services.. Toshiba Corporation IMPORTANT NOTE: PLEASE READ BEFORE 1. Toshiba grants to you a USING YOUR MOBILE PHONE BY ATTEMPTING personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right to use the Software as set out in this EULA. TO USE ANY SOFTWARE ON THE SUPPLIED.... FULLEST EXTENT LEGALLY PERMITTED, IN warranty period for the Phone, Toshiba, NO EVENT SHALL TOSHIBA, TOSHIBA'S Toshiba's affiliate, its suppliers or its authorized AFFILIATES OR THEIR SUPPLIERS BE service company will repair or replace, at LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES FOR.... BY NEGLIGENCE; OR (B) ANY 8. You agree that certain MANDATORY LEGAL RIGHT OR LIABILITY suppliers of the Software to Toshiba have a right TO THE EXTENT THAT IT CANNOT BE as a third party beneficiary to enforce the terms LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER of this EULA against you as a user.. Toshiba Corporation EU Warranty Your Toshiba phone contains no user serviceable parts. For further information on service please con- tact your retailer or service provider.. Licenses Licensed by QUALCOMM Incorporated under one Pat. or more of the following United States Patents and/ People's Republic of China Pat. or their counterparts in other nations: 98802801.8, 98809472.X and 96196739.0; Mexico Pat. Licenses Bluetooth™ is a trademark of Bluetooth SIG, MPEG Layer-3 audio coding technology licensed Inc.USA. from Fraunhofer IIS and Thomson Multimedia. The microSD™ logo is a trademark. THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE MPEG-4 VISUAL PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL Copyright ©.... Licenses USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.. Before using your Toshiba TS705 phone THIS PRODUCT CONTAINS SOFTWARE WHICH ALLOWS YOU TO TRANSFER SPECIFIED MUSIC DATA STORED ON YOUR PC TO YOUR TOSHIBA TS705. THIS SOFTWARE DOES NOT INCLUDE THE CAPABILITY TO RECORD CDS TO YOUR PC. RECORDING MUSIC FILES CAN BE DONE USING MICROSOFT WINDOWS MEDIA(R) PLAYER BY MICROSOFT CORPORATION OR OTHER SIMILAR SOFTWARE AND APPLICATIONS.. We, Toshiba Information Systems UK (Ltd), Mobile Communications Division, of Toshiba Court, Addlestone Road, Weybridge, KT15 2UL declare under our sole responsibility that this product (Toshiba TS705, Type (Model) Name SF4 - E01) conforms with the following standards and/or other normative documents: 3GPP TS 51.010-1, 3GPP TS 34.121, EN 301 489-1, EN 301 489-7, EN 301-489-24, EN 300 328,.... • If your Toshiba phone, or any of the accessories, the electronic circuits. are not working as they should, please consult • Do not use or store your Toshiba phone in dusty your dealer who can provide you with the or dirty locations as the moving parts of the expert assistance you require.. Safety instructions FCC notice harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC rules. off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct Operation is subject to the following two conditions: the interference by one or more of the following (1) This device may not cause harmful interference,.... Getting started Unpacking Please ensure that the contents of your sales pack includes: • Phone • AC adapter • CD-ROM • Battery pack • USB cable • User guide.... Getting started Phone layout and functions 1. Right and Left Softkey: performs operations indicated on the main display. Clear key: clears characters in text input mode. Press and hold to delete text quickly. End/Power key: turns power on/off, ends calls/ operations and returns to standby mode.. Getting started Display indicators The GSM network signal strength indicator Call forwarding indicator Auto answer is activated The alarm is set Bluetooth connection - inactive visible Bluetooth connection - inactive invisible Bluetooth connection - active visible Bluetooth connection - active invisible Charging The battery charge level - the higher the level, the stronger the charge Downloading data from WAP.... Getting started Display indicators Fax is received GPRS connection Keyguard is activated New or unread SMS or MMS message A file on the microSD card is performing Indicates an ongoing call Indicates an ongoing data call Phone profile - general Phone profile - silent Phone profile - meeting Phone profile - outdoor.... Phone profile - User 2 Indicates that you are in silent mode Indicates you are in an area with roaming when using your Toshiba phone abroad Indicates a connection to a Web page with security protection Indicates you are out of the service provider service area.... Getting started Installing the SIM card, battery and microSD IMPORTANT: The SIM card and microSD memory card are easily damaged by scratching and bending, so be careful when handling. With the back of the phone facing you, slide the WARNING: Keep the SIM card and microSD battery case in the direction of the arrow (1) and memory card out of the reach of small.... TIP: Regularly back up the data in your Toshiba phone to the memory card. To remove, gently press the edge of the microSD card and slide out in the direction of.... You need to fully charge the battery before you can warning tone sounds and the Battery Low message switch your Toshiba phone on for the first time. If the battery charge level The battery will only achieve optimum performance runs too low for normal operation, your Toshiba after two or three complete charges.. Getting started Installing the software USB driver installation To install a USB driver: 1. Connect your Toshiba phone to the PC using the USB cable. Install the USB driver (on the installation CD supplied in the sales pack) and check your device manager and Com port number.. Answering a call The name and telephone number of the incoming Before making a call, ensure that your Toshiba call is displayed (if allowed by the caller), or just the phone is switched on, that there is a valid SIM card number if the caller is not included in the contacts installed and that the signal is sufficiently strong.. To adjust the earpiece volume to one of five volume charges of your calls and data transfer rates, on levels, press the volume increase or decrease your Toshiba phone. Press the send key in standby mode to view the.... Call functions Whilst viewing your call history, select Options to enabled phone. Then, whilst in standby mode, perform the following operations: confirm that the 3G network indicator is displayed. To make a video call: Voice call Makes a voice call 1.. Call functions Other operations during a video call • Flicker adjustment: set the frame rate for the video call. • To use the zoom, press the Up or Down • Send picture: send a picture in My files during Navigation keys. Contacts The Contacts feature has four tabs: To add additional information to the contact, select Options > Switch tab. You can add the following • All contacts - the default tab, contains a list of information: all contacts and distribution lists entered. • Video call: make a video call to the selected contact. • Memory status: displays the number of contact entries on your Toshiba phone, SIM card and • Edit: edit the selected contact. • Create message: create a message for the •.... Select the number key you want to assign the contact to and press the Centre key. Select Back to return to the Contacts menu. In standby mode, press the Centre key. The Adding contacts to groups main menu is displayed.. Enter the name of the new group and press the 5. Enter the contact’s details and press the Centre key. The contact is saved to the SIM card.. Follow the prompt message, speak the name clearly into your Toshiba phone and repeat the You can dial numbers from your contacts list by name after playback. speaking the contact’s name into your Toshiba 6. Press the Centre key to confirm the recording.. To create and send an MMS message: Your Toshiba phone can send linking SMS messages. You can send up to five SMS messages 1. In standby mode, press the Centre key. Messages Creating an e-mail Checking messages To create and send an e-mail message: Checking inbox SMS, MMS or CBS 1. In standby mode, press the Centre key. The messages main menu is displayed. When a message is received in standby mode, you 2.. The list of received WAP Push messages is displayed. Select the message you want to To check inbox e-mails: read and press the Centre key. In standby mode, press the Centre key. Messages Checking sent messages Templates To check sent messages: You can use templates to enter messages easily. You can create both MMS and text message 1. In standby mode, press the Centre key. Select Messages > Sent messages > SMS/ To use text/MMS templates: MMS or E-mail tab.. Messages Creating an MMS template: Message settings 1. In standby mode, press the Centre key. The SMS settings main menu is displayed. Select Messages > Create Message > MMS. To access the SMS settings: The Create MMS screen is displayed. Messages MMS settings • Hide number: hide your phone number. • Anonymous messages: receive any To access the MMS settings: anonymous message. In standby mode, press the Centre key. The • Allow read report: prevent read reports from main menu is displayed. You can receive a variety of messages through cell broadcast. CBS (Cell Broadcast) Messages are 1. In standby mode, press the Centre key. The sent to your Toshiba phone automatically by the main menu is displayed. Select Messages > Message settings >.... Messages Voicemail settings To access the voicemail settings: 1. In standby mode, press the Centre key. Select Messages > Message settings > Voicemail. You can change the following settings: • Voicemail number: change voicemail numbers. Text input Character input mode When using your Toshiba phone, you will often EXAMPLE: To enter the word Toshiba in T9 need to enter text when saving new contact entries, mode, press 8 6 7 4 4 2 2. Press the Centre creating text messages or scheduling events on key to confirm.. • Themes: set a theme for the main menu and • General: profile for ordinary use. • Silent: set your Toshiba phone to silent mode. • Greeting message: set greeting messages •.... Settings • Power save: automatically control when the • Flight mode: use your Toshiba phone display is powered off. If you configures this applications without transmitting wireless setting to Never, the dialogue on the standby signals, for air traffic safety.. Settings Call settings • Any key answer: control whether or not an incoming call can be answered by keys other To access the call settings: than the Send key. Additional keys to answer calls include the Select key, Up, Down, Left 1.. When PIN control is enabled, you are prompted for the PIN code when you switch your Toshiba 2. If the PIN code is not entered, the You have the following network settings options: phone will be disabled.. To access the memory settings: Bluetooth™ is a technology that facilitates wireless 1. In standby mode, press Centre key. The main communication between PCs and your Toshiba menu is displayed. You can transfer data and use a wireless 2. Press the Centre key to start and stop the stopwatch. Calendar allows you to use your Toshiba phone to create and view scheduled events and TIP: To record and save your lap times, appointments.. Enter the subject and set the start date, start Calculator time, end date, end time, alarm and repeat. To access the calculator: NOTE: 1. In standby mode, press the Centre key. The • The Repeat tool enables you to set a main menu is displayed.. Organiser Sound recorder Tasks To make a sound recording: To enter a task: 1. In standby mode, press the Centre key. In standby mode, press the Centre key. Select Organiser > Tasks > New Task. Organiser World clock To set a time zone: 1. In standby mode, press the Centre key. Select the time zone using the Left and Right Navigation keys. Select the city using the Up and Down Navigation keys.. Browser A separate subscription may be required to use the Navigation keys for browsing the web browser. For details, contact your service provider. • Left Softkey: selects an item or displays the Options menu. Launching the browser • Right Softkey: returns to the previous screen. - Link referral: browse the previous web page. Certificates: verify all digital certificates installed on your Toshiba phone. WAP Push: confirm the contents level before browsing. Browser Profiles: select the service providers.. Media player Playing music • Play the previous track: press the Left Navigation Key. To play music: • Play the next track: press the Right 1. In standby mode, press the Centre key. • Exit: exit the media player application. • Mark: mark the selected files. Using the playlist • Unmark: unmark the selected files. You can create playlists using your Toshiba phone • Mark all: mark all files. • Unmark all: unmark all files.. Media player Select Options in Playlists to access the following • Send: send a selected file via MMS, email or functions: Bluetooth. • Sort by: sort by name, type or date. • Play: play music • Details: view the file information in detail. Select the video you want to see and press the The Bookmarks tab shows a list of all links to Centre key. streaming content on your Toshiba phone. These Select Options while the video is playing to use the bookmarks can only be accessed through the following functions: Media Player.. Camera Taking a picture Preview screen options • New picture: take a new picture. To take a picture: • Send picture: send a picture via MMS, email or 1. In standby mode, press the Centre key. Camera Picture settings Recording a video 1. In standby mode, press the Centre key. The To record a video: main menu is displayed. In standby mode, press the Centre key. Select Camera > Picture mode > Options > main menu is displayed.. Camera • Video call: change to video call mode. • Save location: choose to save the picture on the phone memory or on the memory card. • Video settings: set the video quality and video effects. • Frame rate: adjust how many frames per second the video will capture (Low = 7fps, High •.... My files The My files menu contains six default folders for Searching files storing files. Additionally, you can create your own To search files in the My files menu: personal folders and you can use My files to store data contained on your memory card. Press the End key on your Toshiba phone. Select the Disconnect button, on the PC You can use a USB cable to connect your Toshiba SYNC menu bar. phone to a PC, allowing you to send and receive the 3.. Specifications Toshiba TS705 Frequency Range Within 3G (UMTS) 2100 1920 - 2170 MHz Within GSM 900 880 - 960 MHz Within DCS 1800 1710 - 1880 MHz Within PCS 1900 1850 - 1990 MHz Continuous Talk Time Within 3G (UMTS) area Approx.. Troubleshooting Problem Possible Causes and Solutions Cannot turn the • Ensure that the battery is inserted correctly (pg 22). power on • Ensure that the battery is charged (pg 24). Cannot charge the • Ensure that the battery is inserted correctly. General • When using ear buds or other headphones, be careful not to listen at excessive volumes. • Always use your Toshiba phone in the intended Listening to very loud sound levels may lead to manner. Incorrect usage may affect hearing loss.. • If you wear a pacemaker, or are in the company • Switch your Toshiba phone off in any facility of someone who does, you should be aware that where posted notices prohibit phone usage.. • Do not short-circuit the battery. Accidental short-circuiting can occur when a metallic object Your Toshiba phone is powered by a rechargeable causes a direct connection between the + and - battery. The full performance of a new battery is terminals of the battery.. Emergency calls FCC RF exposure information Calls cannot be made to emergency services while Your Toshiba phone is a radio transmitter and data communication is being performed within a receiver. It is designed and manufactured not to GSM area. If the system mode is set to UMTS Only.... This phone was tested for typical body-worn operations with the back of the phone kept at a Your Toshiba phone is a radio transmitter and distance of 1.5cm from the body. It is designed not to exceed the limits for.... Health and safety The World Health Organization has stated that The following Information is only for EU-Member present scientific information does not indicate the States: need for any special precautions for the use of mobile devices. They state that if you want to reduce your exposure then you can do so by limiting the length of calls or using a ‘hands-free’.... Health and safety Purchase record For your future reference, we recommend that you fill in your purchase details in the form below. Serial Number*: Dealer Name: Purchase Date: * The serial number is printed on the bottom of the battery compartment.. Menu tree Camera Messages Organiser Picture mode Create message Stopwatch Video mode Inbox Alarm clock Drafts Calendar Contacts Sent messages Calculator All contacts Voicemail Sound recorder Groups Templates Tasks SIM contacts Message settings Unit converter Filter World clock Browser Settings My files Phone profile Pictures.... Index Numerics Call history 26, 27 Camera 18, 59 3G coverage 65 Camera/Task Switch key 17 Care and maintenance 14 AC adapter 16, 24, 64 CBS 36 Alarm clock 49 CD-ROM 16 All contacts 30 Cell broadcast settings 41 Antenna port 18 Character input mode 43 Charging the battery 24 Clear key 17.... Index FCC notice 15 License manager 62 Filter 30, 33 Fixed dialling 47 Main display 17 Flicker adjustment 29, 60, 61 Memory status 31 Frame rate 29 Microphone 17 MicroSD 20, 22 Groups 30 MMS 20, 35 GSM 47 Navigation key/Centre key 17 Handstrap hole 18 Number mode 43 ID 46.... Index Rights manager 47 UMTS 47 Ringtones 45 UMTS signal strength 21 Unit converter 51 USB cable 16 Self-timer 59 USB driver installation 25 Send key 17 User guide 16 Side key 17 SIM contacts 30 SMS 20, 35 Video 60 Softkey 17 Video calls 28 Sound recorder 51.... By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
ï»¿Your AKIAILXQSRWLEYNJDWHA is not registered as an Amazon Associate. Please register as an associate at https://affiliate-program.amazon.com/assoc_credentials/home.. The Internetâs Most Trustworthy Phone Unlocking Website. Does your phone use a SIM Card?. In which country are you located?. Simply tell us whether your phone uses a SIM card, select your country from the list below and your provider/phone network.. We Can Unlock Your Toshiba TS605 Cell Phone for FREE, regardless of what network it is currently locked to!. Get it FREE - Click the ''Get it Free'' button above to begin your TrialPay checkout, easily, and safely.. Our Toshiba unlocks by remote code (no software required) are not only FREE, but they are easy and safe. Once it is unlocked, you may use any SIM card in your phone from any network worldwide! As well as the benefit of being able to use your phone with any network, it also increases its value if you ever plan on selling it. All we need is your phone''s IMEI number, its model number, and the network in which it is currently locked.. This is an unlock code for most all. Our mobile cell phone unlock codes work by inputting a certain number (the unlock code that we give you for FREE with TrialPay) into your phone to unlock it to any provider. Let''s say that you purchased a. from T-Mobile and now you wish to change to another provider. When you try to put your new sim-card into your previous provider''s locked phone, it will give you a message saying that your SIM is not supported. Using our unlock codes, your phone will now support any SIM card! Our codes work for life, giving you the flexibility to change providers how ever many time you wish! All you have to do is supply us with your. IMEI number after checkout (usually found by typing in *#06# then pressing Dial on your phone ... just like making a regular phone call and also your service provider which your phone is currently locked to. Please contact us at http://www.freeunlocks.com/contactus.html with any questions before ordering. Please note: One order works on your specific phone model. Unfortunately, there is no way to unlock more than one phone with a code provided. If you wish to unlock multiple phones, please make multiple orders.. No Review Found on this Product. What if I enter the unlock code incorrectly, how many attempts until it would HARD lock my phone?. Do you unlock Nokia mobile phone?. What is the Turnaround time to receive my Nokia unlock code?. Nokia phones only takes up to 3 incorrect attempts before it will be HARD lock, so be very careful!. Yes we do unlock it! Just provide us with the country and service provider that your phone is currently locked to and we would be happy to check our system if it is available for unlocking.. If it is a BB5.0 Nokia Phones usually it would take up to 10 days to generate.. For DCTs some would take from a couple to minutes to 5 days.. stars across 1401 independent real reviews on ReviewCentre.com!. Weâre so sure that weâll exceed your expectations with our service that it is 100% guaranteed (Read More). We're so sure that we'll exceed your expectations with our service that it is 100% guaranteed.. For any paid unlock we provide a money-back guarantee. Upon video proof that the code doesn't work, you will receive a full refund.. For any free Trialpay unlock that doesn't meet your expectations, we will keep your credit on file for a future unlock, or reimburse you if you have paid for your offer as a courtesy.. Read our full terms and conditions here .. We have successfully unlocked 96,500 phones since 2009. Australian Business No: 63 781 725 050. 
www.GSMUnlockUSA.com - #1 Direct Source Wholesale | Welcome, Guest! | Sign In | Instructions | Order Status | My Account | Shopping Cart ( 0 ). Search Bulk Unlock Code. Home | Apple iPhone | Blackberry 10 | Dell | Huawei | HTC | LG | Motorola | Nokia Lumia | Pantech | Samsung | SonyEricsson | ZTE. Guarantee The Lowest Price - Apple iPhone Factory Unlocked!. Great News!! Huawei Factory Code (Premium) is back with new price, very fast 0-3 working days.. Toshiba TG01 [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). Toshiba Windows Phone IS12T [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). Toshiba G450 [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). Toshiba 904T [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). Toshiba G900 [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). Toshiba 903T [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). The #1 Site For Online Unlocking. We are the best in the online unlocking business. Work Directly with the Source - Great. for CellPhone Store, Service Center, Webmaster, eBay sellers !. This Web site is secured with a GoDaddy.com Web Server Certificate. on the site are protected with up to 256-bit Secure Sockets Layer encryption.. Your personal and financial in information is safe with us!. GoDaddy.com has verified that the certificate holder controls the domain www.masterunlockcode.com.. Unlocking your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code has never been easier! That's right - you're FREE, your unlocked handset will accept any SIM card from ANY provider worldwide! You're just 30 seconds away from freedom.. We guarantee it. Our Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code unlocking process is safe and 100% money-back guaranteed. Your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code will not be damaged in any way through this process. So how do you unlock your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code ? It's as easy as texting a friend! We'll provide you step-by-step instructions on how to unlock your handset, as well as an unlock code straight from the manufacturer.. To GET STARTED : Select the original carrier of your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code from the list below to start unlocking your phone.. Warranty: All our Unlock CODES are 100% genuine and. guaranteed, if for any reason your unlock codes are Not Found in our database then. we will issue a full refund.. Select Original Network Provider (Phone is from) Regular Price Special Price Delivery Time. You should select the original. carrier of the phone(Phone is Currently Locked to). (Change Network) $52.95 $34.95 Save 34% 3-8 Days. Regular Price: $52.95 $34.95 (Save 34%). To find IMEI, dial *#06# on your phone. (To find IMEI, dial *#06# on your phone). The PRD (Product Code) can be located on the label under the phone battery. Your personal and financial in information is safe with us!. Does your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code work only with your current service provider or, when you insert a SIM card from another network, do you see any of the following messages?. - Enter SIM Unlock Code (Simlock). If so, your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code is LOCKED and we can help you remove this lock on your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code in a few simple steps, allowing you to use your phone on any GSM wireless network anywhere in the world. You will not have to mail in your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code. No technical knowledge required at all. Simply provide us your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code’s IMEI number and we do all the rest. - Simply provide us your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code’s IMEI (which can be found by typing *#06# into your phone), during check out. - After order placement, the Unlock CODES together with easy to follow instructions guides will be sent to your email address within the time frame given. - Follow the unlocking instructions provided by MasterUnlockCode.com and easily dial in the supplied Unlock CODE for your mobile and start using your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code with any SIM Card. Reasons to remote unlock your cell phone. - Save a fortune abroad, by using cheap local SIM Cards rather than expensive roaming tariffs. - As usually subsidize the cost of the phone, by unlocking it you are increasing the resale value of your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code by up to 300%. - Use your work and personal SIM Card in your unlocked Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code - no need to carry two phones again. - Get the best value tariffs by swapping SIM Cards to take advantage of the latest offers. - You never send your phone to anybody. You receive the instructions within hours; unlocking itself takes 1-3 minutes. - No opening your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code and risk of damage to your device. - Very easy, no technical experience necessary. - No complicated software or hardware just enters Unlock CODE, and your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code is PERMANENTLY unlocked. - Is safe and does not void cell phone's warranty. - Unlocking is a one-time event. It works for the life of your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code. All our Unlock CODES are 100% genuine and guaranteed, if for any reason your unlock codes are not found in our database then we will issue a full refund.. Why my Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code is locked?. When you purchase a cell phone it is often offered at a discounted price by the cellular network. In return for this generosity they "lock" your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code to their network, so that you can only use their network for making and receiving calls. This means that you cannot use the SIM card of another network, and if you try to do so the phone will display "Phone Restricted", “Contact Service Provider”, “Enter Unlock Code” or a similar message. Unlocking the phone removes this lock, allowing you to use your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code on any GSM wireless network anywhere in the world. Why should I unlock my Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code?. - Save a fortune abroad, by using cheap local SIM cards rather than expensive roaming tariffs. - As usually subsidize the cost of the phone, by unlocking it you are increasing the resale value of your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code by up to 300%. - Use your work and personal SIM card in your unlocked Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code no need to carry two phones again. - Get the best value tariffs by swapping SIM cards to take advantage of the latest offers. - You never send your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code to anybody. - No opening your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code and risk of damage to your device. - Very easy, no technical experience necessary. - No complicated software or hardware just enters code, and your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code is PERMANENTLY unlocked. - Is safe and does not void Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code’s warranty. - Unlocking is a one-time event. It works for the life of your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code. - Will I have to unlock my Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code every time I change SIM Card?. - No, even if you upgrade the software (flash) or hard reset your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code, it remains permanently unlocked, no matter what you do to it. A SIM card or Subscriber Identity Module is a portable memory chip used in GSM phones. The SIM Card allows users to change phones by simply removing the SIM Card from one cell phone and inserting it into another. The SIM holds personal identity information, cell phone number, phone book, text messages and other data. How does the remote unlocking work?. Upon successful order submission, we will process your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code's unique IMEI number and email back an unlock code. The International Mobile Equipment Identity or IMEI is a 15 digit serial number unique to every GSM cell phone. We generate the unlocking code from the IMEI, this is called remote unlocking. Enter *#06# into your phone to retrieve the unique 15 digit IMEI number. It can also be found printed on the back of the phone underneath the battery. No software or cable is required at all. How do I enter the unlock code?. It is very easy to enter the unlock code. How Safe is it and is it guaranteed to Work?. Removing the network restriction on your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code with unlocking codes is the safest and fastest way to unlock a cell phone. There is absolutely no risk of damaging your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code or void warranty. You simply enter the unlock codes directly into your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code via the Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code’s keypad to remove the network restriction. We guarantee it to work or your money back. On November 26, 2006, the U.S. Copyright Office ruled that consumers can legally unlock their cell phones in order to use them with rival carriers. Some times you might be able to ask your network to provide you with an unlock code. However, they will only do this for free if you have completed your contract. Obviously most networks don't want you moving away from their network so they will often charge extortionate rates to unlock your Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code and you can also be made to wait up to 3 weeks to receive your unlock codes. For USA phones manufactured before January 26th, 2013, you may still legally unlock in accordance with the the Digital Millenium Copyright Act.. It is illegal to unlock USA devices that are manufactured after January 26th, 2013 unless you have permission from your service provider. We will not provide any service for any USA service provider cell phone or smart phone manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later. MasterUnlockCode.com will not be held liable or responsible if you place an order for an unlock code for any USA service provider cell phone that was manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later. If you make a purchase on MasterUnlockCode.com or any affiliated website you accept full responsibility for complying with all local, national, and international laws. MasterUnlockCode.com will not knowingly give any advice or provide any service to anyone who wishes to unlock a phone that was purchased from a USA service provider manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later in The United States of America.. Toshiba TS605 Unlock Code , Unlock Toshiba TS605 , How to unlock Toshiba TS605 , How to factory unlock Toshiba TS605 , How to permanently unlock Toshiba TS605 , Free Toshiba TS605 unlock instructions. THE MOST RECENTLY ORDERED UNLOCK CODES Another Sucessful unlocking for the Toshiba TG01 unlock code Lightening fast Delivery of Another Toshiba Windows Phone IS12T unlock code Someone just got a Super Cheap Toshiba G450 unlock code Took only minutes to email another Toshiba 904T unlock code Seconds ago Seconds ago Seconds ago Seconds ago. OVER 2,500,000 PHONES UNLOCKED OPEN 24/7 · LOWEST PRICES GUARANTEED!. We are the direct source for IMEI remote unlock codes. We have the fastest processing times. If a code is "Not Found" or if the code isn't working. we will give you a 100% refund. If you are having problems unlocking your device our knowledge staff and support. will guide you through the procedure.. Ready to unlock your device now?. Yes it is completely legal and you will not void the. We have unlocks for most of the major phone manufacturers including Blackberry,. HTC, Samsung, Nokia, Sony Ericcson, LG, Huawei, Palm, HP and many more! If you do. not see your manufacturer listed below please contact us!. By buying a code from us you are getting the fastest and highest quality service. We offer 100% working unlock codes from all the major manufacturers. FAQs | Instructions | Contact Us. www.GSMUnlockUSA.com - #1 Direct Source Wholesale - Store Owners, Dealers and Resellers. How to unlock iPhone 8 Plus. How to unlock iPhone 7 Plus. How to unlock iPhone 6S Plus. How to unlock iPhone 6 Plus. © 2007 - 2018 PD Software Ltd | Home | Terms of Sale | Privacy Policy | Contact Us. 
Are you human, bot or alien?. 
