128MB RAM storage, microSD card slot. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100. 110 x 58 x 14 mm (4.33 x 2.28 x 0.55 in). 2.83 inches, 24.8 cm 2 (~38.9% screen-to-body ratio). 320 x 240 pixels, 4:3 ratio (~141 ppi density). microSD, up to 8 GB (dedicated slot). 128 MB RAM, 256 MB ROM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Toshiba G810 - user opinions and reviews. ma phone shows nothing in screen.(white screen). how can chenge the langeuage to english. how i can tchinge the longe to the france. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Toshiba Excite Go Toshiba Windows Phone IS12T Toshiba G450 Toshiba G500 Toshiba Thrive Toshiba Excite Pro. 
Toshiba G810 - user opinions and reviews. 128MB RAM storage, microSD card slot. Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ». ma phone shows nothing in screen.(white screen). fixy260, 20 Jan 2013 please the network is lock how can open it to use my network mtn nigeria and how can chenge th... more how can chenge the langeuage to english. how i can tchinge the longe to the france. please the network is lock how can open it to use my network mtn nigeria and how can chenge the langeuage to english. Mikite, 23 Nov 2012 Do you know if i could find a battery for this phone? A similar one , from another model becau... more It uses the same battery as the HP 6828 and O2 Atom phones.. Do you know if i could find a battery for this phone? A similar one , from another model because this is too old for a original one?. wankin, 25 Apr 2010 i want to change chinese language to english. i don't know how to do it. if anybody know it, ... more I want to change the language to English please.. How can i change d language to english?. before i bought this phone read some really nasty reviews about on here. but honestly after using it for a while its not bad at all. sure there's some things that could be better like the operating software, but honestly most windows mobile phones are complicated. the camera is really good, and even though the battery life isnt spectacular it still does the job. it has some really amazing features though, if you connect it to the pc its so easy to copy any files that you need. it comes with microsoft office aswell and the media player is exceptional. the touchscreen is really trendy aswell. all in all it isnt a perfect phone, i dont think there is a perfect one out there. but you have to give it a 7.5/10 atleast and that for me means its a very good phone.. bopols!!!!!! just read the manual of your phone.. how can i change the language of the phone into english... JCVD, 02 Feb 2011 This is without doubt the worst phone I've used. The touch screen is not very responsive and t... It'd nearly useless since its signal reception is so poor!. Is Garmin mobile xt (maps software) work on Tosshiba g810??? without external intenna?. This is without doubt the worst phone I've used. The touch screen is not very responsive and the rubbish windows operating system is not only slow but also crashes very frequently. Texting using the stylus is also a pain because it always flips between text settings if you accidently tap on the wrong bit - it's really irritating !!. There are lots of much better phones on the market, my advice is not to waste your money buying this rubbish !!. how the gps system is working and what type of external antenna may i use?. I have updated the ROM to WM 6.5. I need to get back to the older version WM 6.1. Any idea how to do that?. Most problems whith this phone come from wm6.5 roms. If you have any, revert to the original rom.. abeer, 21 Aug 2010 hi :). actually i am facing a very big problem with my mobile toshiba G810 , it doesn't work .... more Hi! I'm not technician but I have some ideas to you. First ensure that all buttons are in good condition : not pressed, especially on/off button. Secondly, it can be a moisture problem, in that cas you must turn off your mobile and dry it with hair dryer (in a cold position!). If it is not the case it could be a software problem, you should see a repairman. Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ». Total of 157 user reviews and opinions for Toshiba G810 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Toshiba Excite Go Toshiba Windows Phone IS12T Toshiba G450 Toshiba G500 Toshiba Thrive Toshiba Excite Pro. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. toshiba tg01 toshiba g810 battery toshiba g810 stylus. All Listings - Current page. Save toshiba g810 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow toshiba g810 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. FT Sony Toshiba Velocity ViewSonic GPS/PDA MP3 MP4 DC Auto Car Adapter Charger. Battery 1530mAh For TOSHIBA Portege G810, type PA3187C-1BAL TS-BTR007. Battery For TOSHIBA Portege G810 (p/n PA3187C-1BAL, TS-BTR007) 1530mAh. PA3187C-1BAL, TS-BTR007 Battery For TOSHIBA Portege G810 (1530mAh). for TOSHIBA G810 Case Pocket Sleeve Bag Lanyard Tablet Smartphone. for TOSHIBA G810 Bicycle Bike Handlebar Mount Holder Waterproof. for TOSHIBA G810 Black Executive Wallet Pouch Case with Magnetic Fixation. for TOSHIBA G810 Red Executive Wallet Pouch Case with Magnetic Fixation. for TOSHIBA G810 Black Executive Wallet Pouch Case with Magnetic Fixation. for TOSHIBA G810 Red Executive Wallet Pouch Case with Magnetic Fixation. for TOSHIBA G810 Case Pocket Sleeve Bag Lanyard Tablet Smartphone. for TOSHIBA G810 Bicycle Bike Handlebar Mount Holder Waterproof. For Toshiba g810 Black Executive Folder Wallet with Magnetic Fastening. for TOSHIBA G810 motorcycle bike handlebar mount holder waterproof. Carcasa, funda cinturon o Brazalete para toshiba g810. For Toshiba g810 Red Executive Folder Wallet with Magnetic Fastening. For Toshiba g810 Pouch Multi Use Tablet Smartphone Bag Hangers. Case cover and belt clip or toshiba g810 armband. Pouches, Belt Clips or Armband Pouch For Toshiba g810. Etuis, Gürtelclips oder Armband Tasche für TOSHIBA G810. Pouch Holster or Belt Clip or Armband for TOSHIBA G810. Case or Clip Belt or Arm Band for Toshiba g810. Sleeve Holster or Armband or Belt Clip for TOSHIBA G810. for TOSHIBA G810 Blue Pouch Bag XXM 18x10cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Brown Pouch Bag XXM 18x10cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Reflecting Cover Armband Wraparound Sport Waterproof. for TOSHIBA G810 Pouch Bag Case XL Universal Multi-function al. For toshiba g810 bag case cover pocket smartphone tablets. for TOSHIBA G810 Black Pouch Bag XXM 18x10cm Multi-function al Universal. For toshiba g810 red cover in executive portfolio magnetic fixing. For toshiba g810 black cover in executive portfolio magnetic fixing. For toshiba g810 amt handlebar cycling water waterproof. for TOSHIBA G810 Black Pouch Bag 16x9cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Beige Pouch Bag 16x9cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Blue Pouch Bag 16x9cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Purple Pouch Bag 16x9cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Funda Roja Cinturon Universal Multiusos. for TOSHIBA G810 Funda Azul Cinturon Universal Multiusos. for TOSHIBA G810 Blue Pouch Bag XXM 18x10cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Black Pouch Bag XXM 18x10cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Brown Pouch Bag XXM 18x10cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Reflecting Cover Armband Wraparound Sport. for TOSHIBA G810 Reflecting Cover Armband Wraparound Sport Waterproof. Logitech - G810 Orion Spectrum RGB Gaming Keyboard - Black. Logitech - RGB G810 Orion Spectrum Gaming Keyboard - Black - T375. Logitech German Keyboard G810 920-008462 Wired Keyboard Battlefield 1 Edition EA. Logitech G810 920-008462 Wired Keyboard 13670. Mini Wireless Keyboard With Touchpad 2.4G Backlight For Laptop TV Box PC Android. Mini Wireless Keyboard 2.4G with Touchpad Handheld Keyboard Lot ZT. iPazzPort KP-810-21SDL 2.4G Wireless Mini Keyboard with Touchpad Mouse H4P6. IPazzport KP-810 Mini 2.4G Wireless Mouse Touchpad QWERTY Keyboard NOIR Russian. New For HP Revolve 810 G1 D7Y87PA 706960-001 US Keyboard Black. iPazzPort KP-810-19S Russian Version 2.4G Wireless Mini Keyboard For PC Lot OWE. New 2.4G Mini Wireless Keyboard Mouse Touchpad for PC Smart TV Android iOS Phone. Logitech - RGB G810 Orion Spectrum Gaming Keyboard - Black - WARRANTY. Logitech G810 Orion Spectrum Keyboard BRAND NEW. iPazzPort KP 810 21Q 2.4G RF Wireless Mini Keyboard Backlight with Touchpad NEW. Logitech G810 Orion Spectrum RGB Mechanical Gaming Keyboard – Easy-Access... iPazzport KP - 810 - 19 Mini 2.4G Wireless Mouse Touchpad QWERTY Keyboard. Mini Wireless Keyboard 2.4G with Touchpad Handheld Keyboard Lot OE. LOGITECH - COMPUTER ACCESSORIES 920-007739 G810 ORION SPECTRUM MECHANICAL. Logitech G810 Orion Spectrum RGB Mechanical Gaming Keyboard. 2.4G Mini wireless Keyboard Mouse Touchpad for PC Android Laptop Tablet NEW. 7pin PK-810 Gaming USB Wired Computer Keyboard with Phone Holder Backlight Y8G7. KP-810-19 Mini 2.4G Bluetooth Wireless QWERTY Keyboard Mouse with Touchpad Black. Mini Wireless Keyboard With Touchpad 2.4G Backlight For Laptop TV Box PC Android. logitech g810 keyboard new other hasnt been used. US New Backlit Keyboard HP EliteBook Revolve 810 G1 810 G2 716747-001 706960-001. iPazzPort KP 810 21Q 2.4G Wireless Mini Keyboard Backlight with Touchpad 800mAh. New LCD Video Screen Cable for ACER Aspire E5-571G E5-531 E5-531G E5-551 V3-572. Genuine For Dell Latitude D810 D610 Precision M70 Keyboard G4646 G4684 H4406. iPazzPort KP-810-21S MINI 2.4G RF WIRELESS HANDHELD KEYBOARD FOR PC PAD TV BOX. Genuine HP US Silver Frame Backlit Keyboard for EliteBook Revolve 810 G1 G2 G3. Logitech G810 Orion Spectrum Rgb Mechanical Gaming Keyboard - Cable Connectivity. FOR DELL Latitude D610 D810 Inspiron 610M Precision M70 Laptop Keyboard G4684. New US BLK backlit keyboard for HP EliteBook Revolve 810 G1 810 G2 90.4XF07.L01. HP EliteBook Revolve 810 G1 G2 G3 Keyboard - CA 706960-DB1 Backlit. Mini Wireless Keyboard 2.4G with Touchpad Handheld Keyboard Lot LU. GENUINE FOR Dell Latitude D810 Precision M70 Keyboard G4646. 258 items found from eBay international sellers. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. - Usb 2.0 Interface - 104 Key - Compatible (920007739). Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Not finding what you're looking for? Save toshiba g810 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Home -> Smartphone Reviews -> Toshiba G810. Reviewed July 2, 2008 by Lisa Gade, Editor. Trends come and go in fashion and in consumer electronics. Take touch screens: now the rage thanks to the iPhone , though they've been around for a decade in Windows Mobile and Palm OS handhelds and (more recently) phones. But there is a difference, however subtle: the iPhone and its flush-screen competitors are finger friendly, while the old PDA paradigm carried over to smartphones is stylus-centric. And there's the rub-- all those folks who don't want to be bothered with ever-lose-able and inconvenient piece of plastic. Toshiba doesn't make many Windows Mobile phones (they were once a large player in the Pocket PC PDA market), but when they do, they go for cutting-edge features and trendy elements. I doubt the touch screen will become unfashionable any time soon, so Toshiba's bet on a flush screen Windows Mobile Professional phone with touch software was a good one.. The Toshiba G810 is rife with features and high-end specs. It's got a very modern, elegant slate design in this year's hot finish: gloss black. What's not to like? Sure, it's not made by HTC, the largest ODM of Windows Mobile Pro devices, so you don't get that Toyota-like assurance (everyone's got one and they like it just fine, thank you). But if you hanker for something different from the crowd, something cooler looking than the HTC Touch Cruise, it's worth a look. The G810 is a quad band GSM phone with worldwide 3G (yes, it works on AT&T's HSDPA 3G network here in the US) that's sold by importers since Toshiba doesn't market the device in the US. It was released at the end of June 2008 in Europe and Asia and is available from a variety of online importers. In the UK it's sold from stores like Car Phone Warehouse, and given Best Buy's business deal with them, who knows-- it might some day appear in Best Buy Mobile stores. Ours is a UK English review unit, and there are two versions on the market, one for Europe and one for Asia (identical except supported languages).. The Portege G810 competes most directly with the HTC Touch Cruise (a 100% feature match, but the G810 runs a newer OS). It competes more obliquely with the HTC Touch Diamond and E-TEN Glofiish X800 ; these two have a VGA display and the current Diamond lacks US 3G. It competes less with the HTC Touch and HTC Touch Dual with lack WiFi and GPS, but do share the same touch-centric design. Like the Touch Diamond, the Toshiba places emphasis on looks and styling.. The Toshiba Portege G810 is a Windows Mobile 6.1 Professional phone running on a 400MHz Qualcomm CPU with 128 megs of RAM, 256 megs of ROM and an SDHC microSD card slot. It has an integrated GPS, WiFi 802.11b/g, Bluetooth 2.0 +EDR, a 3 megapixel camera with autofocus lens, FM radio, 3G HSDPA and it's one of the first WinMo phones with HSUPA for faster uploads.. The iPhone , Toshiba G810 and HTC Touch Diamond .. In the compact box you'll find the phone, 1530 mAh battery, stylus, world charger (Euro prongs), USB sync cable, stereo headset, thick printed manual and software CD.. The first thing you'll notice is the flush screen design, still a rarity on Windows Mobile Pro phones. HTC's Touch line of devices are the only others currently on the market with this design, but we'll see more in the future since finger-friendly touch screens are all the rage (i.e.: Samsung Omnia and Sony Ericsson Xperia). The flush design isn't just more attractive, it allows easier finger access to the display.. The G810 is undeniably attractive dressed in gloss black, and has unbroken lines. It fits in well with this year's touch-centric slate phones like the Diamond, LG Vu , LG Dare and the upcoming Samsung Omnia i900. Unlike the Diamond and Vu, the back is thankfully not gloss black but rather more grippable soft-touch black plastic. Also unlike the Diamond and LG phones, the Toshiba's gloss front face somehow doesn't get as mucked up with fingerprints so quickly. Like the iPhone, it does collect fingerprints and smudges, but at a reduced rate compared to other gloss phones.. The phone has a 64 thousand color 2.83" touch screen that's one of the best among Windows Mobile Pro phones. It's extremely bright (retina-burning at max brightness indoors), very sharp and colorful. It comes closer to the iPhone's lovely display than any other WinMo phone to date, including the Sony Ericsson Xperia. That brightness comes in handy for outdoor viewing; unlike many WinMo Pocket PC phones, the G810's display is viewable outdoors. It does lose color saturation and some contrast but it remains readable. The screen is also pleasingly sensitive and responsive. It's more iPhone-like in terms of responsiveness and requiring a light touch than the HTC Touch products which require a great deal of pressure and a concerted finger-drag to scroll.. Here's a 5 minute video of the Toshiba G810's touch interface, design and GPS:. Since the VGA Diamond, Xperia and 400 x 240 (err, wide QVGA) Omnia , higher resolution displays are hot with power users and high end PDA phone buyers. The Toshiba sticks with QVGA, which won't impress your uber-geek buddies, nor will you see lots more on screen when mapping your way to a destination. We do miss VGA for Google maps, and browsing with NetFront 3.5, the only browser that maintains initial page overview readability on a tiny VGA screen. But for other uses, QVGA is easier on the eyes and easier to control with a finger (UI controls and hyperlinks aren't too small to poke with a fingernail). Opera 9.5 on the Diamond looks lovely, but the initial web page overview uses greeked text, so you've got to tap and zoom in (and scroll) to read. We like VGA, but we like it much better on large screen devices like the HTC Advantage X7510 , that are suited to the resolution.. An interesting phone sports a few controversial features. The Toshiba has two: its stylus and front buttons. Toshiba worked to integrate the stylus into the device's lines while avoiding taking up extra space for a traditional silo. They came up with a stylus that doubles as the side trim. There's a silver plastic trim ring that runs along all four sides of the phone, and that trim ring sticks out a little bit more on the upper right side. That ever so minor hump is the stylus. While we'd never call it ergonomic, it's clever enough and helpful for those who tend to leave their stylus behind (it clearly looks like something is missing when the stylus isn't in place). Given the G810's touch UI, we didn't find ourselves reaching for that stylus very often (thankfully). It's also very pointy, looking more like a dart than an input device (it hasn't scratched the screen yet, but we still worry).. The front-facing buttons that light courtesy of blue LEDs aren't mechanical buttons but rather touch-sensitive controls. There is no haptic vibration feedback here, which makes using these buttons a numbing experience. Once we turned on button sounds (a standard feature in WinMo's sound settings), we liked the buttons quite well-- all it takes is a little sound or vibration to make an interaction feel like an interaction. These buttons are dedicated to call send and end, the Windows Start menu (useful since the on-screen Start Menu icon is hidden by the touch UI), Home button that takes you back to the "now" home screen display with the time, calendar and etc (shown above), and two softkeys that work as normal Windows Mobile soft keys except in the touch UI (Spb Mobile Shell) where they scroll through the home screen tabs. The d-pad handles the usual up/down, left/right and action, and it doesn't support swirling motions or any other fancy maneuvers. It does work decently in games-- we tried it with a few flight shooters and an RPG, and it did OK, though I'd still prefer a traditional d-pad for serious flight shooter and action games.. There are those who hate little rubber doors over their device's ports, and those who prefer them. The Portege G810 is for those of us who hate fiddling with little covers: the USB and microSD card slot, both integrated into the trim ring, are naked. If you carry the phone in a pocket full of super-sized dust bunnies, beware. If you lack the fingernails to manipulate those rubber covers and have a clean place to carry you phone, rejoice.. The SIM card slot is located under the back battery door and the speakerphone grill is on the back just below the camera lens. Volume up down keys are flush-mounted into the left side trim along with the very small and slightly inset power button. The device powers on only when you press the power button, and given the design, it seems nearly impossible that it would get turned on accidentally (it takes a bit of care to turn it on intentionally). The right side has the camera button (launches the camera application and acts as the autofocus/shutter button), voice recorder button and mini-USB port. As with HTC devices, this is a multi-function port that handles syncing, charging and acts as the stereo headset jack. The camera and voice recorder buttons require just a soft press and as a result it's easy to accidentally press them if you're left handed and hold the device with the left hand.. There are flashing LEDs above the display that flash to indicate charging (red), green (slowly) for a new message, green (quickly) for a missed call and blue for Bluetooth. These are very bright; if you keep the phone on the nightstand while charging or with Bluetooth on, turn it face down to avoid a ceiling lightshow.. The Touch UI, Courtesy of Spb Software House. That interface comes courtesy of Spb Software, who developed the G810's UI. This is actually a bundling of Spb's Mobile Shell, Pocket Plus and full screen keyboard applications. The apps have been tweaked to run extremely fast and with great stability on the G810, and we can easily say it's got the fastest touch screen UI among TouchFLO (on the HTC Touch), TouchFLO 3D on the Diamond, Xperia and Omnia. For those who haven't used these applications, they're very similar to the original HTC TouchFLO software, but go deeper to replace more of the standard Windows Mobile UI (but not as deep as TouchFLO 3D). Yes, you could buy another Windows Mobile Professional phone and purchase these titles separately from Spb, but the added element is the flush touch screen that's very responsive to touch, and the Spb titles really do shine on the Toshiba compared to the HTC Tilt or Glofiish X800. Sadly, most users (we don't mean you, power users) don't buy and install 3rd party software, so the out of the box experience becomes very important, which stands in favor of adding these titles at the factory. Rather than attempt a touch UI, Toshiba went with Spb, who's been doing it, and doing it very well at that, for several years.. You can read about the programs in detail on Spb's web site , and this isn't meant to be a review of their software. We'll cover it in brief here for those who've never used this software. Spb Mobile Shell provides the Today Screen, program launcher, photo caller ID, dialer skin, phone profiles and weather. All elements are large and finger friendly, and you can switch between these using the softkeys, by tapping on the bottom icons that represent the tabs or by swiping your finger from side to side. When in any program, you can swipe down from the title bar to bring up the Mobile Shell, and swipe down to dismiss it. Again, the UI is extremely responsive and stable.. The "now" Today screen (upcoming appointments are listed if present).. The photo caller ID screen has a better skin compared to standard Windows Mobile.. There's only a partial version of Spb Pocket Plus here, the part that adds "smart scrolling", which allows you to scroll by dragging a finger in Internet Explorer mobile, contacts, the programs and settings groups and a few other places. Though the phone has enough RAM to reduce our usual desire to micro-mange running programs, we miss the close button=quit app feature and multiple window IE features in full Pocket Plus. Lastly there's Spb's excellent full screen keyboard that fills the screen in landscape mode, making it very easy to type with two digits and thus avoid stylus input. Though if you're a fan of WinMo's very good handwriting recognition, that option is always there (along with the traditional, tiny WinMo on-screen keyboard).. The Toshiba is an unlocked GSM world phone supporting all four bands used on planet earth: 850/900/1800/1900MHz. It's got EDGE and 3G HSDPA for worldwide use, including the US. It's also got HSUPA for max upload speeds of 2 megs/sec. The phone's wizard correctly configured its data and MMS settings after detecting our AT&T SIM, and we were off an surfing quickly. Phone reception is average on HSDPA and above average for GSM/EDGE on both the 850 and 1900MHz bands. The phone has a low SAR rating of 0.684 W/kg (the iPhone 2G is 0.974 and the Touch Dual is 1.42 with 2.0 being that max allowed). You can leave the G810 set to auto band mode, and it will switch between GSM and 3G and select the proper bands itself, or set it manually. In areas where the phone occasionally dropped to EDGE for a few seconds every hour, we set it to 3G and it held a 2 bar signal (and reduced power consumption from hunting and switching). If you plan to use the phone in a non-3G area or with a T-Mobile US SIM, set it to EDGE so it doesn't waste power hunting for a 3G signal.. Voice quality is decent for incoming and outgoing voice when using the handset, but the volume isn't terribly loud (it's on par with the Nokia N95 and quieter than the HTC Touch Dual). Things weren't much better with the wired headset which wasn't very loud and sounded tinny. Voice quality and volume with Bluetooth headsets was excellent-- definitely the way to go. We tested the phone with the Plantronics Discovery 655 , Jawbone and BlueAnt Z9 , and all sounded loud and clear with average range. The Portege has panel devoted to photo caller ID, and the contacts in that dialer get a custom skin (see illustration, right). There's also speed dial, smart dialing and speakerphone (clear but not extremely loud) but no voice dialing. We installed Microsoft Voice Command 1.6 which worked fine for voice dialing and other voice commands. We assigned it to the voice recorder button for quick access. We could initiate voice dialing using a Bluetooth headset but the software doesn't support issuing command through the headset on the Toshiba (you have to speak to the phone not the headset).. 3G HSDPA is a pleasure on the G810, and it averaged 738kbit/sec. in the Dallas area as tested on DSL Reports mobile speed test. The phone ships with the standard WinMo Internet Explorer, which is a decent basic HTML web browser. We installed the latest "concept" version of NetFront 3.5 which rocks in terms of features, rendering and touch-scrolling support. As usual, Messaging (the WinMo counterpart to Outlook e-mail) is there with support for POP3, IMAP and Exchange accounts including push email with Exchange Server 2003 SP2 or newer. Courtesy of Windows Mobile 6.1 we have (finally!) threaded SMS text messaging too. Messaging handles MMS picture and video as well.. The Toshiba G810 runs on a Qualcomm MSM7200 CPU clocked at 400MHz, same as the HTC Tilt (TyTN II), HTC Touch Cruise and Touch Dual. It has 256 megs of flash ROM and 128 megs of ROM. At boot there are ~41 megs of free RAM to run programs and 108 megs of free storage after the Spb software has installed at first boot. There's an SDHC microSD card for storage expansion and we tested a Kingston and AData 4 gig card, both of which worked fine. This is one of the fastest WinMo Pro PDA phones we've used in terms of UI response, and it feels more like a feature phone in that respect. The difference was noticeable when we switched back to the Tilt and Glofiish X800.. The Glofiish X800 and Toshiba G810.. For video playback benchmarking, we used our usual test file, the BMW short film "The Chosen" encoded at 308kbps, benched at 270% using Core Player Mobile with a data rate of 838 kbit/s (TCPMP doesn't play nicely with WinMo 6.1). We used the high quality setting with the Direct Draw video driver selected (that was the only one that worked correctly). That's a good figure for video playback using a non-optimized video playback driver in Core Player. There's an incompatibility between Core Player 1.2.5 + Windows Mobile 6.1 + the Qualcomm chipset graphics as of this writing. That means lesser performance because the application can't use its usual accelerated Qtv driver. Performance should improve with newer versions of Core Player.. Video playback performance using Windows Media Player mobile was good with a variety of QVGA videos encoded at mobile-friendly bitrates of 550kbps or lower. Music playback quality, and the Portege supports WMA, MP3 and AAC files via Media Player Mobile. Headset volume wasn't terribly loud until we adjusted the conservatively set headset volume limited under system settings. The speaker is oddly quiet and thin when playing music, and certainly won't fill a room with sound. A2DP Bluetooth stereo sounded great and loud with the Samsung SBH500. Music was full with strong bass and subtitles came through clearly.. The FM radio proved to be another pleasant surprise, with better than average reception. On auto-find, the phone found about 35 stations in a Dallas suburb, while various Nokia and E-TEN smartphones found only a handful. The FM radio supports RDS for station and song data and can record radio broadcasts (just hit the record button) or schedule a future recording (very cool!). Like all phones, the headset functions as the radio's antenna and so much be plugged in, though you can set the radio to play though the phone's speaker instead of the headset if you wish.. The Toshiba's 3 megapixel camera is a breath of fresh air among WinMo smartphone whose photos are generally mediocre, despite seemingly good specs. The Portege G810 takes excellent photos that are clear, sharp (but not artificially sharpened), colorful and natural. It particularly excels at outdoors shots, where it manages to beat the Nokia N78 , an imaging-oriented 3MP smartphone that was also recently released. The N78's images are over-sharpened and have less natural colors in comparison. The G810 easily beats the more business-oriented Nokia E66 with 3MP autofocus lens, whose shots are sub-par for the spec (and for Nokia). Our HTC Touch Diamond takes very good shots, but the Toshiba's are better. Indoor shots in well to moderately lit environments are good by camera phone standards, but extreme low-light settings yield poor shots: i.e.: bars at night, romantically lit (dark!) restaurants and the like. The flash actually makes matters worse when the subject is close. Surprisingly, the LED flash is overwhelming, and subjects (say a portrait) are over-exposed if 3 feet away or closer. In fact, photos are over-exposed and blurry with the flash on. Simple fix? Don't turn on the flash for close shots and portraits-- photos are fine without it, even in moderate to low light.. Now here's the bad news: image capture times are slow and there's a pronounced lag after pressing the shutter button before the image is captured/saved. We're talking 2 to 3 seconds for 2MP and 3MP resolution images saved to a card-- shave less than 1/3 second off that if saving to internal memory. This means you must hold the camera still until you see the on-screen indicator that the image is captured, or you'll have a blurry photo. Also forget taking that kitten or child doing something split-second cute. Ignore the shutter sound, which doesn't always sync with the actual capture. Images taken at max resolution 2048 x 1536) are about 800k to 1.1 megs in size, while images taken at 2MP (1600 x 1200) resolution range from 600k to 800k at the high quality setting. Lower resolution images capture and save much more quickly, and even 2MP images save faster than 3. There are a variety of lower resolution settings suitable for photo caller ID and MMS, as well as a selection of better than average photo frames (a heart, happy birthday with balloons and etc.). The Toshiba comes with Image to Text, which performs OCR on business cards and other text photographed with the camera.. The camera application uses the entire screen as the viewfinder and there are touch controls for the main settings, switching between modes, resolution, flash control and switching between the front VGA camera and main rear camera. The phone can also shoot MPEG4 video with audio (or without if you prefer) and can save long videos up to VGA 640 x 480 resolution with 22kHz mono audio at an average of 12 fps and 300kbps. There are also QVGA 320 x 240 (same data rate and fps) and even smaller MMS sizes. Video isn't as impressive as are still shots: they've got good colors and contrast but they're not sharp and 12 fps means jerky video.. Click on any sample photo to see the un-edited full resolution 1600 x 1200 photo.. Taken indoors at night with modest incandescent light and no flash (the flash over-exposed the keyboard).. The G810 has an integrated GPS that's part of the Qualcomm chipset, just like the HTC TyTN II/Tilt and Touch Cruise. There's an A-GPS utility that downloads satellite data to speed fix times, but no other GPS software is included. Though not the more robust SiRF III GPS chipset found on E-TEN Glofiish phones, the G810 did well for fix times (cold fix in a minute, hot fix in 15 seconds) and accuracy. We tested it with the free Google Maps and Windows Live, both of which worked well with the GPS and we didn't have to twiddle with any settings to get it going. We also tested it with CoPilot Live 7, which found the GPS automatically and gave good routing and location information. The GPS had no trouble getting a signal in a car, outdoors or indoors within 10 feet of a window. The Toshiba's speaker is clear and spoken directions were easy to understand, though the speaker might not be loud enough for a large 4x4 truck with a noisy differential or a top-down sports car.. The phone ships with a 1530 mAh Lithium Ion battery. That's a fairly high capacity battery and the phone lasted us two days with moderate use. The first few days and charges weren't very impressive, but after 4 charge cycles the battery settled in and we got just below average battery life for a Pocket PC phone that's replete with features. It's hard to describe "average" use with a PDA phone that does so much-- WiFi, GPS, 3G and push email are all battery eaters for example and video playback uses more power than Office and PIM apps. That said, in 3G mode with 20 minutes of GPS navigation time via CoPilot 7, surfing the web for an hour total each day over HSDPA, listening to the FM radio for 30 minutes/day, checking email on a 15 minute schedule (non-push) and talking on the phone for 40 minutes daily, the G810 lasted 1.5 days. Moderate to heavy users will need to charge nightly. The phone inexplicably drained half its charge overnight (we didn't leave a bevy of apps running either) on 2 occasions. The phone supports USB charging and ships with a world charger that looks just like recent HTC and E-TEN chargers. In fact it's the same 5 volt, 1 amp output and they're interchangeable. Since the Portege is a Euro phone, it has Euro prongs so you'll need a prong adapter to plug it in (sold at Radio Shack for $5 if your vendor doesn't supply one).. It's not the perfect smartphone, but then there isn't one out there yet. It does offer a very pleasing combination of style, portability, a great touch screen and a full set of features for the power user: GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth 2.0, FM radio and a 3 megapixel camera with autofocus.. Pro: Great looks, light and not too large. For a gloss touch-screen phone, the screen doesn't get as mucked up with fingerprints compared to similar phones. Excellent touch screen coupled with excellent Spb touch-friendly software titles that enhance Windows Mobile's usability and fun factor. Display is very bright, sharp and colorful. The Toshiba G810 has every feature you'd expect in a high end phone, and the features work well. Good GPS, excellent camera, fast 3G HSDPA on US bands and a great FM radio. The bundled extras: Picsel Viewer, Image Editor and OCR for the camera (Image to Text) are nice additions.. Con: Incoming call volume is a bit low and voice quality on both ends isn't as good as most HTC PDA phones and smartphones. Camera capture time is slow at highest resolutions. Video capture isn't nearly as impressive as still shots. Speaker isn't very loud for music playback (it's louder for most anything else though). Display: 64K color flush. 240 x 320, supports both portrait and landscape modes.. Battery: 1530 mAh Lithium. Uses mini-USB connector 5v 1amp charger like HTC devices. Claimed talk time: 4 hours in 3G mode, 5.5 hours in GSM mode. Performance: 400 MHz Qualcomm MSM7200 processor. 128 MB RAM, 256 MB flash ROM.. Phone: Unlocked GSM quad band world phone 850/900/1800/1900MHz. Triband world 3G HSDPA with HSUPA 850/1900/2100MHz bands.. Camera: 3MP with autofocus lens, LED flash and self-portrait mirror that takes photos and video. GPS: Yes, GPS with aGPS.. in speaker, mic and mini-USB stereo headphone. Voice Recorder and Windows Pocket Media Player 10 included for your MP3 pleasure.. WiFi 802.11b/g and Bluetooth 2.0+EDR. Bluetooth profiles: A2DP, AVRC, hands-free, headset, Object Push, HID, Generic (GAP), serial port, PAN.. Mobile 6.1 Professional Edition operating system with customized versions of Spb Mobile Shell, Pocket Plus and Full Screen Keyboard.. Microsoft Mobile Office suite including Mobile versions. of Word, Excel, PowerPoint (PowerPoint is view only), Internet. Also, SIM Toolkit, Certificate Enroller, Internet Sharing, Terminal Services, MSN. Instant Messenger for Pocket PC, Windows Media Player. 10, Solitaire, Bubble Breaker (game), Voice Recorder. Camera, Wireless Manager, Picsel Viewer, Streaming media player, Image Editor, Image to Text (OCR application that works with the camera), Task Manager, customized phone dialer, BlackList (call blacklisting), FM radio and A-GPS (downloads data that speeds GPS fix time).. ActiveSync 4.5 and Outlook trial for PCs included.. microSD card slot supporting SDHC high capacity cards.. SAR Rating: 0.684 W/kg .. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1 result for "Toshiba G810". See all results for Toshiba G810 .. 1530mAh Battery For Portege G810 TS-BTR007, PA3187C-1BAL. 5% off purchase of 1 items See Details. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Rated by : 62 user(s). Retail Price: N/A AP Price: N/A. Toshiba G810 is a PocketPC powered by Qualcomm MSM7200 (400MHz) processor,utilizing 256MB of ROM and 128MB RAM.The G810 runs on Windows Mobile Professional OS.It is also equipped with built-in GPS and A-GPS.. Review On : Toshiba Portege G810. Review by Dmitry Ryabinin ( smape.com). One cannot speak of posing any serious competition to Touch Cruise from this point of view; the sales volume of HTC is much more significant. It’s a question of technological competition, since the new gadgets are really similar to each other especially in their stuffing. Moreover, for the first time Toshiba implemented in G810 a smooth front panel featuring no screen-to-body transition. It allows you to install TouchFLO and enjoy an advanced functionality of the shell (for more details refer to xdadevelopers.com). As a result we get very close rivals, but G810 is offered at a more affordable price, runs the latest version of the operating system, etc. We’ll dwell upon the comparison of the models in a more detailed way later on, as well as upon the marketing prospects of the Japanese gadget, and now let’s move to reviewing the latter. HTC Touch Diamond / Toshiba G810. HTC Touch Cruise / Toshiba G810. Brightness and view angles: Toshiba G810 / HTC Touch Cruise. In the sunlight: Toshiba G810 / HTC Touch Cruise. The advanced blacklisting application comes in the first place. It comes under the name of BlackList Settings and allows for not only blocking or unblocking certain contacts, but also doing that on the schedule - both by week and by time, which is very convenient. The application’s ability to handle the contacts from the user memory only and not those from the SIM-card can be considered a minus. Besides, before rejecting it gives a single beep and then the engaged signal, as though you press the reject button every time; it would be more reasonable to indicate that the dialed number is switched off or outside the coverage area. Photo samples taken with Toshiba G810 at maximum quality settings:. HTC Touch Cruise / Toshiba G810. HTC Touch Diamond / Toshiba G810. G810 is the second one to appear at retail in about mid June and will become the most mass-oriented smartphone by Toshiba, looking a bit alien against the background of the WM product line of the manufacturer. Being the closest counterpart to HTC Touch Cruise, the Japanese new gadget is remarkable for a number of points. It’s the first handset running WM6.1, the slimmest smartphone in its class, one of the few devices based off the Microsoft platform and sporting touch controls, etc. Innovations are really great in number, but let’s repeat once again that the product is oriented at the mass market. The price being about 50 euros lower than that of Touch Cruise, the new Toshiba gadget has every prospect of success; the crux of the matter is just a proper realisation of these possibilities.. At present the company isn’t a notable Windows Mobile market player at all. However if speaking of QWERTY-models alone, the situation is quite different here; G900 is a rational purchase even nowadays taking into consideration the corrected price for the model; G910 is also looking quite nice for its price. The volume of sales isn’t so much great yet. We suppose the market share of Toshiba to grow considerably after the release of G810, but remain below the level of not only the E-TEN and ASUS "second-echelon" leaders, but also the succeeding Gigabyte.. The sales package is planned to be typical: the handset itself, a charger and a headset, as well as a printed manual and a Software disk. No memory card is expected to come bundled, which is quite traditional for Windows Mobile smartphones. And nothing is known about the navigation software yet, for this aspect is being negotiated (half a month before the date of release, which is quite odd). Qualcomm gps is shipped to Europe and Garmin is preferred for a number of other local markets, but it’s an intermediate variant and one cannot say for sure that it will remain ultimate. By the way, everything isn’t quite all right with the above-mentioned Touch Cruise here; the HTC smartphone comes with a preinstalled CoPilot application provoking much censure (after TomTom has been replaced because of the lack of localization).. Toshiba G810 is implemented in the classical candy bar form-factor most widespread with the WM devices. The only available coloring is black. The PDA-phone employs a soft-touch coating everywhere, except for the front panel (glossy plastic) and the side edges (matte plastic). The face panel of G810 is most remarkable; it’s smooth, like with the Touch series models by HTC. But in contrast to the latter ones, there are no transitions at all here because of the set of touch controls. It looks interesting and unusual for WM.. The touch controls are backlit with a bright blue light, which adds stylishness to the handset’s design. The elements don’t get lost in the sun’s glare, since they are doubled with a stencil on the substrate. The idea of replacing hardware keys with touch-sensitive controls is rather ambiguous and has both the supporters and opponents. The number of the latter ones is larger, that’s why the Nokia world telecom leader doesn’t go further than NaviWheel. Having begun from LG Chocolate, the technology remained mostly a prerogative of the Korean companies.. In our opinion, the concept of Sony Ericsson is most correct. It combines both the technologies, endowing the touch controls with optional functionality. The recent C902 cameraphone can be considered a vivid example of such approach (Sony Ericsson C902 review). Its touch controls are dedicated to "quick" functions of the key feature; the functions can be called through the context menu as well, which is reasonable. As to G810, there is no alternative here, but let’s repeat that it’s quite rare to see touch controls on WM gadgets in general and the main credit for such models goes to Toshiba.. Besides the aesthetical aspect, one more advantage of implementing touch controls in G810 is that you don’t need to make any efforts when pressing the navigation or call controls; the so-called light touch is enough. And as for disadvantages, they are greater in number. Let’s begin with the lack of a blocking button; moreover, the system isn’t capable of blocking touch controls while in talk mode. Besides, you won’t manage to quickly turn on the smartphone by pressing any key; you need only the respective one on the left edge, which is in charge for that. By the way, it’s small and inconvenient, its location being not too reasonable. The ergonomics suffers as a result.. The stylus design can be also considered among disadvantages. For some reason the Japanese genius thought the traditional approach to it too plain and implemented the element as a part of the body edging. As a result the pen just sticks out a little bit above the right edge surface. You will encounter a big problem of taking the stylus out of the pen holder with wet or greasy hands and nails won’t help you. The pen itself is curved to fit the casing, which doesn’t add to the ergonomics either. Is all this a good substitute for such an unordinary solution and the aesthetic pleasure of having a stylus combined with a casing? In our opinion, the Toshiba wizards have made a clear mistake here.. The arrangement of side-positioned elements is typical. We’ve already mentioned an awkward location of the power button, the rest doesn’t cause such problems; everything is ok. The sound volume rocker is put nearby on the left edge and the soft-reset socket is a bit higher, while the memory expansion slot - a bit lower. The latter features full support for hot-swapping. On the right edge besides the awkward stylus holder and the pen itself in the upper part, the voice recorder and camera rocker button is placed a bit lower as well as the interface slot. The latter is of the miniUSB standard (with Mass Storage support) and is combined with an audio output. What kept the designers from using a separate 2.5 mm headset slot remains a puzzle, but such solution proves not too practical.. The camera lens and the nearby block (a flash and a small self-portrait mirror) stick out a bit above the back surface of the casing. This may cause serious photo quality degradation due to the worn protective cover; the truth is, nothing of the kind occurred for two weeks of testing. But this projection prevents sound from being distorted (the speaker is placed nearby). The rear side doesn’t tend to get easily soiled thanks to the rubberized coating whereas the solution of the front panel isn’t much practical from this point of view – it suffers from fingerprints and other marks all over the surface, which spoils the appearance.. Let's compare to HTC Touch Cruise:. Let's compare the cameras in Toshiba G810, HTC Touch Cruise and Diamond:. Toshiba G810 is based off the Qualcomm platform having considerable potential, particularly in the matter of connectivity. As a result it’s rather difficult to find any fault here, everything is perfectly implemented indeed; there is even an FM-tuner. The gadget is designed to operate in GSM 850/900/1800/1900 and UMTS 850/1900/2100 networks; it supports GPRS/EDGE as well as HSUPA. The company put an especially strong accent upon the latter feature, but the data transfer rate depends greatly upon the networks and in some regions is much lower than the standard 3.6Mbps.. The wire communication is done through USB1.1 that makes use of the miniUSB slot. The data transfer speed is average; it’s typical of Toshiba. On the other hand Mass Storage is supported, which allows using the smartphone as a card-reader. There is a separate USB-to-PC setting with the following variants of USB Mode:. The wireless communication is represented by a Bluetooth 2.0 + EDR (Enhanced Data Rate) unit and Wi-Fi. Both work without any problems whatsoever. A2DP enjoys a perfect implementation - the sound is loud, of a high quality, the signal never gets interrupted. Unfortunately, the audio signal transmission doesn't stop on the release of connection; the integrated speaker is automatically activated, which is typical of WM. In addition to A2DP, the following Bluetooth profiles are supported:. The wireless communication is represented by the Bluetooth 2.0 + EDR (Enhanced Data Rate) module and Wi-Fi. Both work without any problems whatsoever. A2DP enjoys a perfect implementation - the sound is loud, of a high quality, the signal never gets interrupted. Unfortunately, the audio signal transmission doesn't stop on the release of connection; the integrated speaker is automatically activated, which is typical of WM. In addition to A2DP, the following Bluetooth profiles are supported:. G810 comes with a total of 256 Mb ROM and 128 Mb RAM. It’s quite sufficient for basic functionality, but no more than that. Unfortunately, no memory card comes bundled, so it is to be purchased separately. The memory card slot uses the microSD standard, the most popular variant for the time being; the officially announced card capacity maximum is 4 Gb. SD 2.0 full compatibility is stated. As we’ve already mentioned, the handset keeps a full support for hot swapping.. One shouldn’t think that only exacting users need 128 Mb of RAM for "heavy" tasks; pitifully enough, but these are demands of the times. Suffice it to remember that a simple IE takes 4-5 Mb a page and many people use expansions for launching up to four tabs simultaneously, which makes as much as 15-20 Mb. WM itself takes no less than 25 Mb without applications.. In the upshot it becomes clear that 64 Mb is quite sufficient, provided you pay attention to the list of launched applications – you should promptly shut the "heaviest" of them. You cannot avoid such multitasking compromise without 128 Mb. That’s why it was very nice of Toshiba to catch the tendency from the times of their first G900 smartphone and remain true to themselves until now.. The element is powered by the TFT technology, has a diagonal of 2.8”; the color depth is 65K colors. The image quality is good, but yielding to the said Cruise in color rendering – the white color doubtlessly tints blue. For this very reason G810 looks a bit brighter, but things fall into place at an angle – the HTC brainchild is ahead.. The view angles are good, but Cruise is better again. The screen info stays quite legible in the sunlight; nevertheless the picture tends to get noticeably distorted. For the present WM is lagging seriously behind the said Nokia smartphones in this aspect. Even HTC hardly makes any progress here.. Toshiba G810 is a WM 6.1 based smartphone, that’s why it sports all the basic functionality of the updated software set from Microsoft (Windows Mobile 6.1 Professional: the new OS update spotlighted as native part of Toshiba G810). The preinstalled firmware applications are the only difference and in our case they are nice.. Image to Text, as you can easily guess, is an image recognition function that works using photos taken with the camera and is equally compatible both with namecards and ordinary texts. The ability of recognition moderate; so you’d better not be counting on any decent results. We hope that Toshiba will improve this aspect. The same concerns the Image Editor application – a simple graphics editor that allows you doing only primitive actions.. Finally, the G810 software set includes Spb Mobile Shell 2.0 and Spb Touch Screen that make an alternative to TouchFLO and spare Toshiba the necessity to develop their own shell. The element is one of the key features of Toshiba G810. The model is equipped with a powerful 3Mp autofocusing camera, which is quite a match to the previous-gen cameraphones - Nokia N73, Sony Ericsson K790i and Samsung D900. It’s quite decent for a PDA-phone; even the latest hi-end model by HTC - Touch Diamond - is equipped similarly. The solution is new for Toshiba; the units were simpler before – 2 Mp. Meanwhile, the closest Cruise has comparable specifications and it’s practice that differs – the HTC device is just a little bit ahead.. As we’ve already mentioned, the objective sticks out a bit above the surface of the casing that’s why it’s highly advised to handle the gadget with care - the dirt getting on the glass may cause serious photo quality degradation; there is no lens guard. The shooting aspect is horizontal; a large touchscreen is used for controls and settings. The button is two-positioned; the exponometer settings are very flexible. The phone is able of taking pictures at resolutions up to 2048x1536 and shoot video clips at resolutions up to 352x288. A 4x digital zoom is available.. It’s evident that the new HTC smartphone sports a good quality of shooting, but no more than that. It is doubtlessly yielding not only to the best solutions on the market, but to similar 3 Mp handsets as well. The value of G810 is in the integrated approach - in addition to a large number of functions you also get a camera of a rather high quality – it looks more like a compromise. The solution can be taken for an achievement only in the framework of the Windows Mobile platform, yielding a bit to Cruise as it has been already mentioned. And the main screen interface is rather ambiguous, not too convenient because of the minimum of icons; it can be clearly seen even on the screenshots:. The hardware part of Toshiba G810 is based off the Qualcomm MSM7200 CPU operating at a frequency of 400 MHz – exactly the same one is used in HTC Touch Cruise; the more interesting it is to compare the models. The ARM11 core is providing for a decent performance. Cruise is lagging a little behind in all testing modes due to the weaker implementation of Qualcomm and the previous version of the operating system.. The new gadget makes use of a 1530 mAh battery. Our testing revealed excellent results: the device in fact stays without recharging for about two or three days of standard duty cycle.. We compared the results of looped Multimedia playback to HTC Touch Cruise; the Toshiba brainchild is ahead.. Toshiba G810 is planned for release in mid-June; the delay is reasoned by carrying over the beginning of G910 sales into the end of May. The retail price is expected to make 485 euros (RM 2,470), which is about 50 euros cheaper than that of the closest competitor - HTC Touch Cruise. The price 'trump' plays a significant role when the other specs are equal. And the latter ones are even superior here, especially the battery lifetime.. In any case the HTC handset will enjoy more public attention because of a more powerful and recognizable brand and an earlier release. However, if Toshiba will be able to correctly present the main advantages of their product, they will get positive sales volume for the class; there is sufficient potential for that.. Unless delivery is delayed, G810 will become the first WM6.1 gadget available in retail. At the same time it’s one of the few WM-smartphones sporting touch controls. Finally, the casing is slimmer than with the majority of the rivals of the same class (such as Cruise), and the battery lifetime ranks among the best ones due to the more capacious battery and the new optimized version of the operating system.. The new Japanese handset isn’t a unique product, but therein lies the value. It’s a well-known time-proved combination offering you some nice bonuses, which we have noted out. The model will become most popular in the company’s portfolio, but on the scale of WM it will enjoy just good sales, at least because it starts selling second after Cruise, the price for which will be gradually getting down.. Toshiba G810 is a top-class navigation smartphone for exacting and well-to-do users. It’s an alternative to the more eminent and earlier-released HTC Touch Cruise implemented in a different design and offered at a €50 lower price. In any case before purchasing the handset we’d advise you to personally try out the ergonomics (first of all a stylus/stylus-holder and a touch-sensitive navigation panel). G810 is rather controversial in these aspects. Exterior and Design Internals Software Camera Multimedia Performance. Hotlink's First-Ever Postpaid Plan Gives You Unlimited Calls & SMS With No Contract. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ Malaysia Pricing Revealed, Starting From RM3,299. Specifications roundup for the Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S. Benchmark numbers for the MediaTek Helio P60 are out. Further Xiaomi Mi 7 details release. Huawei memperkenalkan kereta yang dipandu oleh Huawei Mate 10 Pro. MWC 2018 : Cara untuk menonton majlis pelancaran Asus ZenFone 5. Samsung Galaxy S9 mampu beroperasi selama sehari setengah tanpa pengecasan. Apple mengeluarkan kemaskini iOS 11.2.6 bagi membaiki iPhone yang terpadam secara tiba-tiba. Huawei Mate 10 kini boleh dimiliki pada harga RM 2,299 sahaja. 
February 26th, 2018 Apple RF Safety Accessories. Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Youtube Tumblr. SAR : Qualcomm MSM 7200 400 MHz processor. RAM : 128 MB RAM. Storage : 256 MB ROM. Display : TFT resistive touchscreen, 65K colors, 320 x 240 pixels, 2.83 inches. Camera : 3.15 MP, 2048x1536 pixels, autofocus. OS : Microsoft Windows Mobile 6.0 Professional. USA Legal Limit is 1.6 W/kg - FCC SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue.. European Legal Limit is 2.0 W/kg - EU SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over TEN grams of simulated biological tissue.. 110 x 58 x 14 mm. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). 320 x 240 pixels, 2.83 inches. Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device. Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices. Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Qualcomm MSM 7200 400 MHz processor. Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol. Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions. Standby Time is the total amount of time that you can leave your is fully charged, turned on and ready to send and receive calls or data transmissions before completely discharging the battery. Talk Time is the longest time that a single battery charge will last when you are constantly talking on the phone under perfect conditions, Ambient temperature and highly dependent on the cellular network environment such as the distance to the closest cell network tower.. USA Legal Limit is 1.6 W/kg - FCC SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over ONE gram of simulated biological tissue.. European Legal Limit is 2.0 W/kg - EU SAR testing is measured in watts per kilogram (or W/kg) averaged over TEN grams of simulated biological tissue.. Be the first to add a Review. What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device?. Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Music and video players, playback quality, speaker sound and handsfree options. What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life?. Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. When you call someone, what is the voice quality you hear or vice versa, is speakerproduct working good during calls. What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing?. Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications?. What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this device.. Bluetooth Headset Dongle For 3.5 MM Air-tube Headsets. $ 19.99 $ 15.99. Law Enforcement Style Mono Ear Hook Acoustic Tube Headset (Single Bud). $ 14.99 $ 4.99. Law Enforcement Style Stereo Ear Hook Acoustic Tube Headset (Dual Bud). $ 24.99 $ 9.99. RF Safe Mono Air Tube Headset (Single Bud). RF Safe Stereo Air Tube Headset (Dual Buds). $ 3.99 $ 1.99. Medium Pocket Shield – Two Layer Shielding Pouch. Large Pocket Shield – Two Layer Shielding Pouch. More Cell Phones From Toshiba. Apple iPhone X Radiation Safety Package. Apple iPhone 8 Radiation Safety Package. Apple iPhone 8 Plus Radiation Safety Package. Samsung Galaxy S8 Radiation Safety Package. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Radiation Safety Package. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus. Apple iPhone 8 Plus vs Apple iPhone X SAR Levels. Apple iPhone 8 vs Apple iPhone 8 Plus. Essential PH-1 vs Apple iPhone 7. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus. Samsung Galaxy S8 vs iPhone 7. NTP Study: Different Frequencies Used By AT&T’s GSM and Sprint’s CDMA May Cause Different Cancers. Wireless Industry admits it’s likely cell phone radiation warnings will be seen all across the country. Cancer expert says science merits need to reclassify phone radiation as a “Group 1 carcinogenic to humans”. RF Safe F-Series vs G-Series Phone Radiation Cases. RF Safe swiftly moves graphene from research lab to consumer marketplace with health conscious smartphone case. Study, ‘LOW SAR’ Non-Thermal Wireless Radiation Levels Can Be MORE Dangerous. Safesleeve Case Misleads Consumers For Years Until Exposed By California News Channel Review. Top Apple Investors Demand Action to Avert Smartphones Risk for Children. iPhone X SAR level is still unknown to public after being announced before FCC approval. Paradigm Shift Has Begun NTP Study on Cell Phones and Cancer. RF Safe™ and Peel-n-Shield™ are Trademarks of RF Safe Corporation. © RF Safe™ 1998-2017. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. TOSHIBA g810 - Wm6.5 5.2.21234 wwe from portegeclub! by lolloxda. Upgrading, Modifying and Unlocking XDA Assist About xda-developers.com General Paid Software Announcement and Discussion. Questions and Answers Device Reviews and Information Connected Car Security Discussion Accessories Networking XDA Developer TV XDA-University Off-topic Project Ara Hardware Hacking General Android TV Raspberry Pi Hacking NFC Hacking Google Chromecast. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. TOSHIBA g810 - Wm6.5 5.2.21234 wwe from portegeclub!. By lolloxda , Member on 9th July 2009, 04:04 PM. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 Now Officially Receiving the Android Oreo Update >. Honor 9 Lite and Huawei P Smart Kernel Sources have been released >. How the Kirin 970 Uses AI to Take Better Photos >. Join Date: Joined: May 2009. Works great, all function like 6.1 but more!. I write other comment when possible. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2006. Anyone else tried this WM6.5 ROM on the Toshiba G810 yet?. Do you have the detail instructions how to upgrade using this ROM? (Am abit concern might brick my TG810.). Join Date: Joined: May 2009. I found 2 problem on this rom:. 1 SMS not work, not receive no send....... 2 Sound of event (sms, mms, beep error etc....) no work properly... Other function work fine (wifi, gps .....). Pocket Explorer works fine, very good e pretty!. Join Date: Joined: Jun 2009. Dear people, here is the link for windows mobile 6.5 ROM for toshiba portege g810 (Official possible). Or you may check back at portegeclub. The ROM update utility requires Active sync 4.5 from microsoft. Please update ROM from windows XP (any, x64 or x86), update failed from my Windows 7 (x64), however I had to hard reset my device to perform Rom upodate. I updated my ROM for my Portege 810 (UK) successfully to Windows mobile 6.5, and this one is complete with english language. It updates like official ROM update utility package. Tested it and and worked fine, no problems at all. Update instructions can be found here:. Hope you do this quickly, as this this had been much awaited.. Join Date: Joined: Feb 2008. My Devices: Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. Tried to update, everything goes right until first reboot, then Vista is asking for drivers and installing them... In the meantime, the update utility reports that the connexion has failed. From there, black screen, cannot finish the update, the device is not recognized anymore by the PC and I cannot find any way to force recovery. Join Date: Joined: Jul 2009. Join Date: Joined: Feb 2008. My Devices: Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. Is there a way as for the Touch cruise to put the phone in recovery mode (camera button + reset for the polaris) or something like that?. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2009. Been working fantastic for 5 day, Windows Mobile 6.5 is a vast improvement, switched off for a flight and urned phone back on the Touchscreen is not working, works to allow Hard Reset but not to use functions in Windows Mobile, anyone had similar problem or solution ??. Join Date: Joined: May 2005. Look like similar problem with me.. My Toshiba Protege G810 die (Brick) after following this risky steps.. Contact Toshiba Service Centre here in Malaysia, they said due to that problem, I need totally change the Motherboard which is cost same as new unit. Conclusion, is there any solution to UNBrick and give 2nd life for the Toshiba Protege G810 ? If not probably I gonna throw it into the Trash Bin... Tried to update, everything goes right until first reboot, then Vista is asking for drivers and installing them... In the meantime, the update utility reports that the connexion has failed. From there, black screen, cannot finish the update, the device is not recognized anymore by the PC and I cannot find any way to force recovery. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Upgrading, Modifying and Unlocking by ThreadRank. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. [Tutorials] How To Root Lenovo K8 Note & Install TWRP(UnOfficial) + Stock Rom. [APP][PORT]LineageOS 15.1 Trebuchet (Laucher) for any ROM. [APP][5.0+] Rootless Pixel 2 Launcher with Google Now page working. [ROM] [ 8.1.0 ] Official madOS - Vernee Apollo Lite & X [MT6797]. TOSHIBA g810 - Wm6.5 5.2.21234 wwe from portegeclub! by lolloxda. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. The Toshiba G810 is the first Windows Mobile handheld to be the result of a collaboration with a software company (Spb Software House).. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Toshiba Portege M800 video review from stuff.tv. First Look Reviews: Toshiba TG01 Touchscreen Mobile Phone. Nokia 8 Pro insane penta-lens camera, Pixel 2 runs hot & more - Pocketnow Daily. LG V30S+ ThinQ Hands-On: "Dat Name Tho!". No breaks for Huawei or HTC | #PNWeekly 292. Alcatel MWC 2018 Hands-On: 5 Phones, 3 Minutes, 1 Video. Android P to embrace "the notch," iOS 12 apps for macOS & more - Pocketnow Daily. iPhone SE 2 design, specs and dates, Huawei Mate SE & more - Pocketnow Daily. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
> Mobile World > Handhelds. Toshiba G810 Coming on June 20. Toshiba, the well-known Japanese high-tech products manufacturer, will release its latest smartphone, the Toshiba G810, on June 20. This launch date coincides with what the company has said back in February, when the G810 was first announced.. To start with, it seems that the G810 will be released only in Taiwan and Hong Kong, but the Japanese company will surely also offer the smartphone in most parts of the global market later on. An explanation for this is to be found in the quad-band GSM (850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz) and tri-band HSDPA (850 / 1900 / 2100 MHz) connectivity packed into the device, which makes it suitable for about any mobile network from most of the countries around the globe. Sure, the G810 won't work on CDMA networks, but since most of the countries have at least one GSM / HSDPA network, the smartphone can be commercialized, as I said, almost everywhere.. Toshiba G810 comes with a simple design but that suits it very well. The device weighs 120 grams and measures 110 x 58 x 14 millimeters - which is not much, considering the fact that it's almost a Pocket PC.. Among the features that Toshiba packed into the elegant G810, we have: a 2.8-inch touchscreen display with 240 x 320 pixels and 65K colors, an intuitive user interface, GPS plus A-GPS, Wi-Fi, a 3.15 Megapixel camera with auto focus and video recording, secondary camera for video calls, Bluetooth 2.0, Music player, FM radio (RDS included), USB and microSD card support.. The smartphone runs on Windows Mobile 6.1, therefore it brings applications like Pocket Office, Outlook, Internet Explorer and Windows Media Player.. In conclusion, Toshiba G810 looks like a good option for users in need of a nice-looking and high-featured Pocket PC. For the time being, its retail price is not known, but it will most probably be over $500 (325 Euros).. # Toshiba G810 # Toshiba # G810 # smartphone. Toshiba Sportio, the Fatty Mobile Trainer. Japan Doesn't Know What the iPhone Is. Toshiba Portege G810 Close to a Release. Cosmic Shiner Luxury Handset From Toshiba. Huawei’s New Matebook X Pro Makes Apple’s MacBook Looks So Old. Windows Phones Show Up on Microsoft’s Website Out of Nowhere. Samsung’s Attempt to Make Fun of iPhone X Gets Zero Laughs. Full Windows 10 (ARM) Finally Up and Running on Windows Phone. The Year of Notch: Huawei P20 to Copy Controversial iPhone X Feature. Apple Drops Windows XP Support for iTunes Store. Lenovo Unveils Yoga 730, Yoga 530 Windows 10 Convertibles. Nokia Launches Nokia 8 Sirocco, Android One Phone with iPhone X Price Tag. Portable PSPad: A complex standalone application that was designed to function as a code editor for a wide array of programming languages, such as PHP or C++. PSPad: A small yet powerful programmer's editor that features syntax highlighting, HTML previewing and an FTP client, all packed within an intuitive GUI. ApexSQL Data Diff: A complex and powerful application that helps you perform SQL Server data comparisons and synchronizations with compatible backup files. FireAlpaca: A useful and fully-featured image editor that supports layers and other advanced features while remaining lightweight and user-friendly. LTspice: Simulate switching regulators and analog circuits with this application, which comprises a variety of components that you can integrate into your schemes. QiPress: Check out keystrokes and mouse clicks in a transparent panel which is fully customizable as you may change its background color, text size and color, and adjust the opacity. Moo0 FFmpeg: A custom build for FFmpeg on Windows, providing a powerful toolset for video and audio encoding, with lots of options to experiment with. Nokia Launches Nokia 8 Sirocco, Android One Phone with iPhone X Price Tag. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. 
Home » Products » Toshiba Portege G810 Review. Toshiba's Windows Mobile Portege G810 is reviewed. Does its Toshiba mask make it an HTC Touch beater?. The Toshiba Portege G810 is a fully-featured Windows Mobile 6.1 smartphone. Toshiba's hotly anticipated G810 certainly looks impressive with a large touchscreen and shocking blue touch sensitive buttons, but it's what's in the inside that counts and there's not much that goes amiss in this chunky beauty.. Measuring 110x58x14mm, the Toshiba Portege G810 is certainly not as sleek at the HTC Touch Diamond, but Toshiba doesn't do slim line and doesn't really need to if we're going to be frank.. What immediately becomes apparent when using the Portege G810 is that the Toshiba interface overlaid to hide Windows Mobile 6.1's quirks isn't advanced enough and WM 6.1's faults still are blatently obvious.. Although Windows Mobile is one of the most popular operating systems for smartphones, it's always a little hit and miss when compared to similar devices. This is especially noticeable when it comes to smooth operation. When switching between apps, the Toshiba G810 pauses and this is really irritating if you're trying to do something in a hurry, such as switching between email and making a phone call.. The screen on the Toshiba Portege G810 is nowhere as near as responsive as you'll find on HTC Touch devices and this may be because any technology similar to HTC's super-intuitive Touch FLO is missing, but surely when you tap a touchscreen it should do something? It's nigh on impossible to use the scroll bar or click on anything teetering on the edge of the page. So, into play come the touch sensitive keys below the screen, where you'll find all of the essential navigation keys should the touchscreen fail to impress.. In the centre, there's a four-way navigation key and to the left and right there are call answer and call end buttons. There is also a Windows shortcut key that will make the menu list appear as if by magic. Replacing that on the right hand side is the handy button that will take you back to the homescreen without trawling backwards through every menu option. Of course, directly below the screen on the left and right sides are customisable softkeys to take you to your most used features.. The homescreen is the usual Windows Mobile stuff, displaying all of the essential information including time, date, appointments, plus anything else you might want quick access to. From here, you can also launch the WiFi wizard to set up WiFi access points quickly and email (POP3, IMAP and Internet-based accounts).. Design-wise, the Toshiba G810 feels a little plasticky with a silvery faux metal finish, and a stylus tucked away in the casing. The stylus does however take up a lot of space and if you remove it from the casing, you'll be left with a sizeable hole in the side of your phone. You can't use your finger to control anything either because the interface is so fiddly, particularly when it comes to texting or writing emails. In this case, even the stylus is too fat.. Thanks to the addition of Windows Mobile 6.1, web surfing is seamless due to the upgraded Internet Explorer browser. Now you can zoom in and out of web pages super-quickly and navigating around the page is much simpler.. If connectivity is what you're after, Toshiba hasn't missed a trick with the Portege G810. There's HSDPA and HSUPA for high speed downloads and uploads (if your operator supports it), plus of course WiFi.. As is becoming pretty standard on most Windows Mobile devices, GPS is included in the package, although rather disappointingly, there's no TomTom or Garmin-style navigation software preloaded, so your best bet is to download Google Maps for free.. Although the Toshiba Portege G810 may not be the easiest handset in the world to use, it is feature rich, with almost everything packed in. It's not as stylish or as skinny as the HTC Touch, but if you're looking for a solid handset operating on Windows Mobile 6.1, go for this device. Shame it has no support from operators though as it'll set you back a pretty hefty sum of money SIM-free.. Toshiba Portege G810 Info. Runs on latest version of Window Mobile 6.1. Fully featured with WiFi and GPS. Pretty chunky in comparison to competitors. Verdict: A fantastically-featured smartphone running on Windows Mobile 6.1. Usability isn't the most advanced, but it's a good option if you're after GPS, WiFi, HSDPA and HSUPA all in one device.. More info: Toshiba website. Google Home Review – On Sale In US For $93. Facebook’s Millennial Exodus WILL Continue In 2018. How To Build An EPIC Home Office: 10 Things You'll Need!. Why Apple WILL NEVER Buy Netflix (Three Simple Reasons). The Best Smart Light Bulbs For Your Smart Home. The Best UK Deals on The BEST Phones. Samsung Galaxy S7 Android 8 Oreo Update LANDS (Sort Of...). UPDATE: Samsung KILLS Galaxy S8 Android Oreo Update. OnePlus 5T Review: INSANE Value For Money. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Review - The BEAST Is BACK. © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Know Your Mobile is a trademark of Felix Dennis.. Palm leaks details on the super-charged Windows-based Treo. Do not show recommendations again this session.. 
Mobium™GPS Navigation Software gets you where you’re going with turn-by-turn voice directions and street names, informing you of the distance to your destination, and the estimated drive time. The Instant Route feature takes the guesswork out of planning a route by allowing you to input the starting point and end point of any route and immediately receive detailed turn-by-turn navigation.. You Own Toshiba Portege G810 Windows Mobile Smartphone You need a full GPS Navigation Software Download Mobium GPS Software Now. Download Mobium for Toshiba Portege G810 Now. GPS Navigation Software- Toshiba Portege G810. Designed for rapid interaction with websites such as Flickr, Youtube and Facebook, the Toshiba Portege G810 keeps you in touch with friends and lets you organise your life in moments. Better still, it has the latest fast upload technology (HSUPA) so you can take photos and shoot videos with the 3 mega pixel camera and upload them to the web. And with up to 3.6Mbps download speeds via HSDPA, getting web content onto your phone takes seconds.. Toshiba Portege G810 Touch and organize. The smart touch screen and intuitive three-way menu system provide a fast and convenient way for you to access all your important information, such as contacts, email, Microsoft® Office Mobile applications, media files and more. Clever touch screen shortcuts let you perform tasks, like flicking through contacts and photos quickly. Portege G810 enlarged virtual keyboard also makes blogging and sending emails faster.. Download Mobium Now for Your WM Toshiba Portege G810 smartphone. ...The Toshiba Portege G810 is rife with features and high-end specs. It's got a very modern, elegant slate design in this year's hot finish: gloss black. What's not to like? Sure, it's not made by HTC, the largest ODM of Windows Mobile Pro devices, so you don't get that Toyota-like assurance (everyone's got one and they like it just fine, thank you). But if you hanker for something different from the crowd, something cooler looking than the HTC Touch Cruise, it's worth a look. The Portege G810 is a quad band GSM phone with worldwide 3G (yes, it works on AT&T's HSDPA 3G network here in the US) that's sold by importers since Toshiba doesn't market the device in the US... SmartPhone is a mobile phone offering advanced capabilities beyond a typical mobilephone, often with PC-like functionality. The next type of pocket-sized PC is the SmartPhone, which came after the Pocket PC. It does not rely as heavily on the touch screen and is intended for one-handed operation using a keypad. The WM 6 Standard operating system is designed specifically for the various types of SmartPhones available. Windows Mobile 6.5 New version of Windows Mobile?. Microsoft announced the next version of Windows Mobile software, Windows Mobile 6.5, at the Mobile World Congress held February 16, 2009. This version is not yet available from mobile operators. Toward the end of 2009, see your mobile operator’s web site for dates and details on when they will make Windows Mobile 6.5 phones available. Or sign up to receive "Your Mobile World," a monthly newsletter that will keep you current. Today, Windows Mobile 6.1 phones are the most up to date and are available from many mobile operators worldwide. For more information, see the press re lease.. Mobium Business Finder & POI Database. Check out our Mobium GPS Navigation System demo. © 2008 GeoMicro, Inc - Mobium GPS Navigation Software-. Irvine, CA 92602 - (714) 505-8868. Articles: Handheld GPS | Windows Mobile Platform | WM Software. 
Huawei Mate 10 and Mate 10 Pro. Samsung Galaxy Note8 display evaluated by DisplayMate. Sony Xperia XA1 Plus smartphone. Apple Park Visitor Center opened in Cupertino. LG Mobile launches Android-based Q6 smartphone series. LG Q6 designed to meet the needs and expectations of discerning millennial. Sony Xperia XA1 Plus smartphone. Huawei Mate 10 and Mate 10 Pro. Disruptive innovation often begins with bold dreams. Meet the Huawei Mate 10 smartphone series with powerful AI chipset. Samsung Galaxy Note8 display evaluated by DisplayMate. Samsung publishes Galaxy Note8 test results. DisplayMate is the industry standard of excellence for image and picture quality. Sony Xperia XA1 Plus smartphone. Apple Park Visitor Center opened in Cupertino. Apple Park Visitor Center opened in Cupertino. LG V30 flagship smartphone series receive ecolabel. Meet the latest Samsung consumer products at Galaxy Studios. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Enterprise Edition. Apple Park Visitor Center opened in Cupertino. LG V30 flagship smartphone series receive ecolabel. Meet the latest Samsung consumer products at Galaxy Studios. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Enterprise Edition. Sony Xperia XA1 Plus smartphone. Apple Park Visitor Center opened in Cupertino. LG V30 flagship smartphone series receive ecolabel. Meet the latest Samsung consumer products at Galaxy Studios. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Enterprise Edition. Sony Xperia XA1 Plus smartphone. Smartphone manufacturers continuously introduce new devices. Weâll keep you informed on all the latest news and offer you the ability to buy electronics at a cheap price. © 2005 - 2018 LetsGoMobile - member of the IFJ (International Federation of Journalists). 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. El Toshiba G810 es un teléfono celular cuatribanda GSM Pocket PC phone con soporte tribanda HSDPA. Posee una pantalla sensible al tacto TFT de 65k colores, cámara de 3 megapixels con autofocus, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 2.0 y ranura microSD para memoria. El móvil corre sobre Windows Mobile 6 empujado por un procesador de 400 MHz.. Reviews de usuarios del Toshiba G810. No hay experiencias de usuarios del Toshiba G810. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100. 110 x 58 x 14 mm. 320 x 240 pixels, 2.83 pulgadas. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - Procesador Qualcomm MSM7200, 400 MHz. 3.15 MP, 2048x1536 pixels, autofocus, video. - Pocket Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, visor PDF). Hay 1 opiniones del Toshiba G810 .. Para introducir los numeros de la agenda tef en este movil, existe alguna opcion para hacerlo via Bluetooth desde un movil Nokia, o existe algun programa de sincronizacion de datos como el de nokia, compatible uno con otro para transferirlos?. Una de las formas de que dispone es a traves del Outlook, pero no uso. No creo que tenga que meterlos uno a uno!!! o si?. Ver todas las Opiniones del Toshiba G810 - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 1. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Toshiba G810. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Toshiba G810. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Toshiba G810 a otros usuarios. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books, Comics & Magazines Business, Office & Industrial Cameras & Photography Cars, Motorcycles & Vehicles Clothes, Shoes & Accessories Coins Collectables Computers/Tablets & Networking Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs, Films & TV Events Tickets Garden & Patio Health & Beauty Holidays & Travel Home, Furniture & DIY Jewellery & Watches Mobile Phones & Communication Music Musical Instruments Pet Supplies Pottery, Porcelain & Glass Property Sound & Vision Sporting Goods Sports Memorabilia Stamps Toys & Games Vehicle Parts & Accessories Video Games & Consoles Wholesale & Job Lots Everything Else. Hello ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Sell Help & Contact. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages Collect & Spend Learn more. All listings - Current page. Save toshiba g810 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow toshiba g810 to stop getting updates on your eBay feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. United Kingdom - UK Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. for TOSHIBA G810 Black Executive Wallet Pouch Case with Magnetic Fixation. for TOSHIBA G810 Red Executive Wallet Pouch Case with Magnetic Fixation. for TOSHIBA G810 Bicycle Bike Handlebar Mount Holder Waterproof. for TOSHIBA G810 Case Pocket Sleeve Bag Lanyard Tablet Smartphone. Pouch Holster or Belt Clip or Armband for TOSHIBA G810. for TOSHIBA G810 Funda Azul Cinturon Universal Multiusos. for TOSHIBA G810 Funda Roja Cinturon Universal Multiusos. for TOSHIBA G810 Blue Pouch Bag XXM 18x10cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Brown Pouch Bag XXM 18x10cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Reflecting Cover Armband Wraparound Sport Waterproof. for TOSHIBA G810 Black Pouch Bag XXM 18x10cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Brown Pouch Bag Case Universal Multi-function al. for TOSHIBA G810 Black Pouch Bag 16x9cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Beige Pouch Bag 16x9cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Purple Pouch Bag 16x9cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Funda Negra Cinturon Universal Multiusos. for TOSHIBA G810 Blue Pouch Bag 16x9cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Pouch Bag Case XL Universal Multi-function al. Waterproof Shockproof Mobile Phone Case Cover Pouch for Sony Toshiba Smartphone. for TOSHIBA G810 Pouch Bag XXL 19x11cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Pouch Bag XXM 18x10cm Multi-function al Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Silver Armband Protective Case 30M Waterproof Bag Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Reflecting Cover Armband Wraparound Sport. Battery for Toshiba Satellite S875-S7136 S875-S7140 Laptop 8800mAh. for TOSHIBA G810 Armband Protective Case 30M Waterproof Bag Universal. for TOSHIBA G810 Universal Protective Beach Case 30M Waterproof Bag. Cover for TOSHIBA G810 Neoprene Waterproof Slim Carry Bag Soft Pouch Case. Battery for Toshiba Satellite S875-S7136 S875-S7140 Laptop 8800mAh. for TOSHIBA G810 Red Case Cover Cloth Carry Bag Chain Loop Closure. for TOSHIBA G810 Violet Case Cover Cloth Carry Bag Chain Loop Closure. for TOSHIBA G810 Neoprene Waterproof Slim Carry Bag Soft Pouch Case. for TOSHIBA G810 Blue Case Cover Cloth Carry Bag Chain Loop Closure. for TOSHIBA G810 Black Case Cover Cloth Carry Bag Chain Loop Closure. for TOSHIBA G810 Brown Case Cover Cloth Carry Bag Chain Loop Closure. for TOSHIBA G810 Pink Case Cover Cloth Carry Bag Chain Loop Closure. Premium Battery for TOSHIBA Portege G810, PA3187C-1BAL, TS-BTR007 Quality Cell. NEW Battery for Toshiba Portege G810 PA3187C-1BAL Li-Polymer UK Stock. UK Battery for Toshiba Portege G810 PA3187C-1BAL TS-BTR007 3.7V RoHS. High Quality Battery for Toshiba Portege G810 Premium Cell. 3.7V battery for TOSHIBA Portege G810, PA3187C-1BAL, TS-BTR007 Li-Polymer NEW. Toshiba 10.8V 4700mAh Battery PA3356U-3BRS G71C0004G810. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Black Executive Wallet Pouch Case with Magnetic Fixation. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Red Executive Wallet Pouch Case with Magnetic Fixation. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Bicycle Bike Handlebar Mount Holder Waterproof. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Case Pocket Sleeve Bag Lanyard Tablet Smartphone. See more like this Pouch Holster or Belt Clip or Armband for TOSHIBA G810. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Funda Azul Cinturon Universal Multiusos. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Funda Roja Cinturon Universal Multiusos. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Blue Pouch Bag XXM 18x10cm Multi-functional Universal. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Brown Pouch Bag XXM 18x10cm Multi-functional Universal. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Reflecting Cover Armband Wraparound Sport Waterproof. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Black Pouch Bag XXM 18x10cm Multi-functional Universal. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Brown Pouch Bag Case Universal Multi-functional. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Black Pouch Bag 16x9cm Multi-functional Universal. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Beige Pouch Bag 16x9cm Multi-functional Universal. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Purple Pouch Bag 16x9cm Multi-functional Universal. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Funda Negra Cinturon Universal Multiusos. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Blue Pouch Bag 16x9cm Multi-functional Universal. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Pouch Bag Case XL Universal Multi-functional. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Pouch Bag XXL 19x11cm Multi-functional Universal. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Pouch Bag XXM 18x10cm Multi-functional Universal. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Silver Armband Protective Case 30M Waterproof Bag Universal. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Reflecting Cover Armband Wraparound Sport. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Armband Protective Case 30M Waterproof Bag Universal. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Universal Protective Beach Case 30M Waterproof Bag. See more like this Cover for TOSHIBA G810 Neoprene Waterproof Slim Carry Bag Soft Pouch Case. See more like this Battery for Toshiba Satellite S875-S7136 S875-S7140 Laptop 8800mAh. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Red Case Cover Cloth Carry Bag Chain Loop Closure. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Violet Case Cover Cloth Carry Bag Chain Loop Closure. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Neoprene Waterproof Slim Carry Bag Soft Pouch Case. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Blue Case Cover Cloth Carry Bag Chain Loop Closure. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Black Case Cover Cloth Carry Bag Chain Loop Closure. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Brown Case Cover Cloth Carry Bag Chain Loop Closure. See more like this for TOSHIBA G810 Pink Case Cover Cloth Carry Bag Chain Loop Closure. We work out the trending price by crunching the data on the product’s sale price over the last 90 days.. We work out the trending price by crunching the data on the product’s sale price over the last 90 days. New refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, while Used refers to an item that has been used previously.. eBay Premium Service Excellent customer service as rated by buyers 30-day returns A free delivery option A fast delivery option Learn more. eBay Premium Service Excellent customer service as rated by buyers 30-day returns A free delivery option A fast delivery option Learn more. Mobile Phones, Smart Watches, Accessories & Communication. £ Enter minimum price to £ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international postage options and costs.. 
Terms Privacy Policy About Us Contact Us Disclaimer. Home TV Animal Planet NASA TV Decorah Eagles Live Al Jazeera English Al Jazeera Arabic Sky News Tech News Automobiles BioTechnology Media Technology Electronics‎ I.T Space Technology Gaming Smart Phones Apple BlackBerry HTC Huawei Lenovo LG Microsoft Motorola Nokia Oppo Samsung Sony Toshiba Xiaomi Songs Lyrics English Songs Lyrics Ariana Grande Becky G Demi Lovato Harry Styles Justin Beiber Katy Perry Miley Cyrus Nick Jonas Rihanna Selena Gomez Taylor Swift Entertainment TECH FAQs Android Solutions PC Windows Solutions iPhone Solutions Telecommunications. Breaking News Legendary Bollywood Actress Sridevi has Passed Away AMD has launched the Radeon Vega Frontier Edition GPU Nintendo’s new release Mini SNES Classic Edition and some FAQs Microsoft is going to release the latest Surface Laptop this week Microsoft launching the Project Scorpio’s Final Form Xbox One X at E3 2017 Easy and helpful 4 Google Translate features Microsoft Launches Centralized Deployment for Office 365 LG G4 and V10 will get the Android 7 Nougat Update soon in 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Prototype Dual Camera Leaks 4k Gaming Competition Xbox Project Scorpio Vs Sony PS4 Pro Upcoming Galaxy S8 features to the Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Top 5 Best of Latest Upcoming Xbox One Games 2017 Samsung is going to release millions of Samsung Galaxy S8 in this month The UpComing Microsoft Surface Phone is Powerful Gadget among SmartPhones Most Demanding PC Games Detailed Nokia 6 Camera Performance and Features AMD Vega graphics platform at CES 2017 Nokia sues Apple in Europe, US for alleged patent infringement Battle between Nokia Edge vs Sony Xperia XZ Windows 10 Tip: Get started with the Game Bar on your Windows 10 PC. NETWORK Technology GSM / HSPA 2G bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3G bands HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100 Speed HSPA 3.6/2 Mbps GPRS Class 10 EDGE Class 10 LAUNCH Announced 2008, February. Released 2008, September Status Discontinued BODY Dimensions 110 x 58 x 14 mm (4.33 x 2.28 x 0.55 in) Weight 120 g (4.23 oz) SIM Mini-SIM DISPLAY Type TFT resistive touchscreen, 65K colors Size 2.83 inches (~38.9% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 320 x 240 pixels (~141 ppi pixel density) PLATFORM OS Microsoft Windows Mobile 6.0 Professional Chipset Qualcomm MSM7200 CPU 400 MHz ARM 11 MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 8 GB Internal 128 MB RAM, 256 MB ROM CAMERA Primary 3.15 MP, 2048 x 1536 pixels, autofocus Video Yes Secondary Yes SOUND Alert types Vibration; Downloadable polyphonic, MP3 ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack No COMMS WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11b/g Bluetooth v2.0 GPS Yes, with A-GPS Radio Stereo FM radio with RDS USB Yes FEATURES Messaging SMS, EMS, MMS, Email Browser WAP 2.0/xHTML, HTML (IE) Java Yes, MIDP 2.0 – Pocket Office – MP3/ACC+ player – Photo editor – Voice memo – Organizer BATTERY Li-Ion 1530 mAh battery Stand-by Up to 200 h Talk time Up to 4 h MISC Colors Black. Share tweet. Next Toshiba G910 / G920. Toshiba Excite Write This is not a GSM device, it will not work on any …. Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus Samsung Galaxy S9 Sony Xperia L2 LG K10. How to Fix Windows 10 Taskbar Search Not Working How to Speed Up the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus How to Get and Use Microsoft Office on the iPad How to Fix a Frozen iPhone or iPad How to Free Up Space on Your Mac. TECHNOPLY is the Technology Knowledge and Entertainment Platform, where users can seem to have an great experience and acknowledge about new updates in technology.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. All Listings - Current page. results for toshiba g810 battery. Save toshiba g810 battery to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow toshiba g810 battery to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Battery 1530mAh For TOSHIBA Portege G810, type PA3187C-1BAL TS-BTR007. Battery For TOSHIBA Portege G810 (p/n PA3187C-1BAL, TS-BTR007) 1530mAh. PA3187C-1BAL, TS-BTR007 Battery For TOSHIBA Portege G810 (1530mAh). Battery for Toshiba Satellite S875-S7136 S875-S7140 Laptop 8800mAh. 1530mah battery for toshiba portege g810, type pa3187c-1bal ts-btr007. FT Sony Toshiba Velocity ViewSonic GPS/PDA MP3 MP4 DC Auto Car Adapter Charger. External battery charger for HP EliteBook Resolve 810 810 G1 HSTNN-IB4F. Home AC Adapter fit Toshiba Gigabeat / GPS/PDA Two-way Radio /Velocity Tablet /V. Toshiba M205-S809 M205-S810 M200-S838 Ac adapter Battery Charger Power Supply. 2 x pcs USB Cable fit Toshiba Gigabeat / GPS/PDA Two-way Radio / Velocity Tablet. NEW 3000mAh BL-51YF Battery Genuine LG G4 H810 H811 LS991 VS986 US991 Stylo. 4 x pcs USB Cable fit Toshiba Gigabeat / GPS/PDA Two-way Radio / Velocity Tablet. NEW 3000mAh BL-51YF Battery Genuine LG G4 G 4 H810 H811 LS991 VS986 US991 Stylo. 2 x pcs USB Cable fit TomTom GPS GO ONE Replacement Spare Power Cord Charging Sy. OEM 3000MAH Battery Spare Li-ion Power for LG G4 BL-51YF H810 H815 LS991 VS986. Battery for LG G4 3000mA BL-51YF H815 H811 H810 VS988 VS999 US991. 4 x pcs USB Cable fit TomTom GPS GO ONE Replacement Spare Power Cord Charging Sy. RaptorPower Replacement Battery for LG G4 BL-51YF H810 H812 LS991 VS986 3000mAh. 3000mAh BL-51YF Battery Genuine LG G4 H810 H811 LS991 VS986 US991 Stylo. Car Charger fit TomTom GPS GO ONE Replacement Auto boat adpater + USB Data Charg. Battery Charger Power Adapter for Toshiba Satellite C850-10X C660-11K C660-2EL. Home Ac adapter fit TomTom GPS GO ONE Replacement Home Wall Charger + USB Data C. Toshiba Satellite L40-10O L40-12X L40-13G Ac adapter Battery Charger Power. USB Cable fit TomTom GPS GO ONE Replacement Spare Power Cord Charging Sync Data. HSABAT BL-51YH BL-51YF 5550mAh Battery for LG G4 H810 VS999 V32 VS986 LS991 F500. Laptop AC Power Adapter for Toshiba Satellite P50-ABT2G22 Battery Charger Cord. TOSHIBA LED Light bulb E-CORE All direction type 810lm LDA8L-G/60W E26 Japan New. New toshiba NB100 NB100-01G NB100-10X Ac adapter Battery Charger Power Supply. for toshiba NB100 NB100-01G NB100-10X Ac adapter Battery Charger Computer. Battery Charger for LG G3 Tribute Transpyre LS660 VS880 VS810PP F60 BL-41A1H. Toshiba G71C0002S310 G71C0002S110 Battery Charger Power Supply Ac adapter. Toshiba P105 Bluetooth Board Module G86C0000A810. Genuine Leather Battery Back Cover & NFC LG G4 F500 H815 H810 H811 VS999 LS991. EU/US USB Battery Charger Home Wall Dock Adapter For LG G4 F500 H810 BL-51YF. Extended Battery for LG G4 H818 H810 H815Black Cover plus charger. OEM Battery For LG G Pad 8.3 VK810 V500 EAC62159101 BL-T10 4600mAh USA. 15V 4A/5A/6A NEW AC Adapter For Toshiba Laptop Battery Charger Power Supply Cord. NOS Industrial WWII OTC Battery Charger Continental Engine Exhaust Valve Rebuild. US Battery Charger Power Adapter For LG BL-51YF G4 H810 H815 VS986 LS991. Extended Battery for LG G4 H818 H810 H815 LS991 VS986 BL-51YF Black Cover. 1x New Battery For LG G4 battery replacement BL-51YF H810 H815 H811 VS986 3000mA. Toshiba TOSHIBA LED light bulb general bulb-type 810lm neutral white or e... 5 items found from eBay international sellers. A+++ QUALITY 100% Satisfaction Guaranteed, From Canada. GRADE A+ BATTERY CELLS☆☆24 MONTH WARRANTY☆☆FREE SHIP. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Not finding what you're looking for? Save toshiba g810 battery to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. ROM for Toshiba Portege G810 by katsudon. Upgrading, Modifying and Unlocking XDA Assist About xda-developers.com General Paid Software Announcement and Discussion. Questions and Answers Device Reviews and Information Connected Car Security Discussion Accessories Networking XDA Developer TV XDA-University Off-topic Project Ara Hardware Hacking General Android TV Raspberry Pi Hacking NFC Hacking Google Chromecast. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. By katsudon , Junior Member on 12th August 2008, 05:29 PM. Is there any ROM developed for Toshiba G810 yet...?. If not, would anyone be able to help me if I dumped the ROM from the device?. [Results are in] Honor Let the XDA Community Decide Which Intelligent Scenes Will be Added to their AI Camera >. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 receive AOSP Android Oreo ROMs thanks to Project Treble >. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 Now Officially Receiving the Android Oreo Update >. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2008. We could really use this dump... why dont you do it anyway and see what happens?. Is there any ROM developed for Toshiba G810 yet...?. If not, would anyone be able to help me if I dumped the ROM from the device?. Join Date: Joined: Mar 2008. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2008. can you tell me how to dump the rom?. i am a newbie of ppc. Join Date: Joined: Apr 2008. Updated rom can be downloaded here. Join Date: Joined: Feb 2009. My Devices: Samsung Galaxy Alpha , Sony Xperia Z3 Compact , LG Nexus 5X , HTC 10. Hep, Help, did anyone find out if we can get a 6.5 ROM for the new G810? Willing to donate as I am sure others would be as well.....thanks!. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2006. Yeah, me too! I'm willing to donate.. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2006. How to conserve Toshiba G810 battery life to optimum level.. Any of you guys who find that the Toshiba G810 has battery life issues - just install two program - acbPowerMeter (to monitor power usage patterns) and S2U2 (V1.4 above). Set S2U2 settings to lock phone and power off within 5-10sec. Play around with it to find your optimum settings. After that your battery will last 2days even with bluetooth turned on and average usage. If you still have Power drain issues, disable Tasbar Smart Gesture under SPB Mobile Shell which comes with Toshiba G810 and try again. I'm enjoying my Toshiba G810 now...and its better than the Iphone 3G is so many ways. The GPS rocks when I'm looking for directions via MapKing. And the 3MP camera takes pretty decent photos.. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2006. Toshiba G810 WM6.1 ROM (Malaysia) English available. You can now get the Toshiba G810 WM6.1 Malaysia English ROM at the following link -> http://www.toshiba.co.jp/product/ets...0/g810_rom.htm. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2006. Do you really want to upgrade Toshiba G810 to WM6.5 ROM - is it that great? Read trusted CNET reviews at - http://asia.cnet.com/reviews/handhel...2052130,00.htm. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2007. how do you install it? i have a russian version and would like to have an english rom. the link downloads an .exe file. do you just need to install it?. You can now get the Toshiba G810 WM6.1 Malaysia English ROM at the following link -> http://www.toshiba.co.jp/product/ets...0/g810_rom.htm. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Upgrading, Modifying and Unlocking by ThreadRank. [APP][ROOT] Pixel Launcher Mods - Icon Packs & more for the STOCK Pixel Launcher. [ROM] [ 8.1.0 ] Official madOS - Vernee Apollo Lite & X [MT6797]. [App][5.0+] Frost for Facebook [Open Source]. [APP] Pay Enabler (Android Pay on Oreo outside US/UK). Android Wear Software and Hacking General. [APP][PORT]LineageOS 15.1 Trebuchet (Laucher) for any ROM. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. [PORT] [8.0+] Dolby Atmos™ for Oreo 20180220 [Standard/Unity]. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. ROM for Toshiba Portege G810 by katsudon. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Currency = € Login to change currency. Home > Toshiba > Toshiba G810. Toshiba G450 G500 G710 G810 G900 G910. Continuous shooting Digital zoom Face detection HD video Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary camera megapixel. FM radio Music 3.5 mm audio jack Music file formats. Nokia Series 30+ Nokia Series 40 Other OS. You are not currently logged in. The information on the graph below is not accurate. Please log in to view accurate data.. You must install Flash Player 8 or above to view this chart. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. You have no phones selected for comparison.. To Select phones for comparison, please login.. 
ACPI Flash BIOS version 1.30 for Toshiba DX730/DX735 (PQQ10U). WinRAR self-extracting ZIP file includes both Windows-based and diskette based BIOS update installation options. See the included documentation for details.. The BIOS update will force the computer to shut down or restart. Please make sure to save all work in progress before starting BIOS updates. Power on the computer if it is off. While the "Toshiba" LOGO is displayed, press the F2 function key to start BIOS Setup. Check the version of BIOS and press the F9 function key then Enter to load setup defaults. Press the F10 function key then Enter to save settings and exit. Version 1.30 - 2012-04-28 Changed the logo spec from TOSHIBA to Qosmio when the 6th DMI digit is "L". Version 1.20 - 2011-10-17 Fixed: Disconnection of the Toshiba G810 connected via a USB 3.0 port after resuming from S3. Fixed: Password entry issue in BIOS Setup and HWSetup when using symbol keys on UK/FR/GR/JP USB keyboards. Made a change to prevent use of two remote controllers at the same time from adjusting the HDMI IN volume. Version 1.10 - 2011-09-30 Initial production BIOS for these models. Use of any software made available for download from this system constitutes your acceptance of the Export Control Terms and the terms in the Toshiba end-user license agreement both of which you can view before downloading any such software.. 
The server can not find the requested page:. Please forward this error screen to www.deshimobile.com's. 
Xiaomi may bring dual-rear camera to Mi 5s. HTC Desire 10 to be launched in Q3 2016?. New Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe variant is the first to sport Snapdragon 821. Samsung's developed a socket to support both micro-SD and UFS-based cards. Samsung confirms Galaxy Note 7 launch on August 2. Apple iPhone 7 may have a 1960 mAh battery. Iris X1 mini vs Tek 4D2. Samsung Galaxy S7 Review vs Tek 4D2. Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 Review vs Tek 4D2. X Skin vs Samsung Galaxy J2 (2016). iPhone 6 Plus vs iPhone 6s Plus. iPAQ Glisten vs iPhone SE. Galaxy C7 vs iPhone SE. Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 Review vs 230. 128 MB RAM, 256 MB ROM. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100. 110 x 58 x 14 mm (4.33 x 2.28 x 0.55 in). 320 x 240 pixels (~141 ppi pixel density). microSD, up to 8 GB (dedicated slot). 128 MB RAM, 256 MB ROM. Related devices All Toshiba devices. Xiaomi may bring dual-rear camera to Mi 5s. HTC Desire 10 to be launched in Q3 2016?. New Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe variant is the first to sport Snapdragon 821. Samsung's developed a socket to support both micro-SD and UFS-based cards. Samsung confirms Galaxy Note 7 launch on August 2. Apple iPhone 7 may have a 1960 mAh battery. Iris X1 mini vs Tek 4D2. Samsung Galaxy S7 Review vs Tek 4D2. Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 Review vs Tek 4D2. X Skin vs Samsung Galaxy J2 (2016). iPhone 6 Plus vs iPhone 6s Plus. iPAQ Glisten vs iPhone SE. Galaxy C7 vs iPhone SE. Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 Review vs 230. 
About us | Contact. Unlocking by IMEI code, warranty unaffected. Home > Unlock > Toshiba > G810 Portege. United Arab Emirates Dirham - AED. Chilean Unit of Account (UF) - CLF. Papua New Guinean Kina - PGK. São Tomé and Príncipe Dobra - STD. Trinidad and Tobago Dollar - TTD. Tel: +1 888 373 97 57. If you want to unlock the Toshiba G810 Portege with the IMEI code, we can do this no problem; all Toshiba mobiles are unlocked by code. After introducing the code the mobile will be unlocked, without losing its warranty or any data. These unlock codes are calculated in minutes.. You can unlock your blocked C Spire, AT&T, US Cellular, Cingular, Cricket, Nextel, Sprint, T-Mobile, Verizon, MetroPCS, Tracfone, Boost Mobile, Aio, StraightTalk, H20 Wireless, Simple Mobile, Virgin Mobile, Family Mobile, Xfinity Mobile telephone from USA (spanish) , and then use any SIM card from any country or network.. - Turn on the handset on with a SIM card not accepted by the device (your new network operator). - If the card has a PIN number, enter it and press OK. - The device will prompt: “Network lock”, Now enter the code and press OK. - Your cellphone will indicate: "Unlock successful", becoming permanently unlocked.. Tel: +1 888 373 97 57. © 2018 Movical Software & Solutions Pte. · Privacy Policy · Terms & Conditions · Cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a better service. Carry on browsing if you're happy with this, or find out how to manage cookies. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Here is a video of the Toshiba Portege G810 Windows Mobile 6.1 Professional phone with 3 MP camera, GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth 2.0, FM radio and US 3G HSDPA.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Toshiba Portege G810 Hardware & Features. Toshiba Portege G910 Hardware and Features. Toshiba G810 hands on MWC 2008 Barcelona. Laptops: What I Would and Wouldn't Buy, Jan. Kurztest Toshiba TG01 (wie immer live gesprochen). First Look Reviews: Toshiba TG01 Touchscreen Mobile Phone. Dear iPhone X, I Miss my iPhone 8 Plus. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
www.GSMUnlockUSA.com - #1 Direct Source Wholesale | Welcome, Guest! | Sign In | Instructions | Order Status | My Account | Shopping Cart ( 0 ). Search Bulk Unlock Code. Home | Apple iPhone | Blackberry 10 | Dell | Huawei | HTC | LG | Motorola | Nokia Lumia | Pantech | Samsung | SonyEricsson | ZTE. Guarantee The Lowest Price - Apple iPhone Factory Unlocked!. Great News!! Huawei Factory Code (Premium) is back with new price, very fast 0-3 working days.. Toshiba TG01 [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). Toshiba Windows Phone IS12T [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). Toshiba G450 [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). Toshiba 904T [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). Toshiba G900 [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). Toshiba 903T [3-8 Days] $52.95 $34.95 (-22%). The #1 Site For Online Unlocking. We are the best in the online unlocking business. Work Directly with the Source - Great. for CellPhone Store, Service Center, Webmaster, eBay sellers !. This Web site is secured with a GoDaddy.com Web Server Certificate. on the site are protected with up to 256-bit Secure Sockets Layer encryption.. Your personal and financial in information is safe with us!. GoDaddy.com has verified that the certificate holder controls the domain www.masterunlockcode.com.. Unlocking your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code has never been easier! That's right - you're FREE, your unlocked handset will accept any SIM card from ANY provider worldwide! You're just 30 seconds away from freedom.. We guarantee it. Our Toshiba G810 Unlock Code unlocking process is safe and 100% money-back guaranteed. Your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code will not be damaged in any way through this process. So how do you unlock your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code ? It's as easy as texting a friend! We'll provide you step-by-step instructions on how to unlock your handset, as well as an unlock code straight from the manufacturer.. To GET STARTED : Select the original carrier of your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code from the list below to start unlocking your phone.. Warranty: All our Unlock CODES are 100% genuine and. guaranteed, if for any reason your unlock codes are Not Found in our database then. we will issue a full refund.. Select Original Network Provider (Phone is from) Regular Price Special Price Delivery Time. You should select the original. carrier of the phone(Phone is Currently Locked to). (Change Network) $52.95 $34.95 Save 34% 3-8 Days. Regular Price: $52.95 $34.95 (Save 34%). To find IMEI, dial *#06# on your phone. (To find IMEI, dial *#06# on your phone). The PRD (Product Code) can be located on the label under the phone battery. Your personal and financial in information is safe with us!. Does your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code work only with your current service provider or, when you insert a SIM card from another network, do you see any of the following messages?. - Enter SIM Unlock Code (Simlock). If so, your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code is LOCKED and we can help you remove this lock on your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code in a few simple steps, allowing you to use your phone on any GSM wireless network anywhere in the world. You will not have to mail in your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code. No technical knowledge required at all. Simply provide us your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code’s IMEI number and we do all the rest. - Simply provide us your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code’s IMEI (which can be found by typing *#06# into your phone), during check out. - After order placement, the Unlock CODES together with easy to follow instructions guides will be sent to your email address within the time frame given. - Follow the unlocking instructions provided by MasterUnlockCode.com and easily dial in the supplied Unlock CODE for your mobile and start using your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code with any SIM Card. Reasons to remote unlock your cell phone. - Save a fortune abroad, by using cheap local SIM Cards rather than expensive roaming tariffs. - As usually subsidize the cost of the phone, by unlocking it you are increasing the resale value of your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code by up to 300%. - Use your work and personal SIM Card in your unlocked Toshiba G810 Unlock Code - no need to carry two phones again. - Get the best value tariffs by swapping SIM Cards to take advantage of the latest offers. - You never send your phone to anybody. You receive the instructions within hours; unlocking itself takes 1-3 minutes. - No opening your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code and risk of damage to your device. - Very easy, no technical experience necessary. - No complicated software or hardware just enters Unlock CODE, and your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code is PERMANENTLY unlocked. - Is safe and does not void cell phone's warranty. - Unlocking is a one-time event. It works for the life of your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code. All our Unlock CODES are 100% genuine and guaranteed, if for any reason your unlock codes are not found in our database then we will issue a full refund.. Why my Toshiba G810 Unlock Code is locked?. When you purchase a cell phone it is often offered at a discounted price by the cellular network. In return for this generosity they "lock" your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code to their network, so that you can only use their network for making and receiving calls. This means that you cannot use the SIM card of another network, and if you try to do so the phone will display "Phone Restricted", “Contact Service Provider”, “Enter Unlock Code” or a similar message. Unlocking the phone removes this lock, allowing you to use your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code on any GSM wireless network anywhere in the world. Why should I unlock my Toshiba G810 Unlock Code?. - Save a fortune abroad, by using cheap local SIM cards rather than expensive roaming tariffs. - As usually subsidize the cost of the phone, by unlocking it you are increasing the resale value of your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code by up to 300%. - Use your work and personal SIM card in your unlocked Toshiba G810 Unlock Code no need to carry two phones again. - Get the best value tariffs by swapping SIM cards to take advantage of the latest offers. - You never send your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code to anybody. - No opening your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code and risk of damage to your device. - Very easy, no technical experience necessary. - No complicated software or hardware just enters code, and your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code is PERMANENTLY unlocked. - Is safe and does not void Toshiba G810 Unlock Code’s warranty. - Unlocking is a one-time event. It works for the life of your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code. - Will I have to unlock my Toshiba G810 Unlock Code every time I change SIM Card?. - No, even if you upgrade the software (flash) or hard reset your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code, it remains permanently unlocked, no matter what you do to it. A SIM card or Subscriber Identity Module is a portable memory chip used in GSM phones. The SIM Card allows users to change phones by simply removing the SIM Card from one cell phone and inserting it into another. The SIM holds personal identity information, cell phone number, phone book, text messages and other data. How does the remote unlocking work?. Upon successful order submission, we will process your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code's unique IMEI number and email back an unlock code. The International Mobile Equipment Identity or IMEI is a 15 digit serial number unique to every GSM cell phone. We generate the unlocking code from the IMEI, this is called remote unlocking. Enter *#06# into your phone to retrieve the unique 15 digit IMEI number. It can also be found printed on the back of the phone underneath the battery. No software or cable is required at all. How do I enter the unlock code?. It is very easy to enter the unlock code. How Safe is it and is it guaranteed to Work?. Removing the network restriction on your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code with unlocking codes is the safest and fastest way to unlock a cell phone. There is absolutely no risk of damaging your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code or void warranty. You simply enter the unlock codes directly into your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code via the Toshiba G810 Unlock Code’s keypad to remove the network restriction. We guarantee it to work or your money back. On November 26, 2006, the U.S. Copyright Office ruled that consumers can legally unlock their cell phones in order to use them with rival carriers. Some times you might be able to ask your network to provide you with an unlock code. However, they will only do this for free if you have completed your contract. Obviously most networks don't want you moving away from their network so they will often charge extortionate rates to unlock your Toshiba G810 Unlock Code and you can also be made to wait up to 3 weeks to receive your unlock codes. For USA phones manufactured before January 26th, 2013, you may still legally unlock in accordance with the the Digital Millenium Copyright Act.. It is illegal to unlock USA devices that are manufactured after January 26th, 2013 unless you have permission from your service provider. We will not provide any service for any USA service provider cell phone or smart phone manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later. MasterUnlockCode.com will not be held liable or responsible if you place an order for an unlock code for any USA service provider cell phone that was manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later. If you make a purchase on MasterUnlockCode.com or any affiliated website you accept full responsibility for complying with all local, national, and international laws. MasterUnlockCode.com will not knowingly give any advice or provide any service to anyone who wishes to unlock a phone that was purchased from a USA service provider manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later in The United States of America.. Toshiba G810 Unlock Code , Unlock Toshiba G810 , How to unlock Toshiba G810 , How to factory unlock Toshiba G810 , How to permanently unlock Toshiba G810 , Free Toshiba G810 unlock instructions. THE MOST RECENTLY ORDERED UNLOCK CODES Another Sucessful unlocking for the Toshiba TG01 unlock code Lightening fast Delivery of Another Toshiba Windows Phone IS12T unlock code Someone just got a Super Cheap Toshiba G450 unlock code Took only minutes to email another Toshiba 904T unlock code Seconds ago Seconds ago Seconds ago Seconds ago. OVER 2,500,000 PHONES UNLOCKED OPEN 24/7 · LOWEST PRICES GUARANTEED!. We are the direct source for IMEI remote unlock codes. We have the fastest processing times. If a code is "Not Found" or if the code isn't working. we will give you a 100% refund. If you are having problems unlocking your device our knowledge staff and support. will guide you through the procedure.. Ready to unlock your device now?. Yes it is completely legal and you will not void the. We have unlocks for most of the major phone manufacturers including Blackberry,. HTC, Samsung, Nokia, Sony Ericcson, LG, Huawei, Palm, HP and many more! If you do. not see your manufacturer listed below please contact us!. By buying a code from us you are getting the fastest and highest quality service. We offer 100% working unlock codes from all the major manufacturers. FAQs | Instructions | Contact Us. www.GSMUnlockUSA.com - #1 Direct Source Wholesale - Store Owners, Dealers and Resellers. How to unlock iPhone 8 Plus. How to unlock iPhone 7 Plus. How to unlock iPhone 6S Plus. How to unlock iPhone 6 Plus. © 2007 - 2018 PD Software Ltd | Home | Terms of Sale | Privacy Policy | Contact Us. 
USD $ EUR € GBP £ CAD $. Home Contact UnlockBase Cable Unlock Software Currency: USD Support e-mail Track your Order LOGIN. $ USD € EUR £ GBP $ CAD. Is this product being sold elsewhere for a lower price?. Price match requests are handled by professional sourcing staffs.. Please fill in the short form below and we will try to work with our suppliers to match their price or provide an even better deal.. If the reported product is identical to our product, and lower priced sources are found, prices on product pages will be updated within 48 hours (Mon-Fri) after price match is received.. Unless you are already on our newsletters list, we will not send any e-mail to you that are not related to this review.. Step 2/4 : Provide your IMEI & E-Mail. Order the Unlock Code of your Toshiba G810. When I order an Unlock Code for my Toshiba G810, what will I receive?. With all Toshiba G810 Unlocking Code orders we usually deliver a complete set of unlocking codes. Most of the time you just need the Network Code (NCK) but when needed you'll also receive Unfreeze Code, Reset Key, or Service Provide Code. In the same email that includes your unlock code(s), you will also receive complete instructions on how to use it. Usually, you just insert the SIM card in the phone you want to use and the phone will prompt you for the unlock code. In case you need any assistance, our customer support is always there to answer any questions you might have. We will get back to you within less than 12 Hours from Monday to Friday.. Please select the Network your G810 is locked to:. Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa (Islands) Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman (Islands) Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo (Democratic Republic of) Cook (Islands) Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji (Islands) Finland France French Guyana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada (Island) Guadeloupe Guam (Island) Guatemala Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Moldova Monaco Mongolia Monténégro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Reunion (Island) Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Lucia Saint-Barthélemy Saint-Kitts and Nevis Saint-Pierre and Miquelon Saint-Vincent Samoa (Islands) San Marino San Marteen (French Part) Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles (Islands) Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks And Caicos (Islands) Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States - USA Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe. I don't know the name and country of the original network provider. I accept the Terms & Conditions. Important: Select the Current Network your Toshiba G810 is Locked to. Do NOT select the network you want to use.. 1 - Switch ON your phone with a not Accepted SIM Card, 2 - Enter the Unlock Code we send to you. Insert Non Vodafone SIM into the handset and power on. The display will show Enter Network Unlock Code. Enter **00012* then 47369761 followed by #, then press the centre menu key. The display will now show Done. Switch the phone off and on. The phone will now be unlocked. Any suggestion? Want to help us improve our Guideline to unlock Toshiba G810 ? or those are not accurate ? Please contact us. UnlockBase is an incorporated company, we've been unlocking cell phones for 7 years now and strives to provide the best service for our clientele.. All products, and company names, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed are registered® and/or unregistered trademarks™ of their respective owners. UnlockBase is not associated with or sponsored by Toshiba. The authors of this web site are not sponsored by or affiliated with any of the third-party trade mark or third-party registered trade mark owners, and make no representations about them, their owners, their products or services.. Rated 4.9 out of 5 from 9201 reviews. I give 4 stars because they send me several code instead of 1 code it's very annoying because I have to try several codes before I get one works other provider only provide one code.. I had a problem but they resolved it quickly. I recommend this website to anybody who wants their phone unlocked. Once again thank you and I have been using this website for over six years. Very simple process which worked first time - received codes within 3 days. Телефон разблокировали очень быстро сервисом очень доволен хотя и чуть-чуть дороговато. UB Software Limited - 156 Shirley Street & Mount Royal Avenue - Nassau – The Bahamas. Registration Number 1784454 - Copyrighted by Copyright Deposit - Monitored by CopyScape - DO NOT COPY. 
Are you human, bot or alien?. 
Real reviews, from customers like you. Real reviews, from customers like you. Toshiba G810 Portege Reviews and Sim Free Deals. Our brand new high speed surf and maps smartphone for super fast uploads and downloads to the Internet. Our brand new high speed surf and maps smartphone for super fast uploads and downloads to the Internet. Intuitive touch screen interface for easy access and effortless browsing. GPS and A- GPS navigation to help find your way. 3 mega pixel camera to create exciting content. Windows Mobile 6.1 for access to your Microsoft Office applications and push email.. Don’t get left on the start line.. Your friends, your work, your web favourites – fast. Designed for rapid interaction with websites such as Flickr, Youtube and Facebook, the Portégé G810 keeps you in touch with friends and lets you organise your life in moments. Better still, it has the latest fast upload technology ( HSUPA ) so you can take photos and shoot videos with the 3 mega pixel camera and upload them to the web. And with up to 3.6Mbps download speeds via HSDPA , getting web content onto your phone takes seconds.. The smart touch screen and intuitive three-way menu system provide a fast and convenient way for you to access all your important information, such as contacts, email, Microsoft® Office Mobile applications, media files and more.. Clever touch screen shortcuts let you perform tasks, like flicking through contacts and photos quickly. And an enlarged virtual keyboard also makes blogging and sending emails faster.. Being GPS and A- GPS -enabled, the Portégé G810 is perfect for guiding you around a busy city or new country – whether you’re on foot or on wheels. No need for a separate sat nav system.. The Portégé G810 is a powerful business tool. One of the first devices to offer Windows Mobile® 6.1 Professional, it gives you access to all the usual Microsoft Office applications including Outlook®, Word, Excel® and PowerPoint® Mobile, and Push email means you can respond to messages instantly on the move. On top of this there are several enhancements with Windows Mobile® 6.1 that make your device even more user-friendly.. With the Portégé G810 you have multiple connectivity options including Quad band GSM , 3G, HSDPA , HSUPA , EDGE , Bluetooth and WiFi. And there are plenty of ways to communicate including voice, SMS , MMS , Email, video calls and instant messaging.. Everything you need is at your fingertips with the Portégé G810. HSDPA (High Speed Downlink Packet Access). Search for reviews of just about anything.. is a registered trademark of Reevoo Ltd. Friars Bridge Court, 41-45 Blackfriars Road, London, SE1 8NZ. Just like everyone else, we use cookies to track and improve your experience.. Our cookies policy lives here .. 
