GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). 132.2 x 65.1 x 10 mm (5.20 x 2.56 x 0.39 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 4.5 inches, 55.8 cm 2 (~64.8% screen-to-body ratio). 480 x 854 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~218 ppi density). microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Vodafone Smart speed 6 - user opinions and reviews. Please I bought my Vodafone vf 795 around June las year. My battery is 1780 mAh and my internal storage is about 4GB. I wish to find out if I can get a battery with a higher mAh than this. those phone are manufactured by ALCATEL. Copy of some sort of Alcatel phone. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Huawei Y560 Samsung Galaxy Core Prime alcatel Pixi 3 (4.5) Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart Tab N8. Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. It's a silver surfer's dream machine. Inexpensive 4G LTE connectivity, quad-core performance and a surprisingly good screen make the Vodafone Smart Speed 6 a clever buy, for smartphone newbies in particular.. Network own-brand phones have long since stopped being the compromise they once were. Like a supermarket's own flaked corn cereal or beans baked in tomato sauce, they're the acceptable face of smart shopping.. The new Vodafone Smart Speed 6 continues in this vein, offering a substantial set of tasty smartphone features at a price that's far easier to stomach than the big-name brands' own efforts.. Vodafone, smartly recognising an opportunity in the market, has also realised that people who are spending relatively so little on a smartphone might be buying their first – particularly if they're, ahem, older – and accordingly have added some clever features to appeal to the silver shopper.. Let's get this out the way early on: there's more than a touch of the plastic fantastic about the Vodafone Smart Speed 6 – but for £50 you can hardly expect Gorilla Glass and brushed aluminium. Available with black or silver (seen here) rear covers, it's not going to have the neighbourhood nerd wandering over for a fondle.. But beauty is fleeting – and the Vodafone Smart Speed 6 feels tough and dependable, and like a phone that will endure being stuffed in a pocket (or handbag, nestled next to the Fisherman's Friend and bus pass) without complaint.. The rear cover wraps around the sides of the phone, up to just under the edge of the screen, and it's a good, tight fit – I nearly lost a fingernail trying to prize it off. It'll keep the dust out, and the phone in one piece when it invariably hits the deck.. There's no creaking, no big panel gaps between the rear cover and the rest of the phone, and it feels like it'll do that tyke Tommy, the kid down the lane who's been bothering poor Mr Tiddles, a right mischief if he ever shows his face 'round 'ere again. The large-print trio of buttons at the bottom of the screen are easy to see, even if your peepers aren't what they used to be, and the Vodafone branding is pretty discreet, limited to a black logo the size of a five pence piece in the centre of the rear cover and a minuscule 'Designed by Vodafone' at the bottom.. All in all it's pretty inoffensive stuff – and that's the genius. It doesn't scream budget smartphone, and you wouldn't be embarrassed to be seen with it amongst your more design-conscious friends toting HTCs or Sonys. And for the price, that's all you can ask for.. A certain demographic – those who'll find the bigger buttons a boon – will appreciate one of the features of the Vodafone Smart Speed 6 that you're offered upon first starting the phone: the chance to opt for a more simplified home screen that offers larger icons and a less cluttered interface.. It's just the thing for getting to grips with all this new-fangled technology, and enables you to quickly access your favourite contacts or apps by swiping right and left respectively.. It's the Android equivalent of a large print book.. Combined with all the helpful little pop-up tips and hints that Vodafone has peppered the entire interface with, you begin to realise just how intimidating a device like a smartphone can be to someone who grew up using a phone with a dial rather than a touchscreen.. And Big Red, bless it, has done a great job – the tips aren't too intrusive, and are easily dismissed if you don't need the helping hand that's offered. To be honest, if you're more of a talker and texter than an app user, you'll probably find this home screen mode far more convenient than the standard one.. But if you're starting to think that you need to be a paid-up member of your local bowls club to find anything to get excited about in the Vodafone Smart Speed 6, bear with me…. Quick and clean, the Vodafone Smart speed 6 runs a stock version of Lollipop.. It sports 4G LTE connectivity, Wi-Fi b/g/n and Bluetooth 4 ADSP, too, so if you've decided to splash your cash on wireless headphones, rather than a swish smartphone, you're catered for.. The 4.5-inch screen might offer a resolution of just 854 x 480, but it presents a clear, crisp and vibrant image with a wide viewing angle. It's bit of a fingerprint magnet, mind.. The main camera is a Facebook-friendly 5-megapixel number with a flash, support for geo-tagging and an HDR mode. The front-facing camera might only offer two megapixels, but again the Vodafone Smart Speed 6 does the best with what it's got.. The 8GB internal memory is enough for basic use, and there's support for microSD cards up to 32GB if you need more space.. A handful of Vodafone apps and services come pre-installed.. What might be one of the Vodafone Smart Speed 6's trump cards is it's unsullied take on Android 5.1 – aside from the mature mode and a handful of Vodafone apps, it's basically stock. As a result, it's clean, responsive and free from needless frippery.. Next Page Performance, battery and camera. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Vodafone Smart speed 6 - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 ». Please I bought my Vodafone vf 795 around June las year. My battery is 1780 mAh and my internal storage is about 4GB. I wish to find out if I can get a battery with a higher mAh than this. Macduff, 29 Nov 2017 Copy of some sort of Alcatel phone those phone are manufactured by ALCATEL. Copy of some sort of Alcatel phone. Leera, 02 Jun 2017 please help, how do I take a screen shot with this phone. messages, whatsapp, screen shots? just press power button and volume down at same time.. please help, how do I take a screen shot with this phone. The phone (new) cannot work on ugandan networks and demands for some codes to open. ArceusGod , 04 Sep 2016 Piece of crap. Never buying another Vodafone marketed phone ever again. For $89 you get a pho... Is it open to 2degrees network. Never buying another Vodafone marketed phone ever again. For $89 you get a phone with a severely underpowered processor and glitchy display that randomly restarts itself whenever it feels like it. Battery life is decent but that's about the only upside to the device. Went back to using my Samsung J1, as Samsung knows how to make a reliable device at least. My wife and I bought a phone each about 5 months ago. Both phones have increasingly performed badly vis a vis battery losing its charge overnight while on idle. The phone has been sent back to Vodafone on several occasions and no improvements have been made. I guess if you go cheap, you get cheap.. Sergiu, 05 Aug 2016 Yes you can but witgouth the RA mode If it can play Pokemon go fully,could you do gym battles without it crashing? I'm being certain,sorry. naggue, 03 Aug 2016 can you play pokemon go with it Yes you can but witgouth the RA mode. can you play pokemon go with it. I had my smart speed 6 for about 3-4 months until this thing came up and i pressed 'ok' by accident the last thing i saw was power off or shut down after a couple of secounds my phone turned of itself. how to answer call, sometimes answer icon appears at top. Recently purchased this unit and what i can say is stock android is smooth no lag and the mediatek 64bit processor is non heating its effecient on 1Gigbite ram average of 200mb ram free even on heavy usage and battery lasts overall great device, thumbs up. Gio, 02 Oct 2015 So Vodafone smart "speed" 6. speed, with a 1.0 ghz quad-core Mediatek cpu and 1 Gb o... more Yes this phone is only a Ghz but it does have the newer 64bit cpu rather than 32 so has double the processing power and with 4 cores that's pretty good. What lets most phones down is the software and the camera is terrible being fixed focus rather than auto focus. The battery is removable, as the sim and SD cards are underneath the battery.. pops, 01 Apr 2016 how do you get rid ov the google task bar from the home screen plz can ANYBODY help me Cheers Pops click and hold the google bar until the delete icon shows up at the top of the screen. Pages: 1 2 3 ». Total of 49 user reviews and opinions for Vodafone Smart speed 6 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Huawei Y560 Samsung Galaxy Core Prime alcatel Pixi 3 (4.5) Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart Tab N8. Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8. 
By using vodafone.com.mt, you're consenting to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.. Close My Vodafone Log In menu. 132.2 x 65.1 x 9.99 mm , 146 g. 1 GB RAM, 8GB Internal, Micro SD Card Slot. 5MP FF with Flash, 2MP FF front camera. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email. Your browser either doesn't support JavaScript or you. This page remains functional without JavaScript, however, to. see and use this page as it is meant to appear and be used, please use a JavaScript. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Vodafone Smart speed 6. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for Vodafone Smart speed 6. Save Vodafone Smart speed 6 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Vodafone Smart speed 6 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. 9 Colors Wallet Flip PU Leather Case For Vodafone Smart Speed 6 VF795. Universal Luminous Glow in Dark Silicone TPU Phone Cover Bumper Frame Case Skins. For Vodafone Smart SPEED 6 Decent Luxury Silk PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart Speed 6 VF795 Flip PU Leather Wallet Case Cover(9 Colors ). For Vodafone Smart SPEED 6 Lafite Vein PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart SPEED 6 Wood Vein PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. Pu Leather Wallet Case Cover for Vodafone Smart Prime 6/Ultra 6/First 6/Speed 6. For Vodafone Smart Speed 6 VF795 Retro Weave Knit Leather Stand Flip Cover Case. Angry eyes Litchi Leather wallet flip stand pouch Cover Case For Vodafone. For Vodafone Smart Phone 38 Magnetic Flip Cover Stand Wallet Leather Case. Magnetic Bling Luxury Diamonds Crystal PU Leather wallet flip Slots Cover Case12. Premium Quality Leather Wallet Book Flip Case Cover For Vodafone Smart Phones. For Vodafone Smart speed 6 - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. Heavy Duty Tough Shockproof Hard Stand Cover Case For Vodafone smart speed 6. For Vodafone Smart speed 6 - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Earphone. For Vodafone Smart speed 6 - Clip On Fabric / PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. Wind Chimes Quicksand Flip PU Leather Wallet Stand Cover Case For Vodafone Model. Phone Case Pouch Holster w/Belt Clip✔Excellent Phone Protection✔Hor izontal✔Black. For Vodafone Smart Speed 6 VF795 Fabric Cloth Card Wallet Stand Flip Case Cover. New Shockproof Wallet Flip Leather Case For Vodafone Phones. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 (4.5") Protective Faux Leather Pull Tab Pouch Case Cover. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 (4.5") Leather Pull Tab Pouch Case Cover with Earphone. Brown Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Magnetic Closure Stand Cover Quality Wallet. Flip PU Leather Slim Wallet Magnetic Case Cover For Vodafone Smart Speed 6 VF795. 3D Diamonds Crystals Pearls Leather Slot Wallet Pouch Flip Stand Case Cover Skin. Bling Glitter Quicksand Hourglass Dynamic PU leather wallet Cover Cse & strap N. For 4"-6" inch Mobile Phone Waterproof Pouch Shoulder Bag Swiming Dry Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart speed 6 - Clip On Design PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. Magnetic Flip Cover Stand Wallet Leather Case For Vodafone Smart Phone 38. For Vodafone Luxury Diamond Grain PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. NEW HEAVY DUTY TOUGH SHOCKPROOF CASE COVER ✔PROTECTION FOR VODAFONE SMART PHONES. For Vodafone Smart speed 6 - Clip Printed Series PU Leather Wallet Case. Case Wallet Stand Flip Cover PU Leather Case for Vodafone Cover ~9 Colors. Bling Crystal Diamonds Rhinestone PU leather wallet flip stand Case cover skin w. Luxury PU Leather Flip Bling Diamond Wallet Case Girls' Phone Cover & strap #T16. HD For Vodafone N8 OnePlus 3 3T 5 2017 Magic girl Wallet Card Leather Case Cover. Fashion Diamonds Crystal Handmade Rhinestone Jewelled Flower Phone Case Cover W. PU Leather Flip Bling Rhinestone Diamond Wallet Case Girl Cover For Moto Doogee. Official Chris Cold Case for Vodafone Smart Speed 6 /Dark Art Demon. Official Elena Dudina Case for Vodafone Smart Speed 6 /Dragon Reptile. Official Elena Dudina Case for Vodafone Smart Speed 6 /Super Heroine. Official Elena Dudina Case for Vodafone Smart Speed 6 /Love Art. Official Chris Cold Case for Vodafone Smart Speed 6 /Alien World Cosmos. Back Case/Cover/Ski n for Vodafone Smart Speed 6/Carbon Fibre Effect/Pattern. Back Case/Cover/Ski n for Vodafone Smart Speed 6/Textile Effect Leaf Pattern. Official Elena Dudina Case for Vodafone Smart Speed 6 /Fantasy Angel. Back Case/Cover/Ski n for Vodafone Smart Speed 6/Wooden/Wood Effect Pattern. Official Elena Dudina Case for Vodafone Smart Speed 6 /Fairy Tale Character. Sports Running Hydration Water Bottle Waist Belt Holder Pack Bag For Cell Phones. n8.v8,e8.first 7,first 6,ultra 6,ultra 7,prime 6 & more. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Home › Vodafone › Smart speed 6 Vodafone Smart speed 6 - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Vodafone Smart speed 6 List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Vodafone Smart speed 6 Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight User reviews 1 Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR. Dimensions : 65.1 x 132.2 x 9.99 mm Weight : 146 g SoC : MediaTek MT6735M CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1000 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 500 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC Display : 4.5 in, IPS, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 1780 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 5.1 Lollipop Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Vodafone Model Smart speed 6 Model alias VF795 Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 65.1 mm (millimeters) 6.51 cm (centimeters) 0.21 ft (feet) 2.56 in (inches) Height 132.2 mm (millimeters) 13.22 cm (centimeters) 0.43 ft (feet) 5.2 in (inches) Thickness 9.99 mm (millimeters) 1 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.39 in (inches) Weight 146 g (grams) 0.32 lbs (pounds) 5.15 oz (ounces) Volume 85.98 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 5.22 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Gray Silver Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 1 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 5.1 Lollipop System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6735M Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1000 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP1 GPU cores 1 GPU frequency 500 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 1 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 533 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 8 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 4.5 in (inches) 114.3 mm (millimeters) 11.43 cm (centimeters) Width 2.2 in (inches) 56 mm (millimeters) 5.6 cm (centimeters) Height 3.92 in (inches) 99.64 mm (millimeters) 9.96 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.779:1 Resolution 480 x 854 pixels Pixel density 218 ppi (pixels per inch) 85 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 65.05 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Accelerometer Compass Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 2592 x 1944 pixels 5.04 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Image resolution 1600 x 1200 pixels 1.92 MP (megapixels) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AAC+ / aacPlus / HE-AAC v1 AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) AMR-WB (Adaptive Multi-Rate Wideband, .awb) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) VP8 Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 1780 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion Features Removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (EU) 0.511 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (EU) 0.966 W/kg (watts per kilogram). Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. The SAR head rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is held next to the ear in a talk position. In Europe, the SAR limit for hand-held mobile devices is set to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard is specified by the CENELEC, complies with the IEC standards and follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998.. This SAR rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is placed at the hip level. The top SAR value for mobile devices used in Europe is limited to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998 as well as the IEC standards and is determined by the CENELEC.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 65.1 x 132.2 x 9.99 mm Weight : 146 g SoC : MediaTek MT6735M CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1000 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 500 MHz RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Display : 4.5 in, IPS, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 1780 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 5.1 Lollipop Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Sign up for our daily newsletter. Toggle menus Toggle search. Home Mobiles Tablets PCs Laptops Cameras Games Appliances TVs Wearables Printers Software Accessories Networks Storage Video Cameras. Latest deals Coffee machines Broadband PC Performance Sky Soundbox Nintendo Switch Baby products Newsletter. You are here: Home Vodafone Vodafone Smart Speed 6 review. facebook twitter google+ email Comments. The Smart Speed 6 isn't without its drawbacks, but for £50, there's simply nothing better. Processor : Quad-core 1.0GHz MediaTek MT6735M, Screen Size : 4.5in, Screen resolution : 854x480, Rear camera : 5 megapixels, Storage (free) : 8GB (4.6GB), Wireless data : 3G, 4G, Size : 132x65x9.9mm, Weight : 146g, Operating system : Android 5.1. Buy the Vodafone Smart Speed 6 now from Vodafone. Display Performance & Battery Life Storage. Motorola may be the biggest name in budget smartphones, but Vodafone's own-brand Smart handsets have been fighting back hard. to combat the £160 3rd Gen Moto G , with better specs and a larger, Full HD screen. Now it's taking aim at the £90 2nd Gen Moto E with the Smart Speed 6, providing a well-overdue shot in the arm to ultra-cheap phones on Pay as You Go.. The Smart Speed 6 is the ideal size for those after a small, compact handset. It's narrower and easier to hold than the Moto E, and it feels well-made and sturdy in the hand, even if its plain silver chassis won't exactly turn heads. The 4.5in screen is a bit of a magnet for fingerprints too.. The display itself is relatively decent. While the lowly 854x480 resolution makes desktop-based web pages a little tricky to navigate, the sRGB colour accuracy score of 70.9% isn't nearly as low as some other sub-£100 phones I've tested recently. For instance, the Samsung Galaxy Young 2 , which is more expensive than the Smart Speed 6, only managed a pitiful 58.2%. Admittedly, 70.9% still isn't great, as the strong yellows and blues, and weak reds and greens, meant that images often looked quite cool and dingy. Likewise, with a peak brightness of just 335.25cd/m2, I found it quite difficult to see the screen clearly in bright sunshine.. However, for £50 it's really not that bad, and the screen's viewing angles are actually much wider than the Young 2, as I was able to see the screen clearly from a much wider variety of oblique angles than I could ever hope to achieve with the Young 2. The Smart Speed 6 also has a good black level of 0.32cd/m2, and its contrast ratio of 1,035:1 is up there with your typical budget smartphone. For me, the Moto E still has the edge with its richer, brighter colours, but the Smart Speed 6 certainly raises the bar for other £50 smartphones.. The Smart Speed 6 puts up a decent fight against the Moto E when it comes to performance. Its quad-core MediaTek MT6735M processor may run at a slower 1GHz clock speed compared to the Moto E's 1.2GHz Snapdragon 410, but it wasn't far behind in our benchmark results. In Geekbench 3, the Smart Speed 6 managed 457 in the single core test and 1,292 in the multicore, the latter of which is just 100 behind the Moto E.. In day to day use, the Smart Speed 6 ran its stock version of Android 5.1 very smoothly, and apps loaded just as quickly as those on the Moto E. Simple 2D games also ran perfectly fine on the Smart Speed 6, as I was able to play games like Threes! and Alphabear without any trouble. It will struggle with more complex games like Hearthstone, though, and scores of just 342 frames (or 5.5fps) in the GFX Bench onscreen Manhattan test and 1.4fps, or 84 frames, in the offscreen test mean it isn't cut out for demanding 3D titles.. Web browsing shouldn't pose too much of a problem, though, as it coped well with most websites I visited. The Guardian could be a bit stop-start at times, particularly when pages were loading, but otherwise scrolling was reasonably smooth and hassle-free.. Likewise, the Smart Speed 6's battery life was excellent. Despite only having a 1,780mAh battery, I managed an impressive 10h 51m in our continuous video playback test with the screen brightness set to 170cd/m2.. The Smart Speed 6 isn't without its problems, though, as its 8GB of storage only leaves you with 4.6GB of usable space. This means that anyone who wants to download a lot of apps will likely need to invest in a microSD card, which can be accessed underneath the rear panel.. The rear 5-megapixel camera isn't much to shout about, as the lack of touch focus controls can leave photos looked very blurry and smeary. As a result, all of my photos were lacking in detail and object outlines were very soft and fuzzy. Unsurprisingly, indoor photos looked even worse, as even bright lighting conditions produced a lot of noise and grainy artefacts.. ^ Colours look good, but detail is almost entirely absent, particularly when it comes to the fur on our teddy bear. Camera and storage issues aside, the Vodafone Smart Speed 6 is a highly accomplished smartphone for just £50. It puts the terrible £70 Samsung Galaxy Young 2 to shame in every category and its good performance and battery life make a compelling case against the £90 2nd Gen Moto E. I'd say the Moto E's superior screen and marginally better camera are probably worth the extra £40, but if you absolutely don't want to spend more than £50 on your smartphone and don't mind joining Vodafone in the process, the Smart Speed 6 is by far the best smartphone in its price range.. Buy the Vodafone Smart Speed 6 now from Vodafone. Hardware Processor Quad-core 1.0GHz MediaTek MT6735M RAM 1GB Screen size 4.5in Screen resolution 854x480 Screen type LCD Front camera 2 megapixels Rear camera 5 megapixels Flash LED GPS Yes Compass Yes Storage (free) 8GB (4.6GB) Memory card slot (supplied) microSD Wi-Fi 802.11n Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 NFC No Wireless data 3G, 4G Size 132x65x9.9mm Weight 146g Features Operating system Android 5.1 Battery size 1,780mAh Buying information Warranty One year RTB Price SIM-free (inc VAT) N/A Price on contract (inc VAT) N/A Prepay price (inc VAT) £50 SIM-free supplier N/A Contract/prepay supplier www.shop.vodafone.co.uk Details www.vodafone.co.uk Part code Vodafone VF-795. Best phone battery life 2018: The BEST smartphones ranked. The best phone cameras in 2018. Need a phone upgrade? Find out the best upcoming phones. OnePlus 6 could get facial recognition. Samsung Galaxy Note 9: Launching in August?. Google Pixel 3: Release date, rumours and news. The best Android phones money can buy. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. LG G7: Is LG's next flagship really delayed?. Samsung Exynos 9810: The power behind the Samsung Galaxy S9. Find out the best budget smartphones you can buy. Huawei P Smart: An 18:9 budget phone. Lenovo P2 review: The best smartphone battery life, period. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Honor 9 Lite review: An 18:9 budget marvel. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X: The king of budget smartphones?. Samsung Galaxy A5 review: A worthy Galaxy S8 stand-in. Honor 9 review: Better than the OnePlus 5T?. Sony Xperia XZ2: Sony’s latest flagship launched at MWC. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Size doesn’t matter. Samsung Exynos 9810: The power behind the Samsung Galaxy S9. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus: A dual-camera delight. Best Wi-Fi extenders: Better coverage, faster downloads. IT Pro Alphr Know Your Mobile Channel Pro Cloud Pro. About us Company website Contact us Privacy notice Affiliate policy Manage my mags. © Dennis, a trading name of Dennis Publishing Ltd, registered in England & Wales no. Registered address: 31-32 Alfred Place, London, WC1E 7DP. Dennis is run for the benefit of the Heart of England Forest , a registered charity dedicated to planting tomorrow’s great native woodland one tree at a time.. 
SHOULD I BUY VODAFONE SMART SPEED 6?. The Vodafone Smart Speed 6 is the little brother to two of our favourite budget smartphones on the market at the moment, the Smart Prime 6 and Smart Ultra 6. We were expecting big things from the Smart Speed 6 – but with such large shoes to fill, did it deliver? We put the Smart Speed 6 through its paces to see whether it deserves the name ‘Smart Speed’ 6. Here we review the Vodafone Smart Speed 6, the latest budget smartphone released by the carrier, costing only £50 in the UK. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 review: Design and build. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 review: Hardware and performance. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 review: Connectivity. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 review: Cameras. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 review: Software. The Vodafone Smart Speed 6 is the little brother to the Smart Prime 6 and Smart Ultra 6 , two of our favourite budget smartphones on the market at the moment. With the two previous handsets surprising us in terms of value for money, we were expecting big things from the Smart Speed 6 – but with such large shoes to fill, did it deliver? We put the Smart Speed 6 through its paces to see whether it deserves the name ‘Smart Speed’. See also: Best budget Android smartphones. Also see: Best Black Friday Phone Deals. The Vodafone Smart Speed 6 is a budget smartphone, so you can’t expect it to be as sleek as the Samsung Galaxy S6 or the LG G4 , but it can still hold its own against other budget smartphones on the market. It has a plastic body which feels pretty cheap in the hand, but when you consider the phone only costs £50, you can let it slide. It’s available in two colours – silver or ‘anthracite’ (dark grey) which we can’t quite understand, as the two colours are almost identical.. The Smart Speed 6 is a bulky smartphone, there’s no debating that. It’s 10mm thick, and it’s definitely noticeable straight away – it feels bulkier in the hand than our iPhone 6s with a fairly chunky protective cover on, and that’s saying something. However even though it feels weighty at 146g, it’s actually 9 grams lighter than its older brother, the Smart Prime 6, which weighs 155g (although the Smart Prime 6 is 1mm thicker than the Speed 6). Even with its weight, the Smart Speed 6 is comfortable to hold for long periods of time thanks to its curved rear, which helps the phone fit snuggly into your hand.. Dimensions wise, it measures in at 132.2x65.1mm and houses a 4.5in display, which gives the Smart Speed 6 a 64.8% screen-to-body ratio. The bezels are fairly thick around the edges of the screen, but again, for only £50 you can’t expect an edge-to-edge display. The advantage to having a sub 5in display is that it’ll feel comfortable to use one handed, as we were able to reach from one side of the display to the other with ease.. The Vodafone Smart Speed 6 comes packing a 4.5in IPS display, although we can’t quite describe it as HD as it has a resolution of 480x854, which equates to around 218 pixels per inch. It’s not the brightest of displays either, and we had a bit of trouble using it in direct sunlight, particularly when trying to read text. That may have something to do with the low resolution, as text isn’t as sharp and easy to read as it is on other devices, even the Smart Prime 6 which costs only £30 more has a larger, 720p HD display.. The device is called the Smart ‘Speed’ 6, so what is it boasting under the bonnet? It features a quad-core 1GHz Mediatek MT6735M CPU coupled with a Mali-T720 GPU and 1GB of RAM, which by itself isn’t impressive but coupled with a low resolution display, it performs quite well. In fact, when we ran our GFXBench tests, we found that the Smart Speed 6 actually beat the Smart Prime 6, which features a 1.2GHz Snapdragon 410 processor. In T-Rex, the Smart Speed 6 managed to get 11fps, compared to the 9.4fps offering of the Smart Prime 6 and in Manhattan, it hit 5.5fps compared to 3.8fps.. When we ran GeekBench 3, it was a slightly different story as it relies solely on the CPU and not graphical power. In single core mode, the Smart Speed 6 scored 457 and in multi core mode, it scored 1258. To put this into some perspective, the Smart Prime 6 managed 464 in single core mode and 1401 in multi-core mode. It’s not much of a surprise though, as we did experience intermittent lag when using the device, even when swiping between the home screen menus. We feel the Smart Speed 6 will suffice for standard web browsing, calling and texting, but we wouldn’t hold our breath with regards to gaming.. Storage wise, there’s only an 8GB option available, and discounting the Android OS and Vodafone apps, you’ve only got around 4.7GB to play with – which isn’t much. Thankfully, the Smart Speed 6 also features a MicroSD card slot which can boost your internal memory by up to 32GB. It’s worth noting that the Smart Prime 6 also features a MicroSD Card slot, but supports up to 64GB of external storage.. Android users like to have access to the battery of their devices, mainly for the convenience of being able to swap out a dead battery for a full one when needed. Unfortunately, the Smart Speed 6 is completely sealed off and offers no access to the battery – a theme that Vodafone devices seem to follow, as access to the battery of the Smart Prime 6 and Smart Ultra 6 is also restricted. It features a non-removable 1780mAh battery, which we’ll be putting to the test over the coming days and will update the review once we know more.. What’s the fastest smartphone of 2015?. One of the major selling points of the Vodafone Smart Speed 6 is its 4G connectivity, which brings the 4G network to people on a tight budget. Aside from 4G connectivity, you should expect to find Bluetooth 4.0, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, GPS and an FM Radio. Thanks to the superfast 4G connectivity, you can also use the Smart Speed 6 as a hotspot to bring internet connectivity to tablets and other devices.. The Smart Speed 6 features a 5Mp rear-facing camera with a maximum resolution of 2592x1944 and an LED flash, with various shooting modes available. Shooting modes include auto, manual, sport, HDR and manual, although we were pretty disappointed with the overall quality of the images taken by camera. The lack of auto focus means there is a lack of detail in the photos taken by the Speed 6, and we were a tad disappointed with the results, especially when you consider the Smart Prime 6 has a fairly decent 8Mp rear facing camera. Here are a handful of photos taken on the Smart Speed 6, so you can get a better idea of what we mean:. As you can see in the last image, photos are easily over exposed and overall, offers a disappointing image. It’s almost like the photos have been airbrushed – we can’t make out a single brick from the photo of the St. Pancras hotel, in fact it looks pretty smooth.. As well as a rear facing camera, the Smart Speed 6 features a fairly basic 2Mp front facing camera. When we found out it was a 2Mp camera, we weren’t expecting a lot from it but we found that when it came to selfies, the camera performs well. The facial recognition definitely comes in handy with the front facing camera, especially as you can’t tap the screen to focus on yourself. As long as the phone recognises your face and focuses on you, you should get a selfie good enough for the likes of Instagram and Snapchat.. With regards to video recording, both the front and rear facing cameras feature the ability to film in 720p HD. It also features image stabilisation which can be toggled on in the Settings menu, though this is digital image stabilisation and not optical image stabilisation, so the effects aren’t as prominent (we hardly noticed any difference at all).. See also: Best smartphone camera of 2015. In terms of software, the Smart Speed 6 comes packing a fairly vanilla implementation of Android 5.1, with eight Vodafone branded apps: Message+, Call+, Direct Access, My Web, Smart Tips, Updates, Vodafone Store and My Vodafone. The Vodafone Store isn’t to buy Vodafone products as the name suggests, but acts more as a hub for your phone and is where you can access your data allowance, minutes, texts etc.. Message+ and Call+ are interesting additions specific to Vodafone branded handsets, and bring more functionality to standard phone calls and texts. For example, you’re able to mark a call as important to let the recipient know it’s urgent, or type the subject/reason for the call. You can even add your location, include a video or completely switch to a video call mid phone call. Similarly, Message+ allows you to share your location, contacts, create group chats and even customise the design of the app.. 8GB of storage, can be extended by up to 32GB. 8GB of storage, can be extended by up to 32GB. Overall, we’re pretty disappointed with the Smart Speed 6. The camera lacks basic features that other budget smartphones have (autofocus) and its low resolution display is pretty off-putting. Yes, it’s only £50 and you can’t expect the world for £50, the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 is only £30 more and is much, much better. It has a larger, 720p HD display, a faster processor, the MicroSD card slot handles up to 64GB, it has a higher resolution camera, its thinner and looks more premium than the Smart Speed 6. When you consider all the above, we think it’d be worth saving up a little more money to get a phone you’ll be happier with. If money isn’t an issue, we’d recommend the Smart Ultra 6, Vodafone’s £129 phablet that is currently sat at the number one spot in our best budget smartphone roundup.. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. I saw this on Tech Advisor and thought you should see it too.. The art of 'British' pulp fiction. What to expect at WWDC 2018: Dates, tickets & product announcements. TV & streaming : comment regarder le Tournoi des Six Nations 2018 ?. UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Supplied by Vodafone: http://tinyurl.com/px2lhx8 Please leave a "like" and consider subscribing to the channel for more content. Cheers! Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/moz Would you like your product featured? Contact: mtechreviewer@gmail.com - http://twitter.com/mozford http://instagram.com/mozford "All opinions expressed in my videos are 100% my own and are not influenced by any other. If payment for promotion does take place, it will be addressed and communicated to my audience correctly. I pride myself on these ideals.". When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Unboxing & Hands On (ONLY £50!!) √√√. Vodafone Smart speed 6 review - £50 smartphone?. Vodafone Smart speed 6 vs Motorola Moto G (3rd gen): power on/off speed test. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 vs Moto G 2014 - Speed Test. How To Unlock Vodafone Smart Prime 6, Prime 7, First 6, First 7, Speed 6 and Smart Grand.. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 - Review ( £50 phone with latest technology ). HTC M9 VS iPhone 6 Plus vs Vodafone Smart Ultra 6. How to take a screenshot on your phone. How to take screenshots on Android. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 vs Vodafone Smart Ultra 6. Smart Ultra 6: honest review HD. Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 review: The best budget smartphone of 2015. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 review: A great budget 4G phone. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Unboxing & Review. Vodafone Smart speed 6 - Primera configuración. Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 review - should you buy one?. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Sales & Support 020 8901 1751. Bulk Ordering 020 8901 1744 9am - 5pm. Xperia Z3 + / Z3 Plus / Z4. 3 in 1 Multiple USB Braided Cable. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Carbon Wallet Case Cover (Black Carbon). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Leather Flip Case Cover (Blue). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Leather Flip Case Cover (Green). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Leather Flip Case Cover (Hot Pink). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Leather Flip Case Cover (Purple). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Blue). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Green). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Hot Pink). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Red). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart Speed 6 S-Line Wave Gel Case Cover (Green). This brilliantly designed gel case incorporates a new flexible gel design and robust protection in one great package. Designed for an active lifestyle you can continue to use your device without remov... Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Tempered Glass Screen Protector. This tempered glass screen protector is a must-have for anyone prone to constantly dropping their phone. The screen protector fits perfectly to prevent scratches and absorb shocks. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Tempered Glass Screen Protector (3 Pack). This tempered glass screen protector is a must-have for anyone prone to constantly dropping their phone. The screen protector fits perfectly to prevent scratches and absorb shocks. Showing 1 to 12 of 12 (1 Pages). We use the best security features. ONX3 has been established since 2008, we are one of the UKs leading retailers for mobile phone accessories and solutions.. We put our success down to responding to what our customers want and offer an extensive range of the latest accessories for the latest phone models, teamed with an world class customer care team who will look after you through every stage of the transaction.. Thanks to ONX3's excellent relationship with our suppliers we can provide our customers with a large range of over 10,000 products and the most competitive prices around.. Stay up to date with news and promotions by signing up for our weekly newsletter. Sales & Support 020 8901 1751. Copyright © 2014, ONX3, All Rights Reserved. Website Developed by: Kodxpert Web Services. 
Vodafone - Înapoi la pagina principală. Ascunde conţinutul pentru Servicii şi tarife. Lucrăm la îmbunătăţirea serviciului de chat, pentru ca experienţa ta să fie întotdeauna cea mai bună. Între timp, ne poţi contacta prin chat din aplicaţia MyVodafone sau prin e-mail .. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Gri Inchis 4G. Acest telefon nu mai este in oferta Vodafone. Descoperă produsele similare aflate in stoc.. Ai ales să primesti informaţii când reintră în stoc produsul. Solicitarea a fost trimisă cu succes. îndată ce produsul va reintra in stoc.. Ajutor rapid pentru orice operatie online Ajutor cumparaturi online. Cum cumpar Detalii livrare Cum platesc Detalii comanda. 
The next video is starting stop. Vodafone Smart speed 6: detailed overview. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Please watch: "How to inflate air sofa" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzOJ_... -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- A relatively long video showing the main features of the Vodafone Smart speed 6 + a quick test of its speed and ram management performance. Let us know if you want to find out more about the phone or you want us to make a specific test or comparison. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Vodafone Smart speed 6: unboxing and first impression. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 - Unboxing. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 hands-on (Greek). Vodafone Smart Speed 6 - Review ( £50 phone with latest technology ). Vodafone Smart speed 6 vs Motorola Moto G (3rd gen): power on/off speed test. VODAFONE SMART SPEED 6 VODAFONE 795 hard reset. How To Unlock Vodafone Smart Prime 6, Prime 7, First 6, First 7, Speed 6 and Smart Grand.. How to put sim card in Smart Speed 6. Vodafone Smart speed 6 full features and specifications. VODAFONE SMART SPEED 6 / VODAFONE 795 FRP RESET ! FACTORY RESET PROTECTION REMOVAL. Samsung Galaxy A3 (2016) vs iPhone 6s: Speed Test. Easy Hard Reset Vodafone Android best smartphone Using Button. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. Search by device, brand or item. You have no items in your shopping basket.. Samsung Galaxy A8 2018 Accessories Galaxy A8 2018 Car Holders Galaxy A8 2018 Car Chargers Galaxy A8 2018 Cases Galaxy A8 2018 Chargers Galaxy A8 2018 Docks Galaxy A8 2018 Power Banks Galaxy A8 2018 Screen Protectors Galaxy A8 2018 Speakers Galaxy A8 2018 Stands Galaxy A8 2018 Stylus All Galaxy A8 2018 Accessories Galaxy Note 8 Accessories Galaxy Note 8 Car Chargers Galaxy Note 8 Car Holders Galaxy Note 8 Cases Galaxy Note 8 Chargers Galaxy Note 8 Headphones Galaxy Note 8 Power Banks Galaxy Note 8 Screen Protectors Galaxy Note 8 Speakers Galaxy Note 8 Stands Galaxy Note 8 Stylus All Galaxy Note 8 Accessories Galaxy S8 Accessories Galaxy S8 Car Chargers Galaxy S8 Car Holders Galaxy S8 Cases Galaxy S8 Chargers Galaxy S8 Docks Galaxy S8 Power Banks Galaxy S8 Screen Protectors Galaxy S8 Speakers Galaxy S8 Stands Galaxy S8 Stylus All Galaxy S8 Accessories Galaxy S8 Plus Accessories Galaxy S8 Plus Car Chargers Galaxy S8 Plus Car Holders Galaxy S8 Plus Cases Galaxy S8 Plus Chargers Galaxy S8 Plus Docks Galaxy S8 Plus Power Banks Galaxy S8 Plus Screen Protectors Galaxy S8 Plus Speakers Galaxy S8 Plus Stands Galaxy S8 Plus Stylus All Galaxy S8 Plus Accessories Galaxy A5 2017 Accessories Galaxy A5 2017 Car Chargers Galaxy A5 2017 Car Holders Galaxy A5 2017 Cases Galaxy A5 2017 Chargers Galaxy A5 2017 Docks Galaxy A5 2017 Power Banks Galaxy A5 2017 Screen Protectors Galaxy A5 2017 Speakers Galaxy A5 2017 Stylus Galaxy A5 2017 VR Headsets All Galaxy Galaxy A5 2017 Accessories Galaxy S7 Edge Accessories Galaxy S7 Edge Car Holders Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Galaxy S7 Edge Chargers Galaxy S7 Edge Power Banks Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Galaxy S7 Edge Speakers Galaxy S7 Edge Stands Galaxy S7 Edge Stylus Galaxy S7 Edge Qi Wireless Chargers Galaxy S7 Edge VR Headsets All Galaxy S7 Edge Accessories Galaxy S7 Accessories Galaxy S7 Car Holders Galaxy S7 Cases Galaxy S7 Chargers Galaxy S7 Power Banks Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Galaxy S7 Speakers Galaxy S7 Stands Galaxy S7 Stylus Galaxy S7 Qi Wireless Chargers Galaxy S7 VR Headsets All Galaxy S7 Accessories Other Samsung Devices Galaxy S9 Cases Galaxy S9 Plus Cases Galaxy A3 2017 Cases Galaxy J3 2016 Accessories Galaxy J5 2016 Accessories Galaxy A3 2016 Accessories Galaxy A5 2016 Accessories Galaxy S6 Accessories Galaxy S6 Edge Accessories Galaxy Note 5 Accessories Galaxy Note 4 Accessories See all Samsung Devices See all Samsung Accessories Apple iPhone X Accessories iPhone X Cables iPhone X Car Holders iPhone X Cases iPhone X Chargers iPhone X Docks iPhone X Power Banks iPhone X Screen Protectors iPhone X Speakers iPhone X Stylus iPhone X Wireless Chargers All iPhone X Accessories iPhone 8 Accessories iPhone 8 Cables iPhone 8 Car Holders iPhone 8 Cases iPhone 8 Chargers iPhone 8 Docks iPhone 8 Wireless Chargers iPhone 8 Power Banks iPhone 8 Screen Protectors iPhone 8 Speakers iPhone 8 Stylus All iPhone 8 Accessories iPhone 8 Plus Accessories iPhone 8 Plus Cables iPhone 8 Plus Car Holders iPhone 8 Plus Cases iPhone 8 Plus Chargers iPhone 8 Plus Docks iPhone 8 Plus Wireless Chargers iPhone 8 Plus Power Banks iPhone 8 Plus Screen Protectors iPhone 8 Plus Speakers iPhone 8 Plus Stylus All iPhone 8 Plus Accessories iPhone 7 Accessories iPhone 7 Car Holders iPhone 7 Cases iPhone 7 Chargers iPhone 7 Earphones iPhone 7 Power Banks iPhone 7 Screen Protectors iPhone 7 Speakers iPhone 7 Stylus iPhone 7 VR Headsets iPhone 7 Wireless Charging Adapters All iPhone 7 Accessories iPhone 7 Plus Accessories iPhone 7 Plus Car Holders iPhone 7 Plus Cases iPhone 7 Plus Chargers iPhone 7 Plus Headphones & Earphones iPhone 7 Plus Power Banks iPhone 7 Plus Screen Protectors iPhone 7 Plus Speakers iPhone 7 Plus Stylus iPhone 7 Plus VR Headsets iPhone 7 Plus Wireless Charging Adapters All iPhone 7 Plus Accessories iPhone SE Accessories iPhone SE Car Holders iPhone SE Cases iPhone SE Chargers iPhone SE Docks iPhone SE Headphones iPhone SE Power Banks iPhone SE Stands iPhone SE Screen Protectors iPhone SE Speakers iPhone SE Stylus All iPhone SE Accessories iPhone 6S Accessories iPhone 6S Car Holders iPhone 6S Cases iPhone 6S Chargers iPhone 6S Docks iPhone 6S Headphones iPhone 6S Power Banks iPhone 6S Screen Protectors iPhone 6S Stylus iPhone 6S VR Headsets iPhone 6S Wireless Charging All iPhone 6S Accessories More Apple Accessories iPhone Cables iPhone Car Chargers iPhone Car Holders iPhone Cases iPhone Chargers iPhone Covers iPhone Screen Protectors iPhone 6S Plus Cases iPhone 6 Plus Cases iPhone 6 Case See all Apple Devices See accessories for all Apple devices Huawei Huawei P10 Accessories Huawei P10 Car Chargers Huawei P10 Car Holders Huawei P10 Cases Huawei P10 Chargers Huawei P10 Docks Huawei P10 Power Banks Huawei P10 Screen Protectors Huawei P10 Speakers Huawei P10 Stylus Huawei P10 VR Headsets All Huawei P10 Accessories Huawei P10 Lite Accessories Huawei P10 Lite Car Chargers Huawei P10 Lite Car Holders Huawei P10 Lite Cases Huawei P10 Lite Chargers Huawei P10 Lite Docks Huawei P10 Lite Headphones Huawei P10 Lite Power Banks Huawei P10 Lite Screen Protectors Huawei P10 Lite Speakers Huawei P10 Lite Stylus All Huawei P10 Lite Accessories Huawei Mate 10 Pro Accessories Huawei Mate 10 Pro Car Chargers Huawei Mate 10 Pro Car Holders Huawei Mate 10 Pro Cases Huawei Mate 10 Pro Chargers Huawei Mate 10 Pro Docks Huawei Mate 10 Pro Power Banks Huawei Mate 10 Pro Screen Protectors Huawei Mate 10 Pro Speakers Huawei Mate 10 Pro Stylus Huawei Mate 10 Pro VR Headsets All Huawei Mate 10 Pro Accessories Huawei Mate 10 Lite Accessories Huawei Mate 10 Lite Car Chargers Huawei Mate 10 Lite Car Holders Huawei Mate 10 Lite Cases Huawei Mate 10 Lite Chargers Huawei Mate 10 Lite Docks Huawei Mate 10 Lite Headphones Huawei Mate 10 Lite Power Banks Huawei Mate 10 Lite Screen Protectors Huawei Mate 10 Lite Speakers Huawei Mate 10 Lite Stylus All Huawei Mate 10 Lite Accessories Huawei Honor 9 Accessories Huawei Honor 9 Car Chargers Huawei Honor 9 Car Holders Huawei Honor 9 Cases Huawei Honor 9 Chargers Huawei Honor 9 Docks Huawei Honor 9 Headphones Huawei Honor 9 Power Banks Huawei Honor 9 Screen Protectors Huawei Honor 9 Speakers Huawei Honor 9 Stylus All Huawei Honor 9 Accessories Huawei P9 Accessories Huawei P9 Car Chargers Huawei P9 Car Holders Huawei P9 Cases Huawei P9 Chargers Huawei P9 Desk Stands Huawei P9 Docks Huawei P9 Power Banks Huawei P9 Screen Protectors Huawei P9 Speakers Huawei P9 Stylus All Huawei P9 Accessories Huawei P9 Lite Accessories Huawei P9 Lite Car Chargers Huawei P9 Lite Car Holders Huawei P9 Lite Cases Huawei P9 Lite Chargers Huawei P9 Lite Desk Stands Huawei P9 Lite Docks Huawei P9 Lite Power Banks Huawei P9 Lite Screen Protectors Huawei P9 Lite Speakers Huawei P9 Lite Stylus All Huawei P9 Lite Accessories Huawei P8 Lite Accessories Huawei P8 Lite Batteries Huawei P8 Lite Car Chargers Huawei P8 Lite Car Holders Huawei P8 Lite Cases Huawei P8 Lite Chargers Huawei P8 Lite Docks Huawei P8 Lite Headphones Huawei P8 Lite Screen Protectors Huawei P8 Lite Speakers Huawei P8 Lite Stylus All Huawei P8 Lite Accessories See accessories for all Huawei devices Sony Xperia Xperia XZ1 Accessories Xperia XZ1 Car Chargers Xperia XZ1 Car Holders Xperia XZ1 Cases Xperia XZ1 Chargers Xperia XZ1 Docks Xperia XZ1 Headphones Xperia XZ1 Power Banks Xperia XZ1 Screen Protectors Xperia XZ1 Speakers Xperia XZ1 Stylus All Xperia XZ1 Accessories Xperia XZ1 Compact Accessories Xperia XZ1 Compact Car Chargers Xperia XZ1 Compact Car Holders Xperia XZ1 Compact Cases Xperia XZ1 Compact Chargers Xperia XZ1 Compact Docks Xperia XZ1 Compact Headphones Xperia XZ1 Compact Power Banks Xperia XZ1 Compact Screen Protectors Xperia XZ1 Compact Speakers Xperia XZ1 Compact Stylus All Xperia XZ1 Compact Accessories Xperia XZ Premium Accessories Xperia XZ Premium Car Chargers Xperia XZ Premium Car Holders Xperia XZ Premium Cases Xperia XZ Premium Chargers Xperia XZ Premium Docks Xperia XZ Premium Headphones Xperia XZ Premium Power Banks Xperia XZ Premium Screen Protectors Xperia XZ Premium Speakers Xperia XZ Premium Stylus All Xperia XZ Premium Accessories Xperia XA1 Accessories Xperia XA1 Car Chargers Xperia XA1 Car Holders Xperia XA1 Cases Xperia XA1 Chargers Xperia XA1 Docks Xperia XA1 Headphones Xperia XA1 Power Banks Xperia XA1 Screen Protectors Xperia XA1 Speakers Xperia XA1 Stylus All Xperia XA1 Accessories Xperia XA1 Ultra Accessories Xperia XA1 Ultra Car Chargers Xperia XA1 Ultra Car Holders Xperia XA1 Ultra Cases Xperia XA1 Ultra Chargers Xperia XA1 Ultra Docks Xperia XA1 Ultra Headphones Xperia XA1 Ultra Power Banks Xperia XA1 Ultra Screen Protectors Xperia XA1 Ultra Speakers Xperia XA1 Ultra Stylus All Xperia XA1 Ultra Accessories Xperia L1 Accessories Xperia L1 Car Chargers Xperia L1 Car Holders Xperia L1 Cases Xperia L1 Chargers Xperia L1 Docks Xperia L1 Headphones Xperia L1 Power Banks Xperia L1 Screen Protectors Xperia L1 Speakers Xperia L1 Stylus All Xperia L1 Accessories Xperia XZ Accessories Xperia XZ Car Chargers Xperia XZ Car Holders Xperia XZ Cases Xperia XZ Chargers Xperia XZ Docks Xperia XZ Headphones Xperia XZ Power Banks Xperia XZ Screen Protectors Xperia XZ Speakers Xperia XZ Stylus All Xperia XZ Accessories Xperia XA Accessories Xperia XA Car Chargers Xperia XA Car Holders Xperia XA Cases Xperia XA Chargers Xperia XA Docks Xperia XA Headphones Xperia XA Power Banks Xperia XA Screen Protectors Xperia XA Speakers Xperia XA Stylus All Xperia XA Accessories See accessories for all Sony devices Motorola Moto G5S Accessories Moto G5S Chargers Moto G5S Car Chargers Moto G5S Cases Moto G5S Car Holders Moto G5S Docks Moto G5S Headphones Moto G5S Power Banks Moto G5S Screen Protectors Moto G5S Speakers Moto G5S Stylus All Moto G5S Accessories Moto G5S Plus Accessories Moto G5S Plus Car Chargers Moto G5S Plus Car Holders Moto G5S Plus Cases Moto G5S Plus Chargers Moto G5S Plus Docks Moto G5S Plus Headphones Moto G5S Plus Power Banks Moto G5S Plus Screen Protectors Moto G5S Plus Speakers Moto G5S Plus Stylus All Moto G5S Plus Accessories Moto G5 Accessories Moto G5 Car Chargers Moto G5 Car Holders Moto G5 Cases Moto G5 Chargers Moto G5 Docks Moto G5 Headphones Moto G5 Power Banks Moto G5 Screen Protectors Moto G5 Speakers Moto G5 Stylus All Moto G5 Accessories Moto G5 Plus Accessories Moto G5 Plus Car Chargers Moto G5 Plus Car Holders Moto G5 Plus Cases Moto G5 Plus Chargers Moto G5 Plus Docks Moto G5 Plus Headphones Moto G5 Plus Power Banks Moto G5 Plus Screen Protectors Moto G5 Plus Speakers Moto G5 Plus Stylus All Moto G5 Plus Accessories Moto E4 Accessories Moto E4 Car Chargers Moto E4 Car Holders Moto E4 Cases Moto E4 Chargers Moto E4 Docks Moto E4 Headphones Moto E4 Power Banks Moto E4 Screen Protectors Moto E4 Speakers Moto E4 Stylus All Moto E4 Accessories Moto E4 Plus Accessories Moto E4 Plus Car Chargers Moto E4 Plus Car Holders Moto E4 Plus Cases Moto E4 Plus Chargers Moto E4 Plus Desk Stands Moto E4 Plus Docks Moto E4 Plus Power Banks Moto E4 Plus Screen Protectors Moto E4 Plus Speakers Moto E4 Plus Stylus All Moto E4 Plus Accessories Moto G4 Accessories Moto G4 Car Chargers Moto G4 Car Holders Moto G4 Chargers Moto G4 Cases Moto G4 Docks Moto G4 Headphones Moto G4 Power Banks Moto G4 Screen Protectors Moto G4 Speakers Moto G4 Stylus All Moto G4 Accessories Other Moto Devices Moto C Accessories Moto C Plus Accessories Moto G4 Play Accessories Moto G4 Plus Accessories Moto Z Force Accessories Moto Z Play Accessories Moto X Force Accessories Moto X Play Accessories Moto X Style Accessories Moto G 3rd Gen Accessories All Moto Devices See accessories for all Motorola devices Google Google Pixel 2 Accessories Google Pixel 2 Car Chargers Google Pixel 2 Car Holders Google Pixel 2 Cases Google Pixel 2 Chargers Google Pixel 2 Docks Google Pixel 2 Power Banks Google Pixel 2 Screen Protectors Google Pixel 2 Speakers Google Pixel 2 Stands Google Pixel 2 Stylus All Google Pixel 2 Accessories Google Pixel 2 XL Accessories Google Pixel 2 XL Car Chargers Google Pixel 2 XL Car Holders Google Pixel 2 XL Cases Google Pixel 2 XL Chargers Google Pixel 2 XL Docks Google Pixel 2 XL Power Banks Google Pixel 2 XL Screen Protectors Google Pixel 2 XL Speakers Google Pixel 2 XL Stands Google Pixel 2 XL Stylus All Google Pixel 2 XL Accessories Google Pixel Accessories Google Pixel Car Chargers Google Pixel Car Holders Google Pixel Cases Google Pixel Chargers Google Pixel Docks Google Pixel Headphones Google Pixel Power Banks Google Pixel Screen protectors Google Pixel Speakers Google Pixel Stylus All Google Pixel Accessories Google Pixel XL Accessories Google Pixel XL Car Chargers Google Pixel XL Car Holders Google Pixel XL Cases Google Pixel XL Chargers Google Pixel XL Docks Google Pixel XL Headphones Google Pixel XL Power Banks Google Pixel XL Screen Protectors Google Pixel XL Speakers Google Pixel XL Stands All Google Pixel XL Accessories Nexus 6P Accessories Nexus 6P Car Chargers Nexus 6P Car Holders Nexus 6P Cases Nexus 6P Chargers Nexus 6P Desk Stands Nexus 6P Docks Nexus 6P Power Banks Nexus 6P Screen Protectors Nexus 6P Speakers Nexus 6P Stylus All Nexus 6P Accessories Nexus 5X Accessories Nexus 5X Car Chargers Nexus 5X Car Holders Nexus 5X Cases Nexus 5X Chargers Nexus 5X Desk Stands Nexus 5X Docks Nexus 5X Headphones Nexus 5X Screen Protectors Nexus 5X Speakers Nexus 5X Stylus All Nexus 5X Accessories Nexus 5 2013 Accessories Nexus 5 2013 Car Chargers Nexus 5 2013 Car Holders Nexus 5 2013 Cases Nexus 5 2013 Chargers Nexus 5 2013 Desk Stands Nexus 5 2013 Docks Nexus 5 2013 Headphones Nexus 5 2013 Screen Protectors Nexus 5 2013 Speakers Nexus 5 2013 Stylus All Nexus 5 2013 Accessories Google Nexus 7 2013 Accessories Google Nexus 7 2013 Car Chargers Google Nexus 7 2013 Car Holders Google Nexus 7 2013 Cases Google Nexus 7 2013 Chargers Google Nexus 7 2013 Desk Stands Google Nexus 7 2013 Docks Google Nexus 7 2013 Headphones Google Nexus 7 2013 Screen Protectors Google Nexus 7 2013 Speakers Google Nexus 7 2013 Stylus All Google Nexus 7 2013 Accessories See accessories for all Google devices OnePlus OnePlus 5T Accessories OnePlus 5T Car Chargers OnePlus 5T Car Holders OnePlus 5T Cases OnePlus 5T Chargers OnePlus 5T Docks OnePlus 5T Headphones OnePlus 5T Power Banks OnePlus 5T Screen Protectors OnePlus 5T Speakers OnePlus 5T Stylus All OnePlus 5T Accessories OnePlus 5 Accessories OnePlus 5 Car Chargers OnePlus 5 Car Holders OnePlus 5 Cases OnePlus 5 Chargers OnePlus 5 Desk Stands OnePlus 5 Docks OnePlus 5 Power Banks OnePlus 5 Screen Protectors OnePlus 5 Speakers OnePlus 5 Stylus All OnePlus 5 Accessories OnePlus 3T Accessories OnePlus 3T Car Chargers OnePlus 3T Car Holders OnePlus 3T Cases OnePlus 3T Chargers OnePlus 3T Docks OnePlus 3T Headphones OnePlus 3T Screen Protectors OnePlus 3T Speakers OnePlus 3T Stylus OnePlus 3T VR Headsets All OnePlus 3T Accessories OnePlus 3 Accessories OnePlus 3 Car Chargers OnePlus 3 Car Holders OnePlus 3 Cases OnePlus 3 Chargers OnePlus 3 Docks OnePlus 3 Power Banks OnePlus 3 Screen Protecotors OnePlus 3 Speakers OnePlus 3 Stylus OnePlus 3 Stands All OnePlus 3 Accessories OnePlus 2 Accessories OnePlus 2 Cables OnePlus 2 Car Chargers OnePlus 2 Car Holders OnePlus 2 Cases OnePlus 2 Chargers OnePlus 2 Desk Stands OnePlus 2 Docks OnePlus 2 Screen Protectors OnePlus 2 Speakers OnePlus 2 Stylus All OnePlus 2 Accessories OnePlus One Accessories OnePlus One Car Chargers OnePlus One Car Holders OnePlus One Cases OnePlus One Chargers OnePlus One Covers OnePlus One Desk Stands OnePlus One Docks OnePlus One Screen Protectors OnePlus One Speakers OnePlus One Stylus All OnePlus One Accessories LG LG V30 Accessories LG V30 Car Chargers LG V30 Car Holders LG V30 Cases LG V30 Chargers LG V30 Docks LG V30 Headphones LG V30 Power Banks LG V30 Screen Protectors LG V30 Speakers LG V30 VR Headsets All LG V30 Accessories LG G6 Accessories LG G6 Car Chargers LG G6 Car Holders LG G6 Cases LG G6 Chargers LG G6 Docks LG G6 Headphones LG G6 Power Banks LG G6 Screen Protectors LG G6 Speakers LG G6 VR Headsets All LG G6 Accessories LG G5 Accessories LG G5 Car Chargers LG G5 Car Holders LG G5 Cases LG G5 Chargers LG G5 Docks LG G5 and Friends LG G5 Headphones LG G5 Power Banks LG G5 Screen Protectors LG G5 VR Headsets All LG G5 Accessories LG K8 2017 Accessories LG K8 2017 Car Chargers LG K8 2017 Car Holders LG K8 2017 Cases LG K8 2017 Chargers LG K8 2017 Desk Stands LG K8 2017 Docks LG K8 2017 Memory Cards LG K8 2017 Screen Protectors LG K8 2017 Speakers LG K8 2017 Stylus All LG K8 2017 Accessories LG G4 Accessories LG G4 Car Chargers LG G4 Car Holders LG G4 Cases LG G4 Chargers LG G4 Docks LG G4 Headphones LG G4 Keyboards LG G4 Screen Protectors LG G4 Speakers LG G4 Stylus All LG G4 Accessories LG Stylo 2 Accessories LG Stylo 2 Car Chargers LG Stylo 2 Car Holders LG Stylo 2 Cases LG Stylo 2 Chargers LG Stylo 2 Docks LG Stylo 2 Headphones LG Stylo 2 Memory Cards LG Stylo 2 Screen Protectors LG Stylo 2 Speakers LG Stylo 2 Stylus All LG Stylo 2 Accessories LG Stylo 2 Plus Accessories LG Stylo 2 Plus Car Chargers LG Stylo 2 Plus Car Holders LG Stylo 2 Plus Cases LG Stylo 2 Plus Chargers LG Stylo 2 Plus Docks LG Stylo 2 Plus Power Banks LG Stylo 2 Plus Screen Protectors LG Stylo 2 Plus Speakers LG Stylo 2 Plus Stylus LG Stylo 2 Plus VR Headsets All LG Stylo 2 Plus Accessories LG K10 2017 Accessories LG K10 2017 Car Chargers LG K10 2017 Car Holders LG K10 2017 Cases LG K10 2017 Chargers LG K10 2017 Docks LG K10 2017 Memory Cards LG K10 2017 Power Banks LG K10 2017 Screen Protectors LG K10 2017 Speakers LG K10 2017 Stylus All LG K10 2017 Accessories All LG Accessories HTC HTC U11 Plus Accessories HTC U11 Plus Car Chargers HTC U11 Plus Car Holders HTC U11 Plus Cases HTC U11 Plus Chargers HTC U11 Plus Docks HTC U11 Plus Headphones HTC U11 Plus Power Banks HTC U11 Plus Screen Protectors HTC U11 Plus Speakers HTC U11 Plus VR Headsets HTC U11 Plus Accessories HTC U11 Life Accessories HTC U11 Life Car Chargers HTC U11 Life Car Holders HTC U11 Life Cases HTC U11 Life Chargers HTC U11 Life Docks HTC U11 Life Headphones HTC U11 Life Power Banks HTC U11 Life Screen Protectors HTC U11 Life Speakers HTC U11 Life VR Headsets HTC U11 Life Accessories HTC U11 Accessories HTC U11 Car Chargers HTC U11 Car Holders HTC U11 Cases HTC U11 Chargers HTC U11 Docks HTC U11 Headphones HTC U11 Power Banks HTC U11 Screen Protectors HTC U11 Speakers HTC U11 Stylus All HTC U11 Accessories HTC U Play Accessories HTC U Play Car Chargers HTC U Play Car Holders HTC U Play Cases HTC U Play Chargers HTC U Play Desk Stands HTC U Play Docks HTC U Play Headphones HTC U Play Screen Protectors HTC U Play Speakers HTC U Play Stylus All HTC U Play Accessories HTC U Ultra Accessories HTC U Ultra Car Chargers HTC U Ultra Car Holders HTC U Ultra Cases HTC U Ultra Chargers HTC U Ultra Docks HTC U Ultra Power Banks HTC U Ultra Screen Protectors HTC U Ultra Speakers HTC U Ultra Stylus HTC U Ultra VR Headsets All HTC U Ultra Accessories HTC One M9 Accessories HTC One M9 Car Chargers HTC One M9 Car Holders HTC One M9 Cases HTC One M9 Chargers HTC One M9 Docks HTC One M9 Headphones HTC One M9 Power Banks HTC One M9 Screen Protectors HTC One M9 Speakers HTC One M9 Stylus All HTC One M9 Accessories HTC Desire 10 Pro Accessories HTC Desire 10 Pro Car Chargers HTC Desire 10 Pro Car Holders HTC Desire 10 Pro Cases HTC Desire 10 Pro Chargers HTC Desire 10 Pro Desk Stands HTC Desire 10 Pro Docks HTC Desire 10 Pro Headphones HTC Desire 10 Pro Screen Protectors HTC Desire 10 Pro Speakers HTC Desire 10 Pro Stylus All HTC Desire 10 Pro Accessories HTC 10 Accessories HTC 10 Car Chargers HTC 10 Car Holders HTC 10 Cases HTC 10 Chargers HTC 10 Desk Stands HTC 10 Docks HTC 10 Power Banks HTC 10 Screen Protectors HTC 10 Speakers HTC 10 Stylus All HTC 10 Accessories See accessories for all HTC devices iPad iPad Accessories iPad Car Holders iPad Cases iPad Chargers iPad Desk Stands iPad Docks iPad Headphones iPad Keyboards iPad Screen Protectors iPad Smart Covers iPad Stylus All iPad Accessories iPad 9.7 2017 Accessories iPad 9.7 2017 Cables iPad 9.7 2017 Car Holders iPad 9.7 2017 Cases iPad 9.7 2017 Chargers iPad 9.7 2017 Docks iPad 9.7 2017 Headphones iPad 9.7 2017 Power Banks iPad 9.7 2017 Screen Protectors iPad 9.7 2017 Speakers iPad 9.7 2017 Stylus All iPad 9.7 2017 Accessories iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Accessories iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Cables iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Car Holders iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Cases iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Chargers iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Docks iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Headphones iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Keyboards iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Screen Protectors iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Speakers iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Stylus All iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Accessories iPad Pro 10.5 Accessories iPad Pro 10.5 Cables iPad Pro 10.5 Car Holders iPad Pro 10.5 Cases iPad Pro 10.5 Chargers iPad Pro 10.5 Docks iPad Pro 10.5 Headphones iPad Pro 10.5 Keyboards iPad Pro 10.5 Screen Protectors iPad Pro 10.5 Speakers iPad Pro 10.5 Stylus All iPad Pro 10.5 Accessories iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Accessories iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Cables iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Car Holders iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Cases iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Chargers iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Docks iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Headphones iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Keyboards iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Screen Protectors iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Speakers iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Stylus All iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Accessories iPad Air 2 Accessories iPad Air 2 Cables iPad Air 2 Car Holders iPad Air 2 Cases iPad Air 2 Chargers iPad Air 2 Docks iPad Air 2 Headphones iPad Air 2 Keyboards iPad Air 2 Screen Protectors iPad Air 2 Speakers iPad Air 2 Stylus All iPad Air 2 Accessories iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Accessories iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Cables iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Car Holders iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Cases iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Chargers iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Docks iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Headphones iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Keyboards iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Screen Protectors iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Speakers iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Stylus All iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Accessories iPad Mini 4 Accessories iPad Mini 4 Cables iPad Mini 4 Car Holders iPad Mini 4 Cases iPad Mini 4 Chargers iPad Mini 4 Docks iPad Mini 4 Headphones iPad Mini 4 Keyboards iPad Mini 4 Screen Protectors iPad Mini 4 Speakers iPad Mini 4 Stylus All iPad Mini 4 Accessories MacBook MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar Accessories Pro 13 with Touch Bar Adapters Pro 13 with Touch Bar Cables Pro 13 with Touch Bar Cases Pro 13 with Touch Bar Chargers Pro 13 with Touch Bar Dongles Pro 13 with Touch Bar Headphones Pro 13 with Touch Bar Screen Protectors Pro 13 with Touch Bar Stands All Pro 13 with Touch Bar Accessories MacBook Pro 15 with Touch Bar Accessories Pro 15 with Touch Bar Adapters Pro 15 with Touch Bar Cables Pro 15 with Touch Bar Cases Pro 15 with Touch Bar Chargers Pro 15 with Touch Bar Dongles Pro 15 with Touch Bar Headphones Pro 15 with Touch Bar Screen Protectors Pro 15 with Touch Bar Stands All Pro 15 with Touch Bar Accessories MacBook Pro Retina 13 Accessories MacBook Pro Retina 13 Bluetooth Headsets MacBook Pro Retina 13 Cables MacBook Pro Retina 13 Cases MacBook Pro Retina 13 Chargers MacBook Pro Retina 13 Desk Stands MacBook Pro Retina 13 Docks MacBook Pro Retina 13 Memory Cards MacBook Pro Retina 13 Screen Protectors All MacBook Pro Retina 13 Accessories MacBook Pro Retina 15 Accessories MacBook Pro Retina 15 Bluetooth Headsets MacBook Pro Retina 15 Cables MacBook Pro Retina 15 Cases MacBook Pro Retina 15 Chargers MacBook Pro Retina 15 Desk Stands MacBook Pro Retina 15 Memory Cards MacBook Pro Retina 15 Screen Protectors MacBook Pro Retina 15 Speakers All MacBook Pro Retina 15 Accessories MacBook 12 Inch Accessories MacBook 12 Inch Bluetooth Headsets MacBook 12 Inch Cables MacBook 12 Inch Cases MacBook 12 Inch Chargers MacBook 12 Inch Desk Stands MacBook 12 Inch Headphones MacBook 12 Inch Screen Protectors MacBook 12 Inch Speakers All MacBook 12 Inch Accessories MacBook Air 13 Accessories MacBook Air 13 Bluetooth Headsets MacBook Air 13 Cables MacBook Air 13 Cases MacBook Air 13 Chargers MacBook Air 13 Desk Stands MacBook Air 13 Headphones MacBook Air 13 Screen Protectors MacBook Air 13 Speakers All MacBook Air 13 Accessories MacBook Pro 15 Accessories MacBook Pro 15 Bluetooth Headsets MacBook Pro 15 Cables MacBook Pro 15 Cases MacBook Pro 15 Chargers MacBook Pro 15 Desk Stands MacBook Pro 15 Memory Cards MacBook Pro 15 Screen Protectors MacBook Pro 15 Speakers All MacBook Pro 15 Accessories MacBook Pro 13 Accessories MacBook Pro 13 Bluetooth Headsets MacBook Pro 13 Cables MacBook Pro 13 Cases MacBook Pro 13 Chargers MacBook Pro 13 Desk Stands MacBook Pro 13 Docks MacBook Pro 13 Memory Cards MacBook Pro 13 Screen Protectors All MacBook Pro 13 Accessories Accessories By Manufacturer Apple Blackberry OnePlus Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Vodafone View all Manufacturers By type Bluetooth Headphones Bluetooth Keyboards Bluetooth Speakers Car Phone Holders Cases Chargers GoPro & Action Camera Headphones Qi Wireless Chargers Screen Protectors SIM Free Phones Wireless Earbuds & Earphones VR Headsets View all Types By Brand Aircharge Griffin Ghostek LuMee Moshi Obliq Olixar OtterBox Spigen Urban Armor Gear Vaja Veho Verus View All Brands USB-C Accessories USB-C Adapters USB-C Cables USB-C Car Chargers USB-C Chargers USB-C Docks USB-C Hubs USB-C Mains Chargers USB-C Memory Sticks USB-C Power Banks USB-C SD Card Readers USB-C to Ethernet Adapters USB-C to HDMI Adapters USB-C to USB Adapters View All USB-C Accessories Featured Categories Apple Watch Straps and Bands iPad Accessories iPad Cases iPhone Accessories iPhone 5S Cases iPhone 5 Cases Official Samsung Batteries Samsung Galaxy Cases Samsung Galaxy S5 Cases Samsung Wireless Chargers Sony Xperia Cases Nintendo Switch Accessories Nintendo Switch Cables Nintendo Switch Car Holders Nintendo Switch Cases Nintendo Switch Charging Docks Nintendo Switch Chargers Nintendo Switch Memory Cards Nintendo Switch Screen Protectors Nintendo Switch Stands All Nintendo Switch Accessories Blackberry KEYone Accessories Blackberry KEYone Car Chargers Blackberry KEYone Car Holders Blackberry KEYone Cases & Covers Blackberry KEYone Chargers Blackberry KEYone Desk Stands Blackberry KEYone Docks Blackberry KEYone Headphones Blackberry KEYone Screen Protectors Blackberry KEYone Speakers Blackberry KEYone Stylus All Blackberry KEYone Accessories BlackBerry Motion Accessories BlackBerry Motion Car Chargers BlackBerry Motion Car Holders BlackBerry Motion Cases & Covers BlackBerry Motion Chargers BlackBerry Motion Docks BlackBerry Motion Headphones BlackBerry Motion Screen Protectors BlackBerry Motion Speakers BlackBerry Motion Stands BlackBerry Motion Stylus All BlackBerry Motion Accessories Daily Deal Help Give Feedback Track My Order My Account Change Currency GBP (£) EUR (€) USD ($). Huge selection of award winning products. 4 million orders shipped & 145,000 customer reviews. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Cases and Covers. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Cases and Covers. Olixar Rotating 5.5 Inch Leather-Style Universal Phone Case - Black. Olixar Rotating 5.5 Inch Leather-Style Universal Phone Case - Red. Encase Rotating 5.5 Inch Leather-Style Universal Phone Case - Brown. DiCAPac Universal Waterproof Case for Smartphones up to 5.7" - Blue. Krusell Hector 4XL Leather Pouch Case - Black. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Screen Protectors. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Screen Protectors. Crystalusion Plus Active Anti-Bacteria Screen Protection. Whoosh! Diamond Defense Liquid Screen Protection. Olixar CleanSeal Active Defense Liquid Screen Cleaning and Protection. Phonesoap Natural Antibacterial Touch Screen Polish. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Chargers. Official Samsung 3-in-1 Micro USB / USB-C Charge & Sync Cable - White. Olixar Universal High Power Tablet Charger - Mains. Official Samsung Adaptive Fast Charger - Black. Veho TA-1 Universal 4-Port USB World Travel Mains Charger 3.5A - Black. Olixar Retractable 3.4A Micro USB In-Car Charger with USB Port. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Car Holders. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Car Holders. Olixar inVent Mini Portable Universal Air Vent Smartphone Car Holder. Olixar OmniHolder Universal Case Compatible In-Car Mount. Olixar Dock & Go Car Holder. Olixar CD Slot Mount Universal Case Compatible Car Holder. Olixar Universal Smartphone Windscreen In-Car Holder. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Car Chargers. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Car Chargers. Official Samsung 3-in-1 Micro USB / USB-C Charge & Sync Cable - White. Olixar Retractable 3.4A Micro USB In-Car Charger with USB Port. Universal Magnetic Cable Manager w/ 3x Cable Holders. 4smarts High Power 4 Port USB Family Car Charger. Olixar 3-in-1 Charging Cable (Apple 30-pin, Lightning, Micro USB) - 1m. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Headphones. SoundMAGIC E10 In-Ear Headphones - Gunmetal. Veho 360 ZS-2 Water-Resistant Flat Flex Cord Sports Earphones. GoGear Tunes Noise-Isolating Earphones with Mic. Official Motorola HK255 Bluetooth Hands Free Headset. Samsung U Flex Bluetooth Sports Headphones - Black. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Desktop Chargers. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Desktop Chargers. Olixar Aspect Premium Universal Metal Smartphone & Tablet Stand. Macally UniStrip II UK 4-Port USB Wall Charger. Olixar Desk Genie Non-Slip Charging Desk Stand. Olixar Alpha Universal Premium Metal Smartphone & Tablet Stand. Kidigi Omni Universal Smartphone Desktop Charging Dock - Micro USB. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Cables. Official Samsung 3-in-1 Micro USB / USB-C Charge & Sync Cable - White. 3x Universal Power, Data & Sync Cable - Micro USB. Olixar 3-in-1 USB-C, Lightning & Micro USB Braided Tough Cable. Universal Magnetic Cable Manager w/ 3x Cable Holders. STK Short Micro USB Magnetic Charge and Sync Cable - Grey. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Speakers. Ninety7 Vaux Amazon Echo Dot Dock & Bluetooth Speaker - Black. Star Wars Mini Stormtrooper Bluetooth Speaker. Veho M7 Mode Retro Bluetooth Portable Wireless Speaker. iLuv Aud Click Alexa Voice-Controlled Bluetooth & Wi-Fi Speaker. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Stylus. Olixar HexStyli 6-in-1 Stylus Pen - Black. Prestigio Duo Universal 2-in-1 Stylus Pen - Black. Adonit Mini 3 Precision Stylus - Black. Adonit Mini 3 Precision Stylus - Silver. Adonit Mini 3 Precision Stylus - Rose Gold. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Bluetooth Car Kits. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Bluetooth Car Kits. KitSound MyJack 2 3.5mm Aux Bluetooth Adapter. Bitmore Audio Buddy Wireless Bluetooth 3.5mm Headphone Adapter. Clip & Talk Multipoint Bluetooth Hands-free Car Kit. SuperTooth Buddy Bluetooth v2.1 Hands-free Visor Car Kit. Griffin iTrip Clip Bluetooth Headphone Adapter. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Car Kits. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Car Kits. KitSound MyJack 2 3.5mm Aux Bluetooth Adapter. Bitmore Audio Buddy Wireless Bluetooth 3.5mm Headphone Adapter. Clip & Talk Multipoint Bluetooth Hands-free Car Kit. SuperTooth Buddy Bluetooth v2.1 Hands-free Visor Car Kit. Griffin iTrip Clip Bluetooth Headphone Adapter. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Mains Chargers. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Mains Chargers. Olixar Universal High Power Tablet Charger - Mains. Official Samsung Adaptive Fast Charger - Black. Veho TA-1 Universal 4-Port USB World Travel Mains Charger 3.5A - Black. OneAdaptr Flip Duo Foldable Mains Charger 3.4A - White. I-Star 10.6A 5 Port USB Hub Bookend Charger. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Docks. Olixar Aspect Premium Universal Metal Smartphone & Tablet Stand. Olixar Alpha Universal Premium Metal Smartphone & Tablet Stand. Kidigi Omni Universal Smartphone Desktop Charging Dock - Micro USB. Charge Pit 6-Port Universal Charging Station - Arctic White. Satechi 7-Port Universal USB Charging Station & Dock - Black. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Batteries. Kit 2000mAh Universal Portable Power Bank Emergency Battery - Gold. KSIX Universal Micro USB Qi Wireless Charging Receiver. Beeyo Compact Mirror 3000mAh Universal Power Bank - Black. 2 Port USB Double UK Plug Socket with Phone Shelf. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Bluetooth Headsets. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Bluetooth Headsets. Official Motorola HK255 Bluetooth Hands Free Headset. Samsung U Flex Bluetooth Sports Headphones - Black. Avantree Jogger Plus Wireless Bluetooth Sports In-Ear Headphones. ADVANCED SOUND Model 3 Hi-resolution Wireless In-ear Monitors - Black. Celly 2-in-1 Bluetooth Headset & Fast Car Charger. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Desk Stands. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Desk Stands. Olixar Aspect Premium Universal Metal Smartphone & Tablet Stand. PopSockets Universal Smartphone 2-in-1 Stand & Grip - Blue Nebula. PopSockets Universal Smartphone 2-in-1 Stand & Grip - Aluminium Black. Macally Clipmount Clip-On Universal Smartphone / Tablet Mount Holder. PopSockets Universal Smartphone 2-in-1 Stand & Grip - Blush Pink. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Hands Free Kits. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Hands Free Kits. Griffin iTrip AUX Bluetooth Car Adapter. Griffin iTrip Lightning To Aux Car Adapter & Charger with Auto Pilot. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Memory Cards. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Memory Cards. Samsung 64GB MicroSDXC EVO Plus Memory Card w/ SD Adapter - Class 10. Samsung 256GB MicroSDXC EVO Plus Memory Card w/ SD Adapter - Class 10. Samsung 128GB MicroSDXC EVO Plus Memory Card w/ SD Adapter - Class 10. Samsung 16GB MicroSDHC EVO GoPro Memory Card - Class 10. Samsung EVO Plus 128GB MicroSDXC Card - Class 10. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Mobile Data. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Mobile Data. Desire2 2-in-1 Universal Wireless Keyboard & Touchpad Mouse - Black. Kanex MultiSync Universal Foldable Bluetooth Mini Travel Keyboard. Universal Bluetooth AZERTY Keyboard with Sleep Function. Huawei WS320 Wireless Repeater and Wi-Fi Range Extender. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Novelty and Fun. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Novelty and Fun. RFID Blocking Credit Card Data Theft Protection Sleeve. Olixar Anti-Hack Webcam Cover for Smartphones, Laptops and Tablets. Olixar Premium HD Camera Lens Kit. United In-Car Programmable Scrolling LED Message Board. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Spares. Olixar HexStyli 6-in-1 Stylus Pen - Black. Prestigio Duo Universal 2-in-1 Stylus Pen - Black. Adonit Mini 3 Precision Stylus - Black. Adonit Mini 3 Precision Stylus - Silver. Adonit Mini 3 Precision Stylus - Rose Gold. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Stereo Bluetooth Headsets. Show more Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Stereo Bluetooth Headsets. Official Motorola HK255 Bluetooth Hands Free Headset. Samsung U Flex Bluetooth Sports Headphones - Black. Avantree Jogger Plus Wireless Bluetooth Sports In-Ear Headphones. ADVANCED SOUND Model 3 Hi-resolution Wireless In-ear Monitors - Black. Celly 2-in-1 Bluetooth Headset & Fast Car Charger. Search by device, brand or item. Basket - 0 items - $0.00. Inform me first about special offers and new products. Copyright © 2018 Mobile Fun Limited All rights reserved. iPhone 7 Plus Wireless Charging Cases. 
Menu Android iOS Reviews Features How-to About Contact us YouTube Podcast Social Instagram Feed Facebook Twitter. Vodafone Smart speed 6 – Review. Leigh Geary October 20, 2015. You’ve really got to mention the price in the introductory paragraph for this particular device. For just £50 on Vodafone Pay As You Go it’s insanely cheap. Some of you probably pay more than that per month on a contract .. This is the Vodafone Smart speed 6, a handset which is actually made by an operation called TCL Communication and to be honest I personally think it’s a rebadged Pixi 3 (4.5) because, comparing the two, they look exactly the same.. The specs include Android 5.1 and that 4.5″ touchscreen running at 854×480. The DPI is 240PPI and they don’t appear to have stuck a light sensor in here, so you have to manually control the screen backlight because it won’t adjust depending on light conditions. The upshot of this is that you crank the screen brightness up full-blast when you’re outside (only to find that the screen is near-unusable in the daylight) and then have to struggle with the screen being ultra-bright in the evening when you’re at home. That said, the brightness control is fairly easy to get to right up the top of the screen – just slide down from the top and you’ll see a slider. I will confess, however, that the screen (indoors, with the brightness set correctly) is definitely very usable and you don’t get that low-resolution “big text” feeling that I’ve seen on other budget devices.. The handset also features a 5 megapixel rear camera which decent enough if you’re shooting a brightly-lit outside scenic shot. The flash helps a little on inside shots, and if you take a little time to frame a shot you should be OK. There is a HDR mode which shows some sort of willing, but anything fast-moving will blur and it could be out of focus it the photo is challenging in any way. The same can be said about the 2 megapixel front camera. Although it’s not a VGA unit, it’s still in the bargain-basement area so selfies aren’t going to look fantastic unless you have a moosh like Kelly Brook.. The back of the phone, which wraps around the sides and transposes those external buttons to switches on the chassis, is a plastic finish. If you do pop the back off you’ll find a 1780mAh battery, microSIM and microSD slot.. This handset also, as the name suggests, does both 3G and 4G. You’ve got WiFi and Blueooth, plus GPS and 8GB of internal storage. I’d heartily recommend getting a microSD card because that 8GB will be half-way gone within seconds of you setting up. There’s a lot of Vodafone apps on here, including Smart Tips (for helping you use the phone), Vodafone Start (for access to exclusive services and new apps etc), Direct Accessories (for buying headphones, microSD cards and the like) plus updates. Thankfully a lot of these apps can actually be removed if you don’t fancy them, which should free up a bit of space too.. The CPU powering all this is a quad-core 1.1 GHz chip, but we saw the phone actually report a 1GHz quad-core unit.. Up top, a second microphone for noise reduction and a 3.5mm audio port for your headphones. The left side is completely blank.. Meanwhile, on the right, the power key sits at the top and the audio controls are just below. They’re a little thin and hitting that power key can take a little more pressure than you may be used to.. Down the bottom, the microUSB charging point. There’s a small lip for levering off the rear panel too. On the rear, that backwards-facing camera sits next to the external speaker and above the Vodafone logo as you can see. The front of the unit passes my “border / screen ratio” test, sand there’s just enough screen and just the right amount of border. At the top, next to the earpiece, a small LED will flash if there’s anything you should know about.. Down the bottom of the screen those three off-screen capacitive buttons aren’t actually lit up in my photos – these are actually etched onto the front of the device.. Inside Android 5.1 powers the show and performs relatively OK provided you don’t chuck some CPU-intensive games at it. Scrolling up and down, especially on the bright white menus, can result in some blurring as the motion kicks in. It’s not as bad as other cheap handsets I’ve seen though.. Vodafone have also added their Call+ and Message+ system – something we’ve seen in action fairly recently. Voice calls get presentation features on Call+, so you can add images, sketches and drawings. Quite nice, but if the person you’re calling doesn’t have it then the standard call is still there. It’s all integrated with the dialler.. All the Google apps are here, so despite the fact that your phone only costs £50, you’ll still get YouTube, Gmail, Calendar, Play Music, Maps, Hangouts, Movies and everything in between. I installed all my usual apps and, apart from a bit of slowness on hefty websites in the browser, it seemed to operate fairly well.. This being a budget handset, there’s lots of ways to keep data usage down and maintain control over what your phone is doing. That’s a good thing at this price point... If you’re careful and compose shots, you’ll get a fairly decent image from the two shooters on this handset. That said, most people expect just to snap and shoot, and a bit more care is needed.. Oh, and don’t forget that both cameras are fixed focus.. The camera app includes a night mode, sports mode and HDR. You can even go to manual mode if you want to faff around with all the advanced settings.. The settings, which are fairly appropriate on a low-end device like this, stick with fairly generic settings like “Photo size – Small, Medium, Large”. There’s no real mention of megapixels here.. I’ve got a few shots below... There was a time where £50 would get you a truly terrible device which was annoyingly unusable. It’d have a VGA camera, an awful screen and pap build quality. Now, however, we’re getting 5 megapixel rear camera which is actually fairly decent and a screen which is passable when used indoors. We’ve come a long way, but sadly that screen doesn’t quite cut it in the sunlight, even if it is brighter and a little larger than the devices I’ve used in the past.. Other than that, there wasn’t a great deal that was all that bad here. You’ve got to set your expectations really. For £50 it’s the best camera, CPU and screen you’re going to get I guess, but I would’ve paid a little more for a light sensor.. Get the Smart speed 6 for £50 on Pay As You Go on Vodafone.. You've really got to mention the price in the introductory paragraph for this particular device. For just £50 on Vodafone Pay As You Go it's insanely cheap. Some of you probably pay more than that per month on a contract. This is the Vodafone Smart speed 6, a handset which is actually made by an operation called TCL Communication and to be honest I personally think it's a rebadged Pixi 3 (4.5) because, comparing the two, they look exactly the same. The specs include Android 5.1 and that 4.5" touchscreen running at 854x480. The DPI is 240PPI and they don't appear to have stuck a light sensor in here, so you have to manually control the screen backlight because it won't adjust depending on light conditions. The upshot of this is that you crank the screen brightness up full-blast when you're outside (only to find that the screen is near-unusable in the daylight) and then have to struggle with the screen being ultra-bright in the evening when you're at home. That said, the brightness control is fairly easy to get to right up the top of the screen - just slide down from the top and you'll see a slider. I will confess, however, that the screen (indoors, with the brightness set correctly) is definitely very usable and you don't get that low-resolution "big text" feeling that I've seen on other budget devices. The handset also features a 5 megapixel rear camera which decent enough if you're shooting a brightly-lit outside scenic shot. The flash helps a little on inside shots, and if you take a little time to frame a shot you should be OK. There is a HDR mode which shows some sort of willing, but anything fast-moving will blur and it could be out of focus it the photo is challenging in any way. The same can be said about the 2 megapixel front camera. Although it's not a VGA unit, it's still in the bargain-basement area so selfies aren't going to look fantastic unless you have a moosh like Kelly Brook. The back of the phone, which wraps around the sides and transposes those external buttons to switches on the chassis, is a plastic finish. If you do pop the back off you'll find a 1780mAh battery, microSIM and microSD slot. This handset also, as the name suggests, does both 3G and 4G. You've got WiFi and Blueooth, plus GPS and 8GB of internal storage. I'd heartily recommend getting a microSD card because that 8GB will be half-way gone within seconds of you setting up. There's a lot of Vodafone apps on here, including Smart Tips (for helping you use the phone), Vodafone Start (for access to exclusive services and new apps etc), Direct Accessories (for buying headphones, microSD cards and the like) plus updates. Thankfully a lot of these apps can actually be removed if you don't fancy them, which should free up a bit of space too. The CPU powering all this is a…. Vodafone Smart speed 6 – Review. Vodafone Smart speed 6 – Review. Vodafone Smart speed 6 Review 8. For £50, you're not going to get a leading-edge spec-filled device, but what you do receive is a pretty decent effort.. EE launch a superhero for your kids - The Robin. Three hit the boost button - 4G speeds increased by 50%. Share: Facebook Twitter Pinterest Linkedin Google+ Email. Coolsmartphone Podcast 222 Porgi Intervention [Read More...]. Podcast: Play in new window. Subscribe: Apple Podcasts | Android | RSS. DJI Mavic Air unboxing video and first impressions. Honor 9 Lite – Video review. VAVA MOOV 28 Wireless Sports Earphones – Review. Huawei Watch 2 (4G) – Review. EBox T8 V TV box – Review. PrimAcc Qi Quick Wireless Charging Stand – Review. Honor 9 vs Honor 9 Lite – The camera test… and a rant. People are still using their phones at the wheel. Why fighting them isn’t exactly straightforward.. Video Downloader Samsung Galaxy S9 Release Date is sooner than you think!. 
Internet με μηνιαία έκπτωση έως 15€. Φυσικό αέριο από τα καταστήματα Vodafone. Μάθε τις μοναδικές δυνατότητες του Vodafone eShop. Οι τιμές των κινητών στα προγράμματα συμβολαίου περιλαμβάνουν ΦΠΑ και προκύπτουν με νέα σύνδεση Vodafone 18μηνης διάρκειας.. Copyright © 2018 Vodafone Group | Vodafone.com. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Electronics Best Sellers Deals Phones & Accessories TVs & Home Cinema Camera & Photo Audio & HiFi Computers & Accessories Wearable Technology Accessories Car Electronics. view or change your orders in Your Account. see our delivery rates and policies. thinking of returning an item ? (See our Returns Policy ). still have questions? Visit our Help Pages. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid UK postcode.. Please enter a valid UK postcode.. Dispatching to a British Forces Post Office? Change your region to 'UK - BFPO’ below:. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Pay As You Go Android Smartphone Handset - Anthracite. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Dispatched from and sold by gsm m .. The Vodafone Smart speed 6 with Android 5.1 Lollipop does everything you'd expect from a 4G smartphone, but at an unexpectedly low price. The combination of a powerful processor and Vodafone's ultrafast 4G network means you can stream high-quality music, HD movies or run multiple apps at the same time. With a 4.5 inch display, it's small enough to use one-handed but big enough to enjoy your favourite games and movies. Take impressive photos on the 5 megapixel rear camera and your selfies from the 2 megapixel front camera. 4G network with excellent UK coverage for calls, texts and mobile broadband. What you need to know – This product has an IMEI that uniquely identifies it. When we dispatch your order, we will scan the IMEI and add it to the order history. Where the item is not received, Amazon may register the IMEI with loss and theft databases to help prevent any fraudulent use or reselling of the item. This information is shared in accordance with the Amazon.co.uk Privacy Notice. There is no action required from you and the IMEI will only be used for this purpose.. These items are dispatched from and sold by different sellers. This item: Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Pay As You Go Android Smartphone Handset - Anthracite £69.99. Sent from and sold by gsm m.. Vodafone Pay As You Go Dual SIM Card with Standard and Micro Adapters £0.01. Sent from and sold by Red Communications.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Premium PU Leather Wallet Flip Skin Case Cover in BLACK with Screen Protector and Polishing Cloth. Vodafone Pay As You Go Dual SIM Card with Standard and Micro Adapters. 6x Savvies Screen Protector for Vodafone Smart Speed 6 - Protection-Film, HD Crystal-Clear, Bubble-Free. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Premium PU Leather Wallet Flip Skin Case Cover in DARK BLUE with Screen Protector and Polishing Cloth. ( Glass pack of 1) Tempered Glass screen protector for Vodafone Smart speed 6 Mobile Phone Durable Tempered Glass Crystal Clear + Polishing Cloth & Application Card by i- Tronixs. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Pay As You Go Handset Smartphone - Silver. Also check our best rated Smart Phone reviews. Instantly receive a £10 Amazon.co.uk Gift Card if you’re approved for the Amazon Platinum Mastercard with Instant Spend. Credit offered by NewDay Ltd, over 18s only, subject to status. 6.9 x 14.1 x 1.4 cm. 7.24 x 1.2 x 14.2 cm. 0.75 x 7.3 x 14.7 cm. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; radio; wifi; GPS; internet; Quad_core_processor; front_camera; flash. MT6737 Quad Core Android 6.0; Android 6.0; 2GB RAM+16GB ROM; 8.0MP Camera; 4000mAh Battery. camera; face_detection; quad_core_processor; flash; front_camera; GPS; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; e-mail; usb; wifi. Bluetooth; GSM; GPRS; EDGE; WiFi; 3G; 4G. 3G; 4G; Bluetooth; Edge; GPRS; GSM; HSDPA; WiFi. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Pay As You Go Android Smartphone Handset - Anthracite. [Official Store] DOOGEE X5 Max Pro Smartphone, Android 6.0 4G SIM-Free Unlocked Cell Phones - 5 Inch HD IPS Display - 2GB RAM+16GB ROM - 5.0MP+8.0MP Camera - 4000mAh Fingerprint Mobile Phone - Black. Motorola Moto G 3rd Generation LTE UK SIM-Free Smartphone - Black. Huawei P9 Lite UK SIM-Free Smartphone - Black. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Delivery Destinations: Visit the Delivery Destinations Help page to see where this item can be delivered. Find out more about our Delivery Rates and Returns Policy. Date first available at Amazon.co.uk: 17 Feb. 62,228 in Electronics & Photo ( See Top 100 in Electronics & Photo ). Electronics & Photo > Phones > Mobile Phones & Communication > Mobile Phones & Smartphones > SIM-Free Mobile Phones & Smartphones. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. The 4.5-inch Vodafone Smart Speed 6 with Android 5.1 Lollipop does everything you'd expect from a 4G smartphone, but at an unexpectedly low price.. The combination of a powerful processor and our ultrafast 4G network means you can stream high-quality music, HD movies or run multiple apps at the same time - without having to wait for your phone to keep up.. The Vodafone Smart Speed 6 runs Android 5.1 Lollipop so you can enjoy the most up-to-date Android experience with access to over a million apps - at a price to rival any 4G Smartphone on the market.. With a 4.5-inch display, it's small enough to use one-handed but big enough to enjoy your favourite games and movies, the photos you take on the 5 megapixel rear camera and your selfies from the 2 megapixel front camera.. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Handset Headset USB Cable User Manual. UK coverage for calls, texts and mobile broadband. Network built so that signals from our masts overlap each other. Meaning fewer dropped calls and better mobile broadband, making sure that you get the fastest service possible – even at the busiest times of the day.. The Vodafone Smart speed 6 with Android 5.1 Lollipop does everything you'd expect from a 4G smartphone, but at an unexpectedly low price.. The combination of a powerful processor and our ultrafast 4G network means you can stream high-quality music, HD movies or run multiple apps at the same time - without having to wait for your phone to keep up.. The Vodafone Smart Speed 6 runs Android 5.1 Lollipop so you can enjoy the most up-to-date Android experience with access to over a million apps - at a price to rival any 4G Smartphone on the market.. With a 4.5-inch display, it's small enough to use one-handed but big enough to enjoy your favourite games and movies, the photos you take on the 5 megapixel rear camera and your selfies from the 2 megapixel front camera.. 13 megapixels, 4x digital zoom, LED flash. What do customers buy after viewing this item?. Smart First 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. £ 15 00 Amazon Prime. Pay As You Go Sim Card. £ 0 01 Add-on Item. 5 star 42% 4 star 26% 3 star 16% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 16%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great so far. Just taken delivery and very pleased so far, although the Vodafone system for topping up, buying "bundles", etc., is not very user-friendly. This review is for the handset anyway, which seems to be very good for the price. I always shop around for the best value, checking reviews and specifications before I buy anything. This was the right spec for me and my budget. I wanted 4G for good speeds accessing the internet, & using apps like Spotify, Twitter, Amazon, etc., while on the move. I don't use the phone much for making long calls, but use it more for texting & browsing online. I don't expect to use it much for taking photos, but the camera does seem pretty good for simple needs: posting to Instagram, Flickr, Twitter, attaching to text messages, etc., if you're out and about and want to share an event, a view, a nice meal, and so on. I'm used to Android as an operating system, so I find that easy to use, and when you're at home or in a WiFi hotspot you can take advantage of using the internet rather than the 4G phone network, which obviously eats into your call / text / data allowance depending on your contract or Pay-As-You-Go package. Nice design - fast response time - option for bigger screen icons if you have 'fat fingers' or don't like too much on screen clutter - decent camera - lots of apps available - sound quality good & works with my Bluetooth headphones... what more could you want for under £50? Let's hope it's reliable in the long-term!. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Phone completely died 5.5 weeks after purchase, deadline to return was only 4 weeks - feel robbed. Months later sitting in Vodafone shop 9 months later and they won't replace as under 12 month warranty. This phone has been faulty from start. This phone started giving problems with not turning on, taking ages, at about 4 weeks. It has now completely died just 5.5 weeks after purchase. I do wonder about the authenticity- why only give four weeks to return, it should not have died so quickly. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Good little phone. I bought this for my 9 year old son solely for use with Pokemon Go and for that purpose it works exceptionally well That aside I think this is a decent little phone especially for the price, if you want a cheap phone that does everything well, if not spectacularly, then look no further Pros Good price Very little bloatware Android is so easy to use Cons The screen isn't the best (but for £40 it's forgivable). Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Hard to believe they can make such a good phone for the price. A super little phone for the price £50. Does what it says on the tin and runs much more smoothly than an older version vodafone that I purchased. It's worth noting the screen scrwthes very easily so you should 100% use a screen protector and the charg3r seems to sit very loosely in the phone, that said it charges fine. A perfect starter smartphone or in my case a cheap one that I can use for work. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Works OK but has issues.. This is a decent enough phone which comes with no guide or instructions whatsoever. I use a PAYG phone as I work from home so don't need to make many calls. A PAYG phone should be cheap for light usage. Vodafone doesn't tell you what apps use "data" and then charges you for using "data". I don't mind paying for what I use but they charge £2 a day which is a bit of a shock when I've only used the phone for a very short time. Normally £15 or £20 top-up will last me ages. So £2 a day buts a serious dent in that. So I've figured out how to turn off data roaming which renders some apps useless. Bit of a shame that they can't charge a reasonable amount for "data". But I guess this is common with other providers(?) We don't have a good signal here so the phone seems to wear down the battery in no time. When I'm in an area with a good signal the battery lasts much longer. I got a new phone because my old battery was failing to charge. This one needs charging up all the time. It makes a mockery of being a mobile phone when it has to be plugged into the mains so much. For the price this is a great deal. It's a shame they didn't give it a better camera or more memory. I've put in a 32 Gb but it is struggling to allow app updates when I have few additional apps. I'm not certain which of the stored apps can be removed as some of them seem to insist on being installed so you're stuck with a phone that hadn't sufficient room to store things. Vodafone also sends you tons of spam asking about bundles and points and collecting tokens or some such thing. After just setting the thing up I'm bombarded with things asking me to send in codes to certain numbers which gets rather confusing when you're trying to enter codes to confirm you're using the phone your setting up. Vodafone somehow managed to take £10 from my account for a bundle I never asked for or received and then tried to take £10 every month. With only a small PAYG budget this got halted soon enough but I had to ring Vodafone to cancel the request for £10 and get a refund for the bundle that wasn't received. I think it may have been triggered by getting a top-up bundle at Vodafone - which wasn't what I asked for or wanted. (I still don't understand how a £20 bundle should then take another £10 from you straight away???) So the Vodafone smart experience hasn't been great for me. I'm considering going back to a phone with buttons that has a battery that last more than a day.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Cheap, spare phone. This phone would be perfect if you hadn't ever used a high end phone before. I bought this phone to replace a Samsung A3 for my son as he had broke his. I, myself use an iPhone, so when setting this up it felt cheap, it was cheap. It also felt slow and sluggish and not very reposive. Within 3 days it was scratched to bits. Didn't mind though, because it was cheap. Camera isn't very good but it's cheap. It did the job until his A3, miraculously fixed itself after about 2 weeks, and is now a spare in the draw until it happens again. It runs android which is good, all the android apps he downloaded on it worked. Great spare phone to pop in a drawer and used in emergencies.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Only if you can't afford better.. Screen poor, but what was worse was that my phone was faulty. The screen switched off when placed to ear during a call but would not switch back on. Bought a Ulefone U007 instead, for about the same price. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Value for money!. This is much better than I expected and plays Netflix and Amazon prime tv like a dream so pleased with that. The Battery runs out fast and usually when you are not expecting it!. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars What i needed. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 3.0 out of 5 stars Good value. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. What a great phone for the money I have read some reviews and I personnaly don't agree with some comments this is a low cost phone and is as good if not better than some of the... 5.0 out of 5 stars What a great phone for the money I have read some reviews .... Ideal starter for touchscreen phone as my husband was use to buttons only downfall battery don't last very long. 5.0 out of 5 stars Starter phone. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Given up trying to use it. Complicated and the battery dies quickly.. 1.0 out of 5 stars Complicated phone. Possibly the best under forty pound phone I have ever bought. Is it as good as your main phone... no! Is it a brilliant spare... 5.0 out of 5 stars Possibly the best under forty pound phone I have ever bought. See and discover other items: smartphone android , smart mobile phones , vodafone smart. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Review: In Depth. Vodafone Smart Speed 6: Performance and battery life. Screen size 4.5-inches Screen resolution 853x480 Weight 146 grams OS Android 5.1 Lollipop Rear Camera 5-megapixel w/ LED flash Front camera 2-megapixel Processor 1.1GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6735M Memory 1GB Storage 8GB 4G LTE Yes Bonus features Vodafone Smart, My Vodafone, Flipboard. Vodafone’s Smart Speed 6 is a super-affordable 4G blower. Fifty of your British pounds will secure you this cheap and cheerful Android phone which, we think you’ll agree, is a very generous price.. But like that old TV ad about cheap bin bags, is this a false economy deal or is it sale of the century? Let’s take a look at what you could get for five thousand pennies.. In an era of supermassive phones with 4K Ultra HD panels, the Smart Speed 6 looks positively dinky. It’s 132 x 65 x 10mm black and silver plastic frame houses a 4.5-inch touchscreen.. The rounded corners of the back combined with the metallic silver paint put us in mind of the old-school original iPhone from 2007. It’s a fairly chunky phone, weighing 146 grams (by contrast, the high-end Samsung Galaxy S6 , with its 5.1-inch screen weighs 138 grams) but it’s not a brick by any stretch – you won’t exactly give your triceps a workout by lifting this.. Equally, it’s relatively chunky weight means that when you’re walking around, you’ll feel it in your jacket or jeans pocket; it’s not easy to lose, unlike some of the wafer-thin beasts of the modern age which seem to melt into your clothes if you’re not careful.. The plasticky-feeling shell isn’t totally confidence inspiring and it feels like it’ll pick up scratches easily. At the moment, there doesn’t appear to be any cases on the market for this, but if it becomes a big seller, we imagine that Proporta, Griffin and the like will start cranking them out.. The power key and volume rocker sit on the right hand side. The positioning of this meant that when we were taking snaps for the first time, we accidentally turned the screen off – force of habit. The location of the power button just so happens to be exactly where we’d like to put a shutter button. It’s not a massive design flaw to be honest.. Flip the phone over and you’ll see the familiar Vodafone icon (in the same spot where one might expect to see the Apple logo…) along with ‘4G’ at the base, to remind you that the Smart Speed 6 is indeed a 4G-ready mobile.. There’s a little groove on the bottom right which lets you easily prise off the back. Here you’ll see the removable battery, SIM card slot and a port for microSD cards. Thankfully you can get at the memory card slot without having to take the battery out, which is always a plus.. The main feature of the Smart Speed 6 is it’s 4G aerial. This promises lightning-quick browsing, app downloading, Facebooking, Twittering – if it requires Internet access on the go, Vodafone’s 4G network should sort you out.. Theoretically, the top download speeds you’ll be able to get when you’re out and about is 150Mbps thanks to the on board CAT 4 LTE radio. In reality, the speeds you’ll actually be able to get vary greatly depending on your distance to the nearest cellular towers, the number of people in your general proximity that are on Vodafone’s network and the time of day.. In crowded central London for example tests with the Speedtest.net app gave us an average download speed of 4.9Mbps during lunchtime and 3.2Mbps during the 5pm bunfight at Oxford Circus tube station. Out in leafy Highbury, we were faring a little better – 12.1Mbps on average when we were working from home on a weekday.. These speeds aren’t the fastest out there but in layman’s terms we think the overall browsing experience you get on the Smart Speed 6 is pretty good. Facebook and Twitter feed refresh quickly and uploading pictures, while perhaps not as zippy and near-instantaneous as it is on other phones, isn’t a nightmare either. For a £50 phone, it’s actually really good.. The Smart Speed 6 runs Android 5.1 Lollipop out of the box, which means you get convenient features like being able to check notifications from the lock screen and the ability to quickly set silent/vibrate modes from the volume rockers. See our Lollipop Tips ‘n Tricks feature for more info .. Other on-board features include newsreader service Flipboard, which is accessed by swiping to the left from the main home screen. This loads slowly, is clunky and awkward to use. It’s not the best implemented news app we’ve seen but if you don’t want to use it you can uninstall it.. When you do this, swiping left from the homescreen will take you to Google Now instead (which you can also launch by holding down the Home button).. As it’s a network-branded phone, there’s a smattering of Vodafone apps like ‘Smart Tips’ which could be helpful for first-timers, a ‘My Vodafone’ app which lets you check your bill and Vodafone Smart centre which lets you check up on special offers. Luckily, all of these things can be removed if you don’t want to use them, freeing up some of that valuable internal storage.. On paper, you get 8GB of storage, but of course a good chunk of that is taken up by the OS. Thankfully, you can whack in a microSD card to bulk this up – we popped a 32GB card in which the Smart Speed 6 had no trouble playing with.. The Vodafone Smart Speed 6’s screen measures 4.5-inches across and boasts a resolution of 854×480 or FWVGA.. While the screen is nicely detailed, the viewing angles are poor. Unless you’re looking dead on at the thing, you’re going to get washed out, greyed out colour. The screen does a pretty poor job of doing the pictures you’ll take on that 5-megapixel camera justice.. You won’t really get a sense of how good or bad they are ‘til you get them on to a desktop and into Photoshop.. It’s also quite fingerprint-friendly, which means you’ll probably need to give it a good old wipe from time to time. It’s not the grimiest screen we’ve seen and again, for a phone that’s so cheap, it’s not the worst panel out there by any stretch, but it’s also a bit meh.. That screen also hampers the Smart Speed 6’s ability somewhat as a media playing device. While you can get Netflix and YouTube streaming video at a decent clip – thanks to the combination of 4G and the 1.1GHz quad-core processor – get used to holding the phone very still because those viewing angles will spoil your viewing enjoyment.. Also, make sure you’re close to a charger if you really do plan a big binge-watch session. After an hour of solid video streaming on a full tank, the battery stood at 64 per cent.. Battery performance is generally pretty good but like virtually every phone out there these days, you will almost certainly need to keep it topped up during the day if you’re doing anything like checking social media, WhatsApping people and watching short YouTube videos.. On the other hand, you may just be after a cheapy budget phone and you might not be bothered about streaming media or doing anything fancier than calling and texting. With minimal use, you’ll easily get a full day’s worth of use out of a single charge.. It’s not a great phone for gaming. Titles like Candy Crush Saga , Angry Birds and Monument Valley were slow to load and prone to crashes. If you want an inexpensive phone that can handle the odd casual game, then we’d recommend reaching for the Vodafone Smart Ultra 6, which gives you a much more mojo for your money.. The 5-megapixel main camera of the Smart Speed 6 is capable of turning in some pretty good shots, something which isn’t helped by the quality of the screen. The lack of tap to focus also means it’s hard to take detailed closies although facial recognition software means that snaps of your mates tend to come out looking pretty good.. You can easily tinker with things like white balance and exposure and have fun with the panorama and HDR modes.. The single LED flash unfortunately does a poor job of illuminating dark and dimly lit areas, meaning it’s a fairly poor phone fo documenting nocturnal exploits.. The front-facer is a 2-megapixel shooter which isn’t particularly great in dimly-lit areas either, so it’s rubbish for pub selfies. There’s a fun ‘collage’ mode which takes four selfies in one and stitches them together, photo booth-style. This is amusing, although the low quality sensor means results may vary. As you can see, it’s not particularly kind to this reviewer’s pale and blotchy complexion.. Much like the EE Rook , Vodafone’s Smart Speed 6 is an inexpensive phone that gives you a fast web browsing experience.. It’s less well suited to streaming video and the 5-megapixel camera is very basic. It’s a good potential buy for parents who want to get their kids their first phone, but don’t want to break the bank on something flashy.. Equally, if you want a back up phone that you can pick up work emails on, then this isn’t a bad shout for £50. You could always keep it charged up for use in emergency situations (provided you’re a Vodafone customer).. By the same token, we don’t think it’s quite as good value for money as the Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 , which at £125 isn’t much more expensive.. Casio Edifice EQB-500 Review: In Depth. Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: In Depth. Sony Xperia XZ Premium Review: In Depth. Lenovo Yoga Book Review: In Depth. Vodafone Smart V8 Review: In Depth. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S2: What’s the difference?. Snapchat’s new creative tools: All you need to know. Vodafone Smart E8 setup and in-depth hands-on review. Casio Edifice EQB-500 Review: In Depth. Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: In Depth. Sony Xperia XZ Premium Review: In Depth. Lenovo Yoga Book Review: In Depth. Vodafone Smart V8 Review: In Depth. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. Mobile Phones · Features Best budget camera phones: The greatest mobile snappers for £299 and under. Broadband & TV · Features How do I stream Sky Go to a TV, to watch Sky shows or movies on a big screen?. Mobile Phones · Features Neko Atsume rare cats guide: How to get Cream-san, Bengal Jack and more. Mobile Phones · Features What is iOS and what does iOS stand for?. Broadband & TV · Features How can I watch Amazon Prime Video on my TV?. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Características técnicas Vodafone Smart Speed 6. Vodafone Smart Speed 6: Características y especificaciones. El Vodafone Smart Speed 6 es un smartphone Android con una pantalla FWVGA de 4.5 pulgadas, procesador quad-core a 1GHz, 1GB de RAM, 8GB de almacenamiento interno expandible, cámaras de 5 y 2 megapixels, conectividad 4G LTE, y corre Android 5.1 Lollipop.. Reviews de usuarios del Vodafone Smart Speed 6. No hay experiencias de usuarios del Vodafone Smart Speed 6. Almacenamiento interno limitado (8GB) Baja densidad de pixels (218ppi). Vodafone Smart Speed 6 características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del Vodafone Smart Speed 6. Opina sobre el Vodafone Smart Speed 6. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - LTE 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). 132.2 x 65.1 x 99.9 mm. LCD IPS touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 480 x 854 pixels, 4.5 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 8GB almacenamiento interno, 1GB RAM. - Procesador Mediatek MT6735M quad-core 1GHz. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. 5 MP, flash LED, HDR, geo-tagging, video 720p@30fps, cámara frontal 2 MP. - Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n; Wi-Fi Direct. Funciones clave Vodafone Smart Speed 6. Opiniones y Comentarios Vodafone Smart Speed 6. Hay 1 opiniones del Vodafone Smart Speed 6 .. La cámara de fotos no tiene autoenfoque por lo que las fotos a menos de 1 metro salen borrosas. No se comprende como a estas alturas todavía se ponen cámaras con enfoque fijo. Ver todas las Opiniones del Vodafone Smart Speed 6 - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 1. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Vodafone Smart Speed 6. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Vodafone Smart Speed 6. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Vodafone Smart Speed 6 a otros usuarios. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Support hub Get the help you need. New to Vodafone Support for you. Device guides Handy guides for your phone, tablet or modem. To use Wi-Fi, you need to be in an area with available Wi-Fi networks. Find a place with available Wi-Fi networks and try establishing a connection again.. Your feedback means a lot to us. Please let us know how we could make our Device Guide site even better. Enter your comments here then click the 'Send' button.. Email this article to your friend. Key in the letters and numbers displayed in the box. Terms & conditions © 2017 Vodafone Limited. © 2017 Vodafone Ireland Limited, Mountainview, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. 
UNLOCK YOUR PHONE UNLOCK YOUR PHONE, FEEL THE FREEDOM.. How To Unlock Vodafone Smart Speed 6 (Vodafone 795) by Unlock Code.. UnlockLocks | October 6, 2015 | ALCATEL , VODAFONE | No Comments. Why unlock my Vodafone Smart Speed?. The unlocking service we offer allows you to use any network providers SIM card in your Vodafone Smart Speed. Typically this involves unlock codes which are a series of numbers which can be entered into your mobile phone via the phones keypad to remove the network restriction and allow the use of other domestic and foreign networks.. How Do I unlock my Vodafone Smart Speed?. Get the unique unlock code of your phone from here. Now, you should see a box to enter the unlock code. Unlocking a Vodafone smart Speed a quite simple process. All carriers are supported for unlocking (Vodafone ES, Vodafone UK, Vodafone IN, Vodafone PT, Vodafone NL, Vodafone DE, Vodafone EG etc…). Unlocking is permanent, you don’t need to enter the unlock code every time you change SIM Card. All Alcatel Vodafone Smart Speed 6 (Vodafone 795) variants are supported for unlocking.. Congratulations, enjoy your Unlocked Vodafone Smart Speed on all networks, worldwide.. How To Unlock Alcatel OneTouch POP 2 (5) Premium 7044, 7044A, 7044X, 7044Y by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Alcatel OneTouch 1013, 1013D and 1013X by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Alcatel OneTouch 20.52 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock T-Mobile Revvl (ALCATEL 5049W).. No Comments | Jun 19, 2015. No Comments | May 24, 2015. No Comments | Oct 17, 2015. No Comments | Nov 15, 2017. The world's #1 phone unlocking solutions provider since 2006, with thousands of phones unlocked each day. we could tell you about our years of experience, we were the first online phone unlocking site. you may think that "first" doesn't always mean "best," but we're sure once you've unlocked your phone with us, you'll change your mind. our company is headed up by telecommunications techs from the united states. they're smart guys, but they're especially smart about unlocking mobile devices.. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J3 & J3 (2016) b.... How To Unlock MetroPCS or T-Mobile LG Aristo (LG M.... How To Unlock AT&T ZTE Maven 3 (Z835) by Unlo.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J5 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Oppo A57 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock AT&T HUAWEI Ascend XT2 (H1711) b.... How To Unlock Xfinity Mobile SAMSUNG Galaxy S8 and.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J2 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG G2 by Unlock code From UnlockLock.... How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy S3 mini I8190 by Unlo.... How To Unlock Sony Xperia Tablet Z by Unlock Code.... How To Unlock HTC One SC2, One, One Mini, One Max .... How To Unlock HTC One by Unlock Code ?. How To Unlock Sony Xperia Tablet Z by Unlock Code .... How To Unlock LG G2 by Unlock code ?. How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy Note 3 ?. How To Unlock HUAWEI Honor V10 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Sony Xperia Z3, Z3 Compact, Z3 Dual .... How To Unlock TURKCELL TURBO T50 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy S4 ?. How To Unlock a T-Mobile LG G Pad X 8.0 Tablet.. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy C7 (2017) by Unlock C.... How To Unlock Alcatel One Touch X’POP (OT-50.... How To Unlock HTC Sense by Unlock Code ?. How To Unlock Essential Phone by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG K10 (2018) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG K8 (2018) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI MediaPad M5 10 (Pro) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI Enjoy 8 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI Honor 7C by Unlock Code.. Copyright © 2018 UnlockLocks.COM .. 
Support hub Get the help you need. New to Vodafone Support for you. Device guides Handy guides for your phone, tablet or modem. If your phone gets slow or doesn't work as it usually does, it may help to restore the factory default settings. All settings and configurations you've made on your phone are deleted.. Please select the red text to see instructional images.. Slide two fingers downwards starting from the top the screen.. Press the settings icon .. Press Backup & reset .. Press Factory data reset .. Wait a moment while the factory default settings are restored. Follow the instructions on the screen to set up your phone and prepare it for use.. Your feedback means a lot to us. Please let us know how we could make our Device Guide site even better. Enter your comments here then click the 'Send' button.. Email this article to your friend. Key in the letters and numbers displayed in the box. Terms & conditions © 2017 Vodafone Limited. © 2017 Vodafone Ireland Limited, Mountainview, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. It's a silver surfer's dream machine. The quad-core 1GHz ARM processor and 1GB of RAM mean performance that's more Sunday driver than boy racer. Geekbench 3 scores of 1378 and 487 for multi-core and single core performance are strong enough, though, matching the similarly-priced EE Rook and falling not far short of the Huawei Ascend G7 .. The Vodafone Smart speed 6 will run pretty much any game you want.. Movie playback is fine, with the screen doing a good job of reproducing subtle shades and gradients. Even games are handled with relative ease. Real Racing 3 won't run at a super-smooth frame rate and curved lines are a little jagged, but it does run – and well enough to be properly enjoyable.. Sound is impressive on all fronts, from in-game audio to music streaming and MP3 playback, particularly with headphones. There's none of that annoying background hiss that you often find on cheaper devices that use inexpensive audio components.. Battery life is nothing to write home about, but nothing that'll draw complaint, either – I wrung a couple of days out of it under average conditions. Streaming a 90-minute YouTube movie over Wi-Fi sucked up just over 32% of the battery life, dropping from 99% at the start to 67% at the end.. The Vodafone Smart Speed 6 experience as a whole is just as pleasant – this smartphone really does live up to its name. There's no noticeable lag when navigating the user interface, when waking it up or switching from app to app; it just goes to show how flexible Lollipop is on lower-end smartphones when paired with the right components.. The primary camera is actually the only aspect of the Vodafone Smart Speed 6 that gives away its budget background.. My expectations weren't high to begin with, limited as this camera is by its 5-megapixel sensor, although as the Apple iPhone routinely shows, high megapixel counts aren't everything. The Vodafone Smart speed 6 isn't capable of any fancy image processing to make up for the resolution shortfall, though.. Outdoor shots appeared slightly underexposed when using the normal photo mode, or washed out and overexposed when shooting in HDR mode.. The results indoors are marginally better than outdoors – the flash is useful for lighting subjects at close range, and the camera coped with low light conditions far better than it did brighter ones.. Whatever the setting, though, images are grainy, and anything in the picture that's a metre or so away from the lens loses definition.. Geo-tagging and the HDR mode are the only extra bells you get on the imaging front. There's no macro mode and no spot focusing, no facility to capture raw images or any other indulgence.. You can record video at 1280 x 720, though, producing pretty smooth footage that suffers from the same slight underexposure that dogged the still pictures. Digital image stabilisation is available if your hand isn't as steady as once was.. Colour reproduction is decent, but shoot anything further than a metre away and pictures lose definition.. Click here for the full res image. The fixed focus can make shots a gamble, as it's difficult to see on the smartphone's screen what's in focus and what isn't.. Click here for the full res image. The camera performs better indoors rather than out, with shallower depths of field and better light balance.. Click here for the full res image. Despite the lack of definition, there's very little compression noise present in the captured images.. Click here for the full res image. Prev Page Introduction and features. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Step 2/4 > Select your current Network. Unlock your Vodafone Smart Speed 6 with Unlock Code. Request a Vodafone Smart Speed 6 unlock code and we will send you the code by email along with a set of instructions on how to use it. In most cases you only need to insert the SIM card you want to use and the cell phone will prompt for the unlock code („SIM Network Unlock PIN”). If your phone does not ask for one and there is no input field where to enter the unlock code, please contact our customer support before starting the ordering process. Feel free to get in touch with us, we will gladly respond you within less than 12 hours on any question about how to unlock Vodafone Smart Speed 6.. Pick the country your Vodafone Smart Speed 6 is locked to. Attention! Pick the Current Network your device is locked to, NOT the network you want to use. Easy instructions on how to Unlock Vodafone Smart Speed 6. Why should I order a Vodafone Smart Speed 6 unlock code?. Easily migrate to another service provider. Get more money if you sell your phone. Safest method to unlock your phone. Here at UnlockRadar.com it's so easy to unlock Vodafone devices, you don't even need technical skills to do it. As easy as dialing a phone number. Read this step-by-step guide, meant to walk you through the process:. Select the country and the service provider your phone is locked to, then check the price.. Send us the IMEI of your phone and proceed to checkout. To find the IMEI number, type *#06# on your device keyboard.. Enter your name, a valid email address and complete the order. A confirmation email will be sent to you after we receive the payment.. We will send the unlock code on your email. Usually it's a 8 or 16 digit number, but in some cases it may be a complete set of codes. You only need the first one, the NCK.. Insert the SIM card of another network operator and enter the code you received from us. With an unlocked phone you have the huge advantage of easily changing your network provider and being able to choose a better plan to suit your needs.. You can save hundreds of dollars when traveling abroad if you have an unlocked phone. Just buy a local SIM card and start making calls at local rates, avoiding roaming charges.. Unlocked phones tend to have higher resale prices than locked phones, and you can easily sell your unlocked device internationally.. IMEI unlock is the safest way to unlock your device, because it uses genuine unlock codes from the manufacturer. No software, no opening your phone's case, no warranty void.. Before you order a Vodafone Smart Speed 6 unlock code, make sure you follow our requirements checklist:. Be certain that your phone is locked. Try to insert a SIM from a different network and wait for the phone to ask for the unlock. If it doesn't prompt for the code, and you can make a regular call, than your phone is NOT SIM locked.. Be certain that your phone is NOT stolen or blacklisted.. Be certain that your phone is NOT hard locked. If you tried too many times to unlock it before, your handset may be locked forever.. Make sure to give us the correct IMEI and to select the original country and network, NOT the one you want to use.. We will NOT be able to refund your money if our service fails to unlock your device for any of the reasons mentioned before.. By more than 486 happy customers. After losing several days trying to follow various tutorials on Youtube about how to unlock my phone, I decided then to buy the code. Very good price and quick service. Got my code and instructions how to unlock Vodafone Smart Speed 6. It did take a bit longer then they said it would, but they clearly noticed me about it so that seems fine to me.. Good timing, affordable and great service, I'll keep coming back.... I got my Vodafone Smart Speed 6 unlock code very quickly. It was so easy to unlock my phone. A well recommended company I would recommend it to all my friends. Mark Tzerhfu     . Remy Dent     . Catherine Grace     . Jane Miller     . Francisco Soria     . 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. 
Unlock Vodafone Smart Speed 6 with 100% money back guarantee. Unlock Vodafone Phones > Vodafone Smart Speed 6. Important - Select the Current Network your Unlock Vodafone is Locked to. Do NOT select the network you want to use.. Select Your Country Algeria Australia Canada Indonesia Mexico Nigeria Philippines Portugal United Kingdom USA (United States) Afghanistan Albania American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo (Democratic Republic of) Congo (Republic of) Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Mauritania Mauritius Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Poland Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka St. Vincent & the Grenadines Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Please Select the country/network provider the phone is currently locked to. Please Select the country/network provider the phone is currently locked to. Does your phone use a SIM Card?. why e-mail Please enter a valid email address, your unlock codes will be sent there.. We work with your phone manufacturer or network to generate unlock code.. No shady software to be installed, no jail breaking, no sim cover. Plain simple unlock code .. Our site uses strong SSL encryption so all transactions are secured.. About Unlock Delivery / T&C / Refund Policy. Benefits of Unlocking Your Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Unlock Codes for Vodafone Smart Speed 6 The IMEI number The model number of the phone Network it is locked to Country, the phone, was purchased or locked in Important Links. From the network that follows you everywhere to the phone that almost everyone follows, Vodafone has come a long way. The Followers are of course customers or upcoming potential clients. It isn't quite a surprise that Vodafone phones have that kind of a following. But would it still have such followers with a locked phone that'll allow only one network to be compatible with the phone? An unlocked Vodafone Smart Speed 6 would have.. You need to unlock your Vodafone phone so that any other SIM card can use on the handset.After Unlocking your Vodafone phone Smart Speed 6, it becomes compatible with any SIM card and helps you save on your roaming and data charges. You can opt for the network that suits all your needs or keep on changing it with every need such as one for calls in a location, one for data, etc.. You also get to enjoy another benefit that comes along. A better choice of buyers and a much better price comes with an unlocked Vodafone phone Smart Speed 6. as compared to a locked phone.. The best process for unlocking your Vodafone Smart Speed 6 is the code method that you can avail at a website named unlockninja.com. It generates an unlock code for your phone. It is the most secure process. To use it, you would need the following:. Post entering the details mentioned above, you get a code for unlocking your Vodafone phone.You have to enter it only once. While you do that and after the process is complete, the data is unchanged. And there is a money back guarantee that comes along to keep your money secure.. Delivery Terms & Conditions The information, files, graphics, text, software, communication published on this site as well as all the services provided is subject to the terms and conditions of specified here. You are supposed to check them periodically and abide by them, before availing any service from us. We also reserve the right to modify the terms and conditions anytime, and we expect your actions to respect the current version of them. If any breach of the conditions happens, your right to use this site gets terminated by default. Customers should give correct information regarding the details of their mobile handsets, as a model, network provider in which the unlocking done, country code, IMEI number, etc. You should not attempt to unlock the device by yourself or use any alternative method to open it other than the unlocking code provided by us. You should use only the network provided unlock codes, which specially made for this purpose. You are requested not to use pattern blocks, PIN/PUK codes, security codes, etc., as they do not serve your purpose. The network provider should not prevent the mobile phone in the event of stolen, lost or misplaced devices.. Our primary goal is to provide our customers with the best service we can. After receiving your order, we strive our best to review it within 24 hours depending on the current amount of orders we have. Once the unlocking process starts, we are no longer able to speed up or cancel/refund your order. We are waiting for the result that we will deliver to you.. We work with mobile carriers from all over the world and wait for their response on each unlocking request we get. In most cases, the process is completed successfully within the average delivery time we suggest. However, some factors do not depend on us. Sometimes, the carrier�s server doesn�t respond, We are not able to complete the order or, hardly ever, our server gets a cyber attack that slows down everything for a particular amount of time. Also, mobile networks like to change the unlocking policy that can affect the unlocking process and have to resubmit it.. If you do not receive unlock code in time, please, feel free to contact us. Our support team will do their best to help you. You are also advised to read the User Agreement where the terms of the delivery time are described in details before you accept it.. We create life, free of troubles by helping you crack the unlock code of your cellphone irrespective of the network provider as well as the location of your sim card it subscribed. We guide you throughout the complete process of unlocking the network codes imposed on your device. We also have an excellent support team that is ready to guide you with all your troubleshooting concerns. Please read the following terms and conditions well, before opting for our service.. We’re so sure that we’ll exceed your expectations with our service that it is 100% guaranteed. We have successfully unlocked 96,500 phones since 2009. Enter your phone model to unlock. We have made it easy for you to search your phone by directly entering the model number.. Main link Home Blog Sitemap Contact Us FAQ'S Return Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions. Popular Brand Unlock ZTE phone Unlock Samsung Phone Unlock iPhone phone Unlock Motorola phone Unlock At&t Phone Unlock Blackberry Phone Unlock Ericsson Phone Unlock G.plus phone Unlock Google Nexus Phone Unlock HTC Phone Unlock Sony phone Unlock LG Phone Unlock Huawei Phone. Popular Model Unlock ZTE mf90 Unlock ZTE mf65 Unlock iPhone 6 Unlock iPhone 6s unlock samsung galaxy SM G360P unlock samsung galaxy SM G550T Unlock LG VS425PP Unlock LG D415 Unlock Motorola XT1527 Unlock Motorola XT1540 Unlock Huawei LYO L02 Unlock Huawei Y6 Elite. Thanks for such a fast unlocking service.my smartphone was barred and it was impossible to use but Now i can use my smartphone anywhere because its now factory unlocked.. Best service and they do what they said i have done two unlocking of SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 3 and they done in time they said..excellent service and good value of money and trust me its not a scam website.. I got the code within the estimated time and guess what? IT WORKS!!!!!!!. Home FAQ'S Return Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Blog Sitemap Contact Us. © 2018 UnlockNinja.com All rights reserved. Website developed by Aphro ECS. 
Vodafone unveils £50 4G PAYG phone. Full details on the new Smart Speed 6. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 UK release date, price, specs: £50 4G phone. Vodafone has unveiled a £50 pay-as-you-go phone called the Smart Speed 6. We detail the Vodafone Smart Speed 6 UK release date, price and specification. You don't have to spend big to get a phone that does it all. Vodafone has just unveiled the £50 Smart Speed 6 with 4G connectivity. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 UK release date: When is the Vodafone Smart Speed 6 coming out?. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 UK price: How much does the Vodafone Smart Speed 6 cost?. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 specification: What to expect from the Vodafone Smart Speed 6. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 in pictures. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 UK release date, price, specs: £50 4G phone. Vodafone has unveiled a £50 pay-as-you-go phone called the. We detail the Vodafone Smart Speed 6 UK release date, price and specification. Also see: Best budget phones 2015 .. The Vodafone Smart Speed 6 is available now from Vodafone's online store , or you can call into one of its UK shops to pick up the new phone.. The Smart Speed 6 costs a tiny £50 on Vodafone's pay-as-you-go network. Bear in mind that if you don't already have a Vodafone SIM you'll need to factor in the cost of one of its Big Value Bundles. The Smart Speed 6 accepts a Micro-SIM, so if you have a full-size or Nano-SIM you'll also need to request a new SIM from Vodafone. See all phone reviews .. Gone are the days when you have to spend a lot of money on a smartphone to get the latest features, such as 4G connectivity and the latest software. The Vodafone Smart Speed 6 operates on Vodafone's 4G network, and comes preinstalled with Android 5.1 Lollipop.. With a 4.5in 640x480-pixel touchscreen the Vodafone Smart Speed 6 is a compact device, measuring 132.2x65.1x9.9mm and weighing 146g. It comes in Aluminium Silver or Anthracite colour options.. Inside is a 1.1GHz MediaTek MTK6735M quad-core processor, which is paired with 1GB of RAM and 8GB of storage, with support for microSD.. There's also a 5Mp camera with LED flash at the back and 2Mp at the front.. Keep your eyes peeled for our Vodafone Smart Speed 6 review.. Read next: Best new phones coming in 2015 .. Follow Marie Brewis on Twitter .. I saw this on Tech Advisor and thought you should see it too.. The art of 'British' pulp fiction. What to expect at WWDC 2018: Dates, tickets & product announcements. TV & streaming : comment regarder le Tournoi des Six Nations 2018 ?. Tech Advisor France - Tests complets, conseils, vidéos. UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes. 
Home › Vodafone › Smart speed 6 Vodafone Smart speed 6 - Battery. Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight User reviews 1 Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR. Dimensions : 65.1 x 132.2 x 9.99 mm Weight : 146 g SoC : MediaTek MT6735M CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1000 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 500 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC Display : 4.5 in, IPS, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 1780 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 5.1 Lollipop Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Battery capacity, other Vodafone models Capacity of the battery of Vodafone Smart speed 6 and details about other Vodafone models with the same or similar capacity. Battery capacity, models from other brands Capacity of the battery of Vodafone Smart speed 6 and information about models from other brands with the same or similar battery capacity.. 1400 mAh (Li-Ion) 1400 mAh (Li-Ion) 1400 mAh (Li-Ion) 1500 mAh (Li-Ion) 1780 mAh (Li-Ion) 1800 mAh (Li-Ion) 1880 mAh (Li-Ion) 1880 mAh (Li-Ion) 2000 mAh (Li-Ion) 2200 mAh (Li-Ion) 2400 mAh (Li-Ion) 2500 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2540 mAh (Li-Ion). 1780 mAh (Li-Ion) 1780 mAh (Li-Polymer) 1780 mAh (Li-Ion) 1780 mAh (Li-Ion) 1780 mAh (Li-Ion) 1780 mAh (Li-Polymer) 1780 mAh (Li-Ion) 1780 mAh (Li-Ion) 1780 mAh (Li-Ion) 1780 mAh (Li-Ion) 1785 mAh (Li-Ion) 1785 mAh (Li-Ion) 1785 mAh (Li-Ion) 1800 mAh (Li-Ion) 1800 mAh (Li-Polymer) 1800 mAh (Li-Polymer) 1800 mAh (Li-Ion). Dimensions : 65.1 x 132.2 x 9.99 mm Weight : 146 g SoC : MediaTek MT6735M CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1000 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 500 MHz RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Display : 4.5 in, IPS, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 1780 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 5.1 Lollipop Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Vodafone smart speed 6 ROOT needed by mac_d4di. Questions and Answers XDA Assist About xda-developers.com General Paid Software Announcement and Discussion. Device Reviews and Information Connected Car Security Discussion Upgrading, Modifying and Unlocking Accessories Networking XDA Developer TV XDA-University Off-topic Project Ara Hardware Hacking General Android TV Raspberry Pi Hacking NFC Hacking Google Chromecast. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. Vodafone smart speed 6 ROOT needed. By mac_d4di , Senior Member on 11th December 2015, 01:10 PM. I can't root this phone whatever I try doesn't work. please help someone must have rooted it. Tried framaroot,kingo and a few others. Mtkdroidtools is not compatible with new mtk SOC. Sent from my VF-795 using Tapatalk. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 Now Officially Receiving the Android Oreo Update >. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 receive AOSP Android Oreo ROMs thanks to Project Treble >. [Results are in] Honor Let the XDA Community Decide Which Intelligent Scenes Will be Added to their AI Camera >. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2006. Someone must have this phone it looks identical to Alcatel pixi 3 4.5. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2006. Can anyone point me to the stock Rom I have searched everywhere. Can't root, can't backup, can't create scatter. Can't find cwm and can't port one as I can't get my recovery. Also tried fastboot oem unlock doesn't work and even riskier tried flashing cwm from pixi 3 (4.5) can't do that either. Any help or suggestions would be appreciated. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2006. Someone must have this phone now maybe for Christmas and looking to root. Think I may have searched the entire internet. Join Date: Joined: Jan 2016. Alrighty man, first make sure that it has a unlocked bootloader. If it does, then try to use a root app (.exe recommended, but .apks may work) with USB debugging enabled (go to dev setting and enable it). If it isn't, then install your phone's drivers and look for solutions to unlock the bootloader.. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2006. I think bootloader is locked and I cannot find a way to unlock it. I have never had a android I couldn't root (till now). Sent from my VF-795 using Tapatalk. Join Date: Joined: Jan 2016. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2006. Yes I saw that yesterday sadly it doesn't work. Pmt for ROM has changed and must be redownloaded. Sent from my VF-795 using Tapatalk. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2006. I now have let this phone go and now have a moto e. Unlocked bootloader and rooted within 10 minutes. Sent from my XT1021 using Tapatalk. Join Date: Joined: Jan 2016. 've been searching for a solution for 2 weeks and i found one one click root app which rooted my phone: KingRoot v4.8.0.0. I've been using it for while and yesterday i've decided to give to it one las chance and surprise! After 3 attempts KingRoot found a voulnerability and rooted my phone!. Now i'm searching one custom recovery but twrp or cwm doesn't have any support for this device and i don't wanna risk my phone into a bootloader. If someone finds thos info usefull i'm glad to hear that. But if someone can help me with xposed i will be happier.. The Following User Says Thank You to lajaja123 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Jan 2016. Worked after 4-5 attempts with Kingroot v4.8.0 build 20160203. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Questions and Answers by ThreadRank. [MOD] Low-RAM Property Patcher for Android. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. [ROM] MIUI 9 beta ROM 7.8.14 for all Xiaomi devices [Download links). How to root LG x charge. [PORT] [WATCHFACES] Stock Watchfaces from Various OEMs. Android Wear Software and Hacking General. [Q] Any idea to root Sony's new e-reader DPT-RP1?. [Xiaomi Mi A1] Is anyone else surprised by this being called an Android One?. Vodafone smart speed 6 ROOT needed by mac_d4di. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Home / Lifestyle / Mobile / Android / Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Review. Android , Laptop / Mobile , Mobile. 5MP primary camera, 2MP secondary camera. When I recently reviewed the Vodafone Smart First 6, I thought it was the last in a new range of smartphones from Vodafone. However, Vodafone has released yet another budget smartphone, this time named the Smart Speed 6, and costing £50. We will see how it compares with Vodafone’s other budget offerings.. Vodafone have released several devices in recent months, so it may be worth clarifying the full contingent of Vodafone products – as there are now 5 devices all bearing the ‘Smart’ family name. At £125, there is the Smart Ultra 6. At £80, there is the Smart Prime 6 , while the Smart First 6 costs just £30. The only ‘Smart’ tablet – the Smart Tab 6 – costs £150.. As you can see, Vodafone have released a number of devices across a range of prices, yet they are all affordable options. It is, however, going to be a challenge for the Smart Speed 6 to justify its position in between the First 6 and the Prime 6.. Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9. Tags budget smartphone review Review Smart Speed 6 Smart Speed 6 Review speed 6 review vodafone. Previous Daily fantasy sports sites declared illegal in New York. Next Frankie Boyle takes Theresa May to task over government snooping. Samsung officially launches the Galaxy S9, confirms specs, pricing and release date. As promised last month, during the pre-MWC press day on Sunday, Samsung officially launched the …. © Copyright 2018, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved. 
ï»¿Your AKIAILXQSRWLEYNJDWHA is not registered as an Amazon Associate. Please register as an associate at https://affiliate-program.amazon.com/assoc_credentials/home.. The Internetâs Most Trustworthy Phone Unlocking Website. Does your phone use a SIM Card?. In which country are you located?. Simply tell us whether your phone uses a SIM card, select your country from the list below and your provider/phone network.. Many thanks for code, tried other UK sites no success. Wed Oct 23 7:35:51 MST 2013. What if I enter the unlock code incorrectly, how many attempts until it would HARD lock my phone?. Do you unlock Nokia mobile phone?. What is the Turnaround time to receive my Nokia unlock code?. Nokia phones only takes up to 3 incorrect attempts before it will be HARD lock, so be very careful!. Yes we do unlock it! Just provide us with the country and service provider that your phone is currently locked to and we would be happy to check our system if it is available for unlocking.. If it is a BB5.0 Nokia Phones usually it would take up to 10 days to generate.. For DCTs some would take from a couple to minutes to 5 days.. stars across 1401 independent real reviews on ReviewCentre.com!. Weâre so sure that weâll exceed your expectations with our service that it is 100% guaranteed (Read More). We're so sure that we'll exceed your expectations with our service that it is 100% guaranteed.. For any paid unlock we provide a money-back guarantee. Upon video proof that the code doesn't work, you will receive a full refund.. For any free Trialpay unlock that doesn't meet your expectations, we will keep your credit on file for a future unlock, or reimburse you if you have paid for your offer as a courtesy.. Read our full terms and conditions here .. We have successfully unlocked 96,500 phones since 2009. Australian Business No: 63 781 725 050. 
