Press enter or click on the search icon. Locked to Vodafone and full of bloatware. MediaTek MT6737 Quad Core 1.25 GHz CPU. 13MP camera with flash and AF. What is the Vodafone Smart N8?. For evidence that the general standard of smartphones is at an all-time high, look no further than the Vodafone Smart N8.. This isn’t a high-end iPhone killer in the way of the Samsung Galaxy S8 , or a mid-range champion such as the OnePlus 5. Indeed, it isn’t even a particularly great phone in – and of – itself.. What’s remarkable about the Vodafone Smart N8, however, is that it provides a solid and eminently usable smartphone for well under £100.. The Vodafone Smart N8 has the kind of plain, unremarkable looks you might expect of a budget phone. Its clean front makes it impossible to distinguish from any number of other low-to-mid-range Android handsets, with only a recessed speaker and earpiece providing any discernible detail.. Around the back you get a removable plastic cover with a tightly lined, slightly angled texture that makes the phone a little more interesting to look at. More importantly, though, it lends the phone some grip.. This rear cover is well affixed to the body of the phone, too – it’s quite a job to prise the multiple connection points away from the chassis. You’ll need strong fingernails if you want to access the SIM or microSD slots; it isn’t possible to remove the battery.. Our test model came in a colour described as ‘Gold’, but which I’d more accurately describe as ‘Champagne’. Either way, it isn’t as classy as it sounds, and the darker ‘Graphite’ model seems like a better bet all-round.. The volume and power buttons sit in their usual position on the right-hand edge of the phone, and they’re just a little more textured than the rest of the surrounding plastic rim. Combined with the fact that these buttons are raised slightly, it makes them pretty easy to locate by feel alone.. All in all, this is a comfortable phone to hold. At 8.65mm thick, it’s a little tubbier than its predecessor, the Vodafone Smart Prime 7. However, a weight of 151g ensures that the Smart N8 sits in that sweet spot for smartphones where it has a certain reassuring heft without being cumbersome.. One other design feature of the Vodafone Smart N8 is notable by its omission – there are no capacitive control buttons underneath the display this time around. Instead you have to rely on virtual back, home and multi-tasking keys within the Android OS itself. It might sound like a big deal, but it’s remarkably easy to get used to thanks to the seamless way Android integrates these controls.. By far the biggest and most successful design touch here is the Vodafone Smart N8’s rear-mounted fingerprint sensor. That Vodafone has managed to get such a biometric access feature on an £85 phone is noteworthy enough. That it actually works well is quite remarkable.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Until quite recently, sticking a fingerprint sensor on anything less than a top-end phone would have been ill-advised, so finicky were anything but the top models application. Here in the Vodafone Smart N8 it works the majority of the time, and while unlock speeds aren’t red hot, I suspect that’s more to do with the phone’s humble processor.. The Vodafone Smart N8’s 5-inch IPS display feels positively petite next to most modern Android phones, although it would seem pretty normal to an iPhone user.. Similarly iPhone-like is the Smart N8’s display’s 720p resolution, which feels reasonably sharp on a phone of this size. I was pleasantly surprised by how bright and clear it was too, since this is often one of the main areas of compromise in an entry-level phone.. Don’t get me wrong, the colours don’t pop as much as a mid or high-end phone, and you’ll notice a considerable drop in visibility when you stray outside. It’s far from disastrous, though, and when indoors I was perfectly happy to leave the brightness setting at around the 50% mark. Viewing angles are pretty decent, too, thanks to the use of an IPS panel. That’s hardly a new technology, but you can’t take such things for granted when a phone is being put together for a price that’s roughly half what we’ve come to expect from a ‘budget’ phone.. Equally encouragingly, I didn’t notice any of the response issues that some experienced with last year’s Vodafone Smart Prime 7 at launch. Indeed, my one real gripe with the Vodafone Smart 8’s screen is the ugly black border that surrounds it. It’s one of the most telling signs that this is a cheap phone.. Talking of signs that you’re dealing with a cheap phone, the Vodafone Smart N8 runs on some very humble silicon. While the eagle-eyed and tech savvy will be able to tell as much within a few minutes of using the phone, most casual and first-time users will have a perfectly decent experience. We’re looking at a MediaTek MT6737 CPU here, which is a quad-core processor clocked at 1.25GHz. It’s a decidedly low-end chip that’s evidently being used as a cost-saving measure on Vodafone’s part.. General performance is adequate despite this fact, although if you happen to be stepping down from a more premium handset then you’ll instantly pick up on some slight but consistent pauses and hitches during use. It’s nothing critical – just minor stutters when moving to a new screen or scrolling through your calendar entries, or a slightly-too-long pause when loading up a web page in Chrome.. Part of this can probably be attributed to the Smart N8’s 1.5GB allotment of RAM. In general, 2GB tends to be the minimum level at which you can hope for a smooth Android performance, but you’d need to double your money – such as on the Wileyfox Swift 2 or the Moto G5 – to get such a spec. Indeed, even the £100 Moto E3 can only scrape together 1GB of RAM, so you’re more than getting what you pay for here.. Geekbench scores of 532 for single-core and 1522 for multi-core suggest a considerable improvement over the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 with its 331 and 1,070 – although it should be noted that there’s a margin for error there due to the move from Geekbench 3 to Geekbench 4 over the past year.. In terms of specific real-world tasks that stretch the N8 hardware, recent online first-person shooter Guns of Boom was surprisingly playable here. Performance became a little stuttery when the screen got busy, however, and the game caused the handset to get rather hot. It was clearly pushing the Smart N8 to its limits.. Elsewhere, the graphically lush battler Oz: Broken Kingdom loaded up alright, but tended to slow down when the real pyrotechnics began. Less demanding 2D fare such as Guns Of Mercy ran just fine. Basically, you wouldn’t want to buy the Vodafone Smart N8 if you’re a committed mobile gamer, but most of the games on the Google Play Store should be available to you for the odd bash.. One spec that’s an undeniable improvement here is the Smart N8’s storage. It comes with 16GB as standard, which isn’t a huge amount in the grand scheme of things, but is good for an entry-level phone. Both the Moto E3 and the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 had just 8GB, which is borderline unusable without microSD augmentation.. Speaking of which, it’s worth reiterating that there’s a microSD slot here – although it will accept only up to 32GB of additional storage. That’s a little measly, but I doubt the target audience for the Smart N8 is going to be hardcore media consumers.. Next Battery life, camera and verdict. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Our website uses cookies to give you a better browsing experience, and by using our site you accept our. With the first finger print sensor in its class, sufficient memory for all your pictures and a powerful battery that keeps you connected even longer!. Smart N8 is your best companion on the go. This design award winning device offers quick and secure access, an enhanced camera and plenty of storage to capture your best moments.. 144.55 x 71.95 x 8.65 mm. 13 MP AF w/flash f/2.0 5.0 MP w/flash. Mediatek MT6737 / Quad Core @1.25 GHz. 1.5 GB RAM / 16 GB internal storage / microSD up to 32 GB supported. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Great specs for under £100, but is it too cheap?. Below a certain point, cheap phones can be difficult to recommend. But with a decent screen, a fingerprint scanner, NFC for mobile payments, and just about enough power for day-to-day use, the Vodafone Smart N8 comes closer than most.. Little touches galore Reliable fingerprint scanner NFC and reasonable specs Design and display Plain but well-built Satisfactory 720p screen. Budget phones have come a long way in the past few years. Starting with the original Moto G in 2013, previously high-end specifications have been made available at ever lower prices.. Phones with metal unibodies, 1080p screens, powerful chipsets and fingerprint scanners can now be found for well under £200.. However, the toughest nut, the sub-£100 market, hasn’t yet benefited quite as much from this trickle-down. Plagued by a glut of handsets featuring sub-par displays, tired designs and a collective dearth of RAM, it is still mainly the preserve of those who have no other option.. So its easy to be dismissive of the £85 Vodafone Smart N8, but a quick look at the specs list suggests this phone is punching above its weight, so has Vodafone delivered a truly compelling handset at an ultra-low price?. Against the likes of the Honor 5C and other slightly pricier phones the competition is certainly fierce.. The key to making a great budget handset isn’t to provide gee-whizz features that fail to impress in daily use. Instead, it’s about taking care of the little things, a point that Vodafone has clearly taken on board.. This may not be the first time that a fingerprint scanner has featured on a device sold for less than £100 in the UK, but that isn’t important. What is important is that it works like a dream.. Placed near the rear camera, we found that the scanner always worked without issue, even with damp fingers. In a nice touch, like on devices such as the Honor 5C and Honor 5X , it can also be used to pull down the notification bar without touching the screen.. For people coming from a similarly priced device, this may be their first time using a fingerprint scanner, and they won’t be disappointed.. It does feel very James Bond-ish to pick up the phone, get through to the home screen and pull down the notification shade without so much as touching the display, a big crowd-pleaser in certain circles.. Other little touches abound, such as the inclusion of NFC. Never usually found below the hundred-quid mark, this handy feature allows for contactless payments with your phone, with the likes of Android Pay.. Of course there are less exciting uses too, such as easier pairing to Bluetooth accessories which support it, and pairing to other Android smartphones with the same functionality.. A 720p screen has also been included (which is effectively mandatory nowadays), flanked by a forward-facing speaker – both of which will be covered more thoroughly in a later section.. There is also a quad-core chipset, 16GB of storage and 1.5GB of RAM. As a whole, the Vodafone Smart N8 is seemingly designed as a rebuke to every sub-£100 phone that has come before it.. While the spec sheet might look outstanding for the price point, the Smart N8 certainly doesn’t.. At this budget tier however, expectations have to be curbed a little. A metal design, such as that on the Wileyfox Swift 2 , is out of the question, along with any distinctive colors or interesting quirks.. Instead, while feeling very solid and certainly not showing a great deal of flex, the Smart N8 is hewn from a single block of office-grade boring grey plastic. Weighing in at 151g, and at 8.65mm thick, it is certainly manageable in one hand too.. In said hand it feels comfortable, if unremarkable. The rear is made from a slightly ridged material that resists fingerprints well, while the sides are smooth. Bezels are kept to a minimum on the sides, being fairly large on the top and bottom.. This isn’t going to wow at parties or on the street, but it certainly won’t turn heads in the wrong way either.. As for the display, all that needs to be said is that it is perfectly adequate.. Though it doesn’t get as bright as the likes of a Samsung Galaxy S8 , it is just about legible in very bright sunlight. Colours on the other hand are a little too cool, tending towards the blue side. There is a little fade off at the sides, but mostly viewing angles are acceptable.. While 720p doesn’t sound like a lot in the modern age of 4K HDR monsters (like the screen found on the Sony Xperia XZ Premium ), in day to day use it is more than adequate. Those who glue phone displays to their eye sockets in search of visible pixels will probably take issue, but most people won’t mind.. Watching YouTube videos, reading and gaming were all satisfactory. Again, the qualifier is the price point, that the screen isn’t unusable is the real win, so for it to have a number of good points is a real surprise.. The next big step will be to add an AMOLED screen at this level, but the LCD screen here is never distractingly bad, and that is something Vodafone can be proud of.. Next Page What's it like to use?. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
<span class="i19ndropdownplus new-window" data-url="http://www.stuffmideast.com/">Stuff Middle East</span>. <span class="i19ndropdownplus new-window" data-url="http://www.stuff.co.za">STUFF South Africa</span>. We are part of The Trust Project. “What’s the cheapest good phone?”. It’s a question we get asked every now and then, and it’s an important one. Because let’s be honest, forcing a friend to use one of the bad cheap phones floating around right now is a fate worse than having them organise your stag do.. Vodafone has tried hard - really hard - to make the Smart N8 the cheapest good phone around. And the results are mostly impressive.. You get advanced features like a fingerprint scanner for a little over half the price of a Moto G5 , and it looks better than most Vodafone’s previous efforts too. There are just a few bits that hold it back, like an annoyingly slow camera, sluggish performance and a speaker that sounds only slightly better than a bluebottle flying around your head.. Design: Playing to the cheap seats. The Smart N8 is, like almost all Vodafone handsets to date, pretty simple. It’s an all-plastic affair, aside from the glass that covers its screen and camera, and the buttons on its side. They’re made from metal, which is a nice little extra.. It still manages to look a lot better than other bargain basement phones, though.. There’s usually an obvious tell in phones like this: an outline that looks cribbed from a back-of-a-napkin sketch, an unsophisticated brick-like shape or a camera design that could have been ripped off a toy phone. There’s none of that in the Smart N8. It’s not flashy, but it’s smart enough, and doesn’t have the ultra-boring “bare plaster” grey finish of some of its uncles.. The headline feature here is the fingerprint scanner on the back, something you normally only see in phones around twice the price. A sign of quite how mature scanners in phones are these days, this one works remarkably well. Just put your digit on the recessed panel and the Smart N8 unlocks in under a second: quick and reliable. It takes just over a second if you’re starting from standby.. Part of the praise needs to go to TCL here. One of those giant hidden names in tech, this is the company behind loads of OEM phones from companies that don’t make tens of millions of phones a year. Vodafone designed the Smart N8, TCL makes it.. The Smart N8 seems fairly well-made too. Pop the back off and you’ll see the locked-in battery, and the more-or-less one piece design. This doesn’t make the phone waterproof, but does mean there aren’t any exposed battery contacts to short circuit the little guy at the first whiff of rain.. Unless you want to roll the dice on one of the many murky Chinese brands you can import online, you won’t find a more ‘complete’ phone at the price.. Screen: Pretty sharp for a blunt instrument. A couple of years ago, the Smart N8’s 5in, 720p IPS LCD screen was the gold standard for budget phones. Nowadays it’s bronze at best, but still gets you about 75% of the goodness of a high-end phone at a fraction of the cost.. Colour is good enough, if a little unsubtle, and there’s an ambient light sensor that controls the backlight level automatically when you nip out on a bright and sunny day to buy some toilet paper. Don’t let anyone say you don’t know how to live.. Apply a more critical approach and you’ll find some shortcomings, of course. At an angle there’s a good amount of brightness loss and some colour shift (something you won’t see much of in the Moto G5), but in normal use it looks good.. Top brightness is only decent too, though. It can handle bright days, but only just. Still, the display has the 80% result for 20% effort thing nailed.. Sofware: Flying the red flag for Android. Vodafone’s budget mobiles also have some of the best software going among ultra-cheap phones. The bad bits include, predictably, being locked to Vodafone and some preinstalled Vodafone apps you can’t purge. However, other than that, the Smart N8’s operating system is very close to vanilla Android.. It’s clean, clear and minimal, and you get a pretty up-to-date 7.0 version of Android. That means Google’s redesigned notifications system is here, as is the more advanced Google Now assistant.. Vodafone tends to update its phones fairly regularly compared with some budget mobiles, but even if a jump to Android 8.0 or even 7.1 never comes, it’ll be a while before the Vodafone N8’s software seems musty.. There’s even quite a lot of room on the phone for apps and games. The Vodafone N8 has 16GB storage, leaving over 10GB free. Anything less would feel pretty restrictive given one step down is just 8GB, but once again you get the sort of hardware you might see in a phone twice the price. There’s also a microSD card slot if your Spotify download habit will eat up 10GB in no time.. Speed is what the Smart N8 lacks, although we have to hand it to Vodafone: it’s not painful to use like some ultra-budget phones. For example, there’s no major lag as you tap out a URL in Chrome, but sometimes there’s a noticeable delay before the keyboard actually appears.. Similarly, apps are often a little slow to load if you’ve not just used them, which is when they stick in the phone’s RAM —. meaning they’re really just waiting in the wings, ready to go. There’s no getting around it, phones like the Moto G5 and Sony Xperia XA1 feel faster. But they’re also a lot more expensive.. This is a head-scratcher you’ll have to work out for yourself. The Smart N8 isn’t so slow it’s a chore to use, putting you off actually using the phone some of the time - but the compromise is real.. There’s some of this when gaming too. Boot up Gameloft racer Asphalt 8 and it’ll auto-switch to the highest graphics setting. Played like this, though, the frame rate is noticeably low. This is a little disappointing when the 720p screen shouldn’t in theory be too hard to drive for a good quad-core CPU.. Switch down to Medium graphics and the game runs very well, though. Sure, the track starts to look a bit blurry just beyond your car, but isn’t the £70-80 saving worth it? Again, that’s one for you to weigh up.. The Smart N8 uses a MediaTek MT6737 CPU. It’s a quad-core, 1.3GHz processor with a dual-core Mali-T720 graphics chip. The £130 Motorola Moto E4 uses the same CPU, although it has a bit more RAM. This phone has just 1.5GB, versus the Moto’s 2GB.. At £85 it’s no great surprise the N8 scrapes by with the minimum needed for performance that won’t make you want to put the phone in an oven. It scores 1529 in Geekbench 4, which is a pretty good result for a low-end quad-core mobile.. Battery Life: Fine for an Everyday charger. Given the Smart N8’s aim is to be the cheapest phone around with features like a fingerprint scanner, it’s no surprise the battery life is simply standard rather than impressive.. The 2400mAh battery locked into its casing will get you through a full day’s use, as long as you don’t go too crazy with YouTube streaming, but if you don’t charge overnight you’ll regret it by lunchtime.. A 90-minute movie at indoor brightness levels takes 17% off the battery, suggesting it’ll last for around 9.5 hours from a full charge. Again, it’s not brilliant but isn’t bad enough to put the budget fiends off.. There’s no fast charging, and the Smart N8 uses a microUSB charger rather than the newer USB-C type, but we’re not quite at a place where can complain about these extras at £85 just yet. One part of the performance puzzle that almost certainly could be better, though, is the camera. The app is slow to load, shooting normal photos feels a little laggy and HDR shots are very slow to take indeed.. This is an area where the specs are in place, but the optimisation of your actual experience isn’t. After all, the Smart N8 has a 13-megapixel main camera, which is great at the price. The Moto E4 is more expensive and makes do with 8 megapixels.. There are better 13-megapixel camera phones around, but with a bit of effort and know-how you can squeeze some good shots out of the Smart N8. For example, you’ll need to use the HDR mode if you’re in tricky lighting, as otherwise you’ll often get under or overexposed shots.. You need to be careful about exactly where you prod to focus, as that’ll also affect exposure and the Smart N8 doesn’t have the smarts to balance brightness levels or the dynamic range to let you fiddle with the shot much after the fact. Night shots are predictably poor too, ending up very dark, and it’s best to give the camera lens a wipe down often because it seems to be much more susceptible to grease and smearing than most. As with the general performance, the £150 crowd will get you better results, but we’re happy with the results you can get when you learn the Smart N8’s foibles.. Around the front there’s a 5-megapixel with an LED flash. Most of our selfies came out soft, low on detail, particularly indoors shots. The flash helps out a bit in very dark conditions, but it’s not very flattering as it has a very cool tone, making you look a bit pale.. Vodafone Smart N8 smartphone camera samples. The Smart N8 does its job admirably. Here’s a phone that costs well under £100, but seems quite like some that are £150 or more. It’s also better-looking than most of the bargain bin phones Vodafone has stamped its name on to date.. There are a few significant compromises, though, so you’ll need to bash your bargain hunter’s drive against the desire for hot hardware like a pair of toy trains to see which survives. This isn’t a terribly fast phone, and while that doesn’t manifest in ways that’ll make you miss your Nokia 3310 , the pauses aren’t imaginary. So this isn’t a perfect phone, but its sheer value is through the roof. It looks surprisingly good, the screen is decent for the money, there’s enough storage to live with and, with a bit of effort, you can even take some half-decent photos.. For £85, that’s not a bad list of successes.. Buy the Vodafone Smart N8 here from Vodafone. The 10 best smartphones in the world right now. 13MP rear w/ autofocus, LED flash. Vodafone Smart N8 review A bit slow in parts, but in a world of rising prices. the Smart N8 is a shining beacon of a bargain. Finger scanner works, and works well. Some lag and longer app load times. Where to buy Vodafone Smart N8:. Stay on top of tech with Stuff in your inbox every week. Thank you for registering for our Newsletter. We will send you relevant emails and updates.. Where to buy Vodafone Smart N8:. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Compare Credit Cards All Cards Rewards Cash Back Travel Balance Transfer Low Interest Zero Percent Business Student Secured. Mobile Cell Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. The Vodafone Smart N8 currently has an Informr score of 7.4 out of 10.. This score is based on our evaluation of 5. sources including reviews from users and the web's most trusted critics.. You won’t see much of an improvement in performance unless you spend double the £79 asking price, so for teenagers or as a simple internet tool it will suffice.. It has features that no other phone at this price point has, and there is a relatively rare level of thought and care in its design.. At less than £100, the Vodafone Smart N8 is a decent and fully featured smartphone. However, there are some notable compromises that can only be solved by throwing a little extra money at the problem.. The Vodafone Smart N8 is an improvement over last year’s Prime 7, mainly in its camera performance and the inclusion of a fingerprint reader. Is that enough to justify the price tag? Answer: it depends on what you’re looking for. If it’s flagship-style features and a decent camera.... If you’re on or switching to the Vodafone network and need a seriously affordable handset that can be used to get online and stay connected, the Smart N8 is a very solid selection. Performance is good enough for everyday basic tasks, while the parental controls make it a good choice as a famil.... Alcatel released the Vodafone Smart N8 on June 16, 2017.. The Vodafone Smart N8 price will vary depending on retailer, age, special offers and whether or not it's purchased with a service plan. If purchased with a 2 year service contract for example, you would likely pay much less for the phone itself up front. You can compare Vodafone Smart N8 prices from around the web here on The Informr.. Where can I download the Vodafone Smart N8 manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the Vodafone Smart N8 user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. Alcatel backs up the Vodafone Smart N8 with a 2 Years parts & labour warranty.. I have Vodafone Smart N8 problems. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your Vodafone Smart N8 has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact Alcatel support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find Alcatel's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The Vodafone Smart N8's screen size is 5 inches with 720 x 1280 pixels resolution.. There is a MediaTek MT6737 Quad core 1.25 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 7.0 Nougat operating system (OS).. You can take photos with the phone's onboard 13+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 5+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC (up to 32 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 2240 mAh battery. Alcatel 's performance ratings are 1 minutes.. MediaTek MT6737 Quad core 1.25 GHz. Head: 1.39 W/kg Body: 1.51 W/kg. USB Power Adapter, Manual, Headphones, Data Cable. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 14.4 x 7.2 x 0.9 cm (5.7 x 2.8 x 0.4 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer. MicroSD, MicroSDHC (up to 32 GB). Auto focus, Face detection, Geotagging, ISO, Night mode, Panorama, Self-timer, HDR. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, MIDI, MP3, MP4, M4A, OGG, WMA, WAV. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. Manual (PDF) Vodafone Smart N8 Reviews Where to buy Vodafone Smart N8. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS: 850/900/1900/2100 MHz. LTE: 700/2100/800/900 /1800/2600 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. Help inform others by sharing your experience with Vodafone Smart N8. A very cheap Android smartphone perfect for the most basic of tech needs. You won’t see much of an improvement in performance unless you spend double the £79 asking price, so for teenagers or as a simple internet tool it will suffice.. You won’t see much of an improvement in performance unless you spend double the £79 asking price, so for teenagers or as a simple internet tool it will suffice.. Below a certain point, cheap phones can be difficult to recommend. But with a decent screen, a fingerprint scanner, NFC for mobile payments, and just about enough power for day-to-day use, the Vodafone Smart N8 comes closer than most.. Below a certain point, cheap phones can be difficult to recommend. But with a decent screen, a fingerprint scanner, NFC for mobile payments, and just about enough power for day-to-day use, the Vodafone Smart N8 comes closer than most.. A competent smartphone with near-stock Android. At less than £100, the Vodafone Smart N8 is a decent and fully featured smartphone. However, there are some notable compromises that can only be solved by throwing a little extra money at the problem.. At less than £100, the Vodafone Smart N8 is a decent and fully featured smartphone. However, there are some notable compromises that can only be solved by throwing a little extra money at the problem.. Offers good value for money, but is let down by its processor. The Vodafone Smart N8 is an improvement over last year’s Prime 7, mainly in its camera performance and the inclusion of a fingerprint reader. Is that enough to justify the price tag? Answer: it depends on what you’re looking for. If it’s flagship-style features and a decent came... The Vodafone Smart N8 is an improvement over last year’s Prime 7, mainly in its camera performance and the inclusion of a fingerprint reader. Is that enough to justify the price tag? Answer: it depends on what you’re looking for. If it’s flagship-style features and a decent camera you want, at £85 this smartphone is a steal; there are no other phones I’ve come across that offer all the features the Smart N8 brings to the table for this sort of money. However, its poor battery life and sluggish performance do let it down.. If you’re on or switching to the Vodafone network and need a seriously affordable handset that can be used to get online and stay connected, the Smart N8 is a very solid selection. Performance is good enough for everyday basic tasks, while the parental controls make it a good choice as a fa... If you’re on or switching to the Vodafone network and need a seriously affordable handset that can be used to get online and stay connected, the Smart N8 is a very solid selection. Performance is good enough for everyday basic tasks, while the parental controls make it a good choice as a family handset. At this price it’s difficult to fault the camera tech and that surprisingly colourful screen either. With the addition of that fingerprint sensor, you’ll struggle to find better value for money, as long as you don’t mind being tied to Voda.. Darn, there are no reviews yet for. Be the first to write a review .. Vodafone Smart N8 Unboxing & Hands-on Review. How To Unlock Vodafone Smart N8, V8 and E8 by Unlock Code.. Vodafone Smart N8 Review + Camera & Audio Review. Hard reset Vodafone smart N8 VDF 610. Vodafone Smart N8: unboxing and first impression. Vodafone Smart N8 has dual speakers and fingerprint reader on the cheap - innjoo 3. How to Install Android 8 Oreo on Vodafone Smart N8 Lineage OS 15. Unlock Vodafone Smart N8 (VFD 610, OT-V610) By Unlock Code. Vodafone Smart N8 phone 720 30fps camera test video. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
Vodafone Smart N8 Review: A great, affordable family phone. Vodafone Smart N8 review: Screen and media. Vodafone Smart N8 review: Features and OS. Vodafone Smart N8 review: Performance and battery life. Screen size 5-inches Screen resolution 1280x800 Weight 151g OS Android 7.0 Rear Camera 13-megapixels Front camera 5-megapixels Processor Quad core 1.25GHz Memory 1.5GB Storage 16GB + microSD 4G LTE Yes Bonus features Fingerprint sensor, parental controls. Parental controls Colourful screen Expandable storage Fingerprint sensor. Our Vodafone Smart N8 review takes a close look at Vodafone’s own-brand value-packed smartphone, which costs under £100 SIM-free.. Vodafone has long impressed us with its ‘Smart’ range of mobile phones. These handsets tend to cost less than most rival blowers, yet still pack plenty of smarts – including HD displays, strong budget performance and excellent battery life.. Last year’s Smart Prime 7. is still one of the best smartphones you’ll get for under a hundred quid in the UK, thanks to its impressive specs and satisfying user experience. You’ll struggle to find a mobile at this price that offers so much value. Even the excellent Moto G5 and Honor 6X. cost twice as much, so the Vodafone handsets are a solid choice for anyone on a really tight budget.. Vodafone has just released its first Smart device of 2017, the Smart N8, which can be picked up from the UK network for just £85 on Pay-As-You-Go. For that low price you once again get pretty impressive specs and features such as a fingerprint sensor – something rarely found on smartphones under £150. In fact, the Smart N8’s closest rival right now is the upcoming Moto E4 , another budget handset that boasts such a sensor – without being locked down to a specific carrier.. We’ve been testing the Vodafone Smart N8 for a few days and here’s our full review. Also, check out our guide to the best budget phones in 2017 for more ideas.. When I first pulled the Smart N8 from its box, this budget blower immediately reminded me of Motorola’s Moto G3 handset. Launched back in 2015, the Moto G3 offered a similar compact frame, rounded corners and textured plastic backing, which combine for a comfortable and effortless grip. Not to mention easy one-handed operation. Sure, Vodafone’s handset is kind of a plain jane, but what do you expect at this price point?. You can actually prise off that plastic backing to reveal the phone’s innards. The battery is well and truly encased, so you can’t pull it out and replace with another, sadly. Rather, this feature is how you access the SIM card and microSD memory card slots. Push the rear plate back into place and it sticks firmly, with no gaps or other troublesome issues.. One advantage of that hard plastic shell is the ruggedness factor. The Vodafone Smart N8 is one tough cookie, fending off sharp objects and unexpected knocks without any sign of wear and tear. We’re yet to see any scratches or scuffs appear. Of course, the Smart N8 is not water resistant (unlike the Moto G3), so don’t go dunking it in the bath.. It’s great to see a fingerprint sensor on this handset, housed neatly on the rear end so your finger naturally falls over it when you pick up the Smart N8. It’s not the nippiest at unlocking your phone, although we rarely had to tap more than once for our print to be recognised.. After a few days of use, I’m very impressed by the Smart N8’s cut-price display. This 5-inch HD screen has its flaws of course, although nothing that I wouldn’t expect considering the budget roots.. To start with, it’s sharp enough that you won’t notice individual pixels or grainy images when watching high-def content. The Smart N8 puts out surprisingly punchy colours too. There’s even a ‘vivid mode’ in the display settings, to give the visuals a boost. You get the usual blue filter mode too, for a more comfortable night time viewing experience.. Of course, viewing angles could be better and the brightness levels aren’t too strong, so you might be squinting a little on bright days. Those issues aside, this is a solid screen for the cash.. Although it appears that the Smart N8 sports dual front-facing speakers, the top blaster is an earpiece only. Audio from movies, music and so on is only churned out by the bottom speaker. Sound quality is tinny of course, although just about powerful enough to cut through loud environmental noise.. Android OS is present in its most recent incarnation, nicknamed Nougat. Again, this is great considering the Smart N8 is a sub-£100 handset.. If you’re new to smartphones, don’t stress. The Smart N8 will guide you through the user interface and show you how to use the handset, from setting up your desktops to checking notifications. No worries if you’re more than used to these devices however, as you can disable these tips with a quick tap.. Vodafone has added in some of its own apps as well. These allow you to quickly check your remaining balance or allowance, depending on whether you’ve gone PAYG or contract. A couple of times we did get a ‘this service is too busy’ message, which is pretty ridiculous and something we haven’t seen from other providers’ services. When it works it’s a handy addition though, to ensure you don’t go over your limits or run out of credit.. We’re pleased to see Vodafone adding parental controls to this phone too, for extra peace of mind. This means you can give the Smart N8 to a younger member of your family and set limits on what they can actually do. That includes setting time limits on apps and internet use, or even disabling them entirely.. All you need to do is link the Smart to your own mobile (an easy process which involves setting up an independent PIN that only you know). You can then set access privileges as well as prevent the installation (or removal) of apps. Vodafone has also included the ability to remotely check the location of the phone, and display your personal contact info on the Smart N8’s lock screen (in case the handset is lost).. The Smart N8 comes packing 16GB of built-in storage, a typical amount for £150 and under smartphones. Roughly 10GB of this is available for your apps and files, although you can slip in a microSD memory card to expand by a further 32GB. Definitely do so if you’re planning on carrying around lots of media, or taking loads of photos and video using the Smart N8’s camera.. With its basic MediaTek chipset, backed by just 1.5GB of RAM, the Vodafone Smart N8 is most at home with simple, straightforward tasks. Web browsing, media streaming and messaging all work well, with only the odd stutter to slow things down.. However, I did notice that the Smart N8 tended to heat up rather quickly. For instance, streaming YouTube videos for more than fifteen minutes usually made the rear of the phone get rather toasty, especially the surface of the fingerprint sensor. Nothing too alarming, but certainly worth pointing out.. Fancy doing some gaming? You can play the likes of Angry Birds Evolved, although don’t expect a smooth frame rate. You’re better off with simple titles that don’t involve tight reaction times, in case a sudden, unexpected stammer throws you off.. A single charge of the phone’s battery kept us going all day, even with pretty heavy use. You can stream video non-stop for roughly six hours on a single charge also, which is a respectable effort for a compact phone.. Another area where the Smart N8 impresses is its camera tech. That 13-megapixel rear snapper is fully capable of capturing your everyday life, offering photos with respectable detail levels and realistic colour reproduction.. At this price point you have to expect flaws, and the Smart N8’s achilles heel is rather predictably tricky lighting conditions. Strong light often results in a soft image, while high contrast scenes prove a serious problem. You can expect a mixture of murky dark areas and oversaturated bright spots when shooting anything against a bright sky, for instance.. The lens also struggles to focus in low light, even with a bit of manual help. Still, the LED flash helps out in those instances, proving just about powerful enough when your subject is stood close.. Video quality isn’t fantastic, so you’re best off just using the Smart N8 for silly, shareable stuff online rather than treasured home movies. The focus is constantly ‘popping’ when the camera is in motion, while images appear washed out or grainy in anything but perfect lighting. And although we appreciate an anti-shake feature, our footage when walking and shooting was still very juddery.. Check out our photo samples below.. If you’re on or switching to the Vodafone network and need a seriously affordable handset that can be used to get online and stay connected, the Smart N8 is a very solid selection. Performance is good enough for everyday basic tasks, while the parental controls make it a good choice as a family handset.. At this price it’s difficult to fault the camera tech and that surprisingly colourful screen either. With the addition of that fingerprint sensor, you’ll struggle to find better value for money, as long as you don’t mind being tied to Voda.. EE Hawk Review: 4G hero at a budget price. Vodafone Smart N8: best budget phone of 2017?. Sony Xperia L1 Camera Review: Sony’s budget phone offers simple snaps. Vodafone Smart E8 setup and in-depth hands-on review. Alcatel A3 Plus Hands-on Review: Solid yet basic affordable smartphone. How to bag a budget phone for almost half-price, with Wileyfox’s clever Add-X scheme. EE Hawk Review: 4G hero at a budget price. Vodafone Smart N8: best budget phone of 2017?. Sony Xperia L1 Camera Review: Sony’s budget phone offers simple snaps. Vodafone Smart E8 setup and in-depth hands-on review. Alcatel A3 Plus Hands-on Review: Solid yet basic affordable smartphone. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. Mobile Phones · Features Best budget camera phones: The greatest mobile snappers for £299 and under. Broadband & TV · Features How do I stream Sky Go to a TV, to watch Sky shows or movies on a big screen?. Mobile Phones · Features Neko Atsume rare cats guide: How to get Cream-san, Bengal Jack and more. Mobile Phones · Features What is iOS and what does iOS stand for?. Broadband & TV · Features How can I watch Amazon Prime Video on my TV?. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Great specs for under £100, but is it too cheap?. Battery life Not even a day of life with moderate use 2,400mAh battery Camera 13MP rear and 5MP front-facing camera Photos are low quality Camera samples. Good battery life has always been a must for a successful smartphone. Before, it was mainly the preserve of the flagships, but now, with devices like the Lenovo P2 , we are beginning to see better longevity at the budget end.. Unfortunately, the battery life on the Vodafone Smart N8 is slightly sub-par. Though the 2,400mAh battery may seem to be adequate for a phone of this size, what we found was that the device commonly failed to get through a day of moderate to heavy use.. In most cases a day would involve an hour of streaming with Bluetooth headphones on the morning commute, around an hour of calls, messaging and emails throughout the day and half an hour of light gaming in the evening.. All of this would usually see the battery conk out at around 7pm. This will be manageable for most, since by that point you’ll likely be home and able to plug it in, but it is certainly far from the 2-day dream.. The situation is no better when it comes to video performance. Running the TechRadar video test (a 720p video played at full brightness for 90 minutes) saw the battery drop from 81% to 53%, a 28% drop.. The Moto G5 for comparison dropped 22% and even that only has average life. So if you like to watch a lot of video on the go, the Vodafone Smart N8 isn’t for you.. Typically, even the most budget of blowers comes with a series of grandiose claims attached to its camera. Talk of phase detect autofocus, backside illuminated sensors and all sorts of other exotic tech end up in marketing pitches, and yet rarely to any real effect.. The Vodafone Smart N8 doesn’t come with a fancy aperture, or indeed anything else. Both cameras have a flash, and both also have a middle of the road resolution at 13MP and 5MP for the rear and front respectively, and that is it.. But the performance is what counts and sadly that is far from impressive.. In decent lighting, and with a static subject, the autofocus will lock on quickly enough, and produce shots that are reasonably true to life – but that is the best that can be said for them.. In most conditions, the focus will hunt continuously, completely unable to get a lock on anything moving faster than an asthmatic snail. Curiously, the phone also really struggles to get a focus in macro shots, particularly with red flowers.. High Dynamic Range (HDR) mode does make an appearance however. This essentially allows a camera to take three shots and combine them, for better dynamic range, colour and details.. The difficulties in focusing are made far worse when activating HDR mode though, and moving even an inch produces a weird ghosting effect – like an old-fashioned double exposure.. A ‘Night Mode’ also makes an appearance, but all this does is change the white balance and activate a slightly longer shutter, with limited effect.. There is also a ‘Pro’ mode, allowing you manually focus, which helps considerably in getting around the issues with autofocus.. Generally though, shots are grainy, mushy and noisy. Detail is poorly represented, highlights are completely blown out in relatively simple scenes and the autofocus is from another century.. The selfie camera fares much the same, producing noisy shots with mushy detail and poor dynamic range.. For £85, having a camera that isn’t quite the worst thing in the world is a small achievement, but this is the Vodafone Smart N8’s biggest failing.. With erratic focus, this shot took several tries, however the colours produced are true to life.. Click here to see the full resolution image. This scene is overexposed, washed out and lacking fine detail.. Click here to see the full resolution image. The selfie camera is the same story as on the rear, producing poor, mushy shots with an off-colour cast.. Click here to see the full resolution image. Here is what happens with any movement while using the HDR mode, rock-steady hands are required for usable shots.. Click here to see the full resolution image. The Night Mode does little, if anything, to improve shots taken in low-light.. Click here to see the full resolution image. Prev Page What's it like to use?. Next Page Verdict and competition. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
By using vodafone.com.mt, you're consenting to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.. Close My Vodafone Log In menu. 144.5 x 71.9 x 8.6 mm (5.69 x 2.83 x 0.34 in). 
Home › Vodafone › Smart N8 Vodafone Smart N8 - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Vodafone Smart N8 List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Vodafone Smart N8 Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR. Dimensions : 71.95 x 144.5 x 8.65 mm Weight : 151 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1250 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 1.5 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 16 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2400 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.2 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Vodafone Model Smart N8 Model alias VFD-610 Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 71.95 mm (millimeters) 7.2 cm (centimeters) 0.24 ft (feet) 2.83 in (inches) Height 144.5 mm (millimeters) 14.45 cm (centimeters) 0.47 ft (feet) 5.69 in (inches) Thickness 8.65 mm (millimeters) 0.87 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.34 in (inches) Weight 151 g (grams) 0.33 lbs (pounds) 5.34 oz (ounces) Volume 89.93 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 5.46 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Gray Gold Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Nano-SIM (4FF - fourth form factor, since 2012, 12.30 x 8.80 x 0.67 mm) Number of SIM cards 1 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE 700 MHz (B28) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 7.0 Nougat System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6737 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1250 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP1 GPU cores 1 GPU frequency 600 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 1.5 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 640 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 16 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5 in (inches) 127 mm (millimeters) 12.7 cm (centimeters) Width 2.45 in (inches) 62.26 mm (millimeters) 6.23 cm (centimeters) Height 4.36 in (inches) 110.69 mm (millimeters) 11.07 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Pixel density 294 ppi (pixels per inch) 115 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 66.5 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Fingerprint Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Aperture f/2.0 Flash type LED Image resolution 4160 x 3120 pixels 12.98 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Face detection White balance settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Flash type LED Image resolution 2560 x 1920 pixels 4.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.2 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AAC+ / aacPlus / HE-AAC v1 AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) VP8 VP9 Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2400 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 13 h (hours) 780 min (minutes) 0.5 days 2G stand-by time 450 h (hours) 27000 min (minutes) 18.8 days 3G talk time 13 h (hours) 780 min (minutes) 0.5 days 3G stand-by time 450 h (hours) 27000 min (minutes) 18.8 days Features Non-removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (EU) 1.39 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (EU) 1.51 W/kg (watts per kilogram). Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. The SAR head rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is held next to the ear in a talk position. In Europe, the SAR limit for hand-held mobile devices is set to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard is specified by the CENELEC, complies with the IEC standards and follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998.. This SAR rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is placed at the hip level. The top SAR value for mobile devices used in Europe is limited to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998 as well as the IEC standards and is determined by the CENELEC.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 71.95 x 144.5 x 8.65 mm Weight : 151 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1250 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz RAM : 1.5 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 16 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2400 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
144.5 x 71.95 x 8.65 mm. Android OS v7.0 ( Nougat ). 13 MP 4160 x 3120 px. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. DroidChart.com / Smartphones / Vodafone / Vodafone Smart N8 (2017). 5 inches 720 x 1280 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the Vodafone Smart N8 (VFD-610). The list of the competitors most often compared to the Vodafone Smart N8 smartphone.. The Vodafone Smart N8 (VFD-610) smartphone released in 2017. It is powered by Mediatek MT6737 chipset, 1.5 GB of RAM and 16 GB of internal storage.. The Vodafone Smart N8 runs on Android OS v7.0 (Nougat) out of the box. It comes with a Li-Ion 2400 mAh, non-removable battery. It features a 5 inches IPS display with 720 x 1280 px resolution. The IPS technology is one of the most leading LCD technologies in the world.. The Vodafone Smart N8 runs on Android OS v7.0 (Nougat) out of the box, but the Smart N8's firmware can be upgraded to a newer version of OS.. Screen size is measured in inches, diagonally from corner to corner. The 5 inches IPS capacitive touch screen with 720 x 1280 px resolution is multitouch capable.. The smartphone's memory (1.5 GB) cannot be expanded, but the storage (16 GB) can be expanded with a microSD card.. The camera of the Vodafone Smart N8 has no autofocus capability (fixed-focus). Autofocus is a camera feature that fine-tunes the focus of the camera. When you try to take a photo of a nearby object with an autofocusless camera, you will discover that your photo isn't very sharp.. Smart N8 is 3G and 4G capable. This smartphone has a built-in GPS receiver. GPS is a satellite based navigation system that allows the determination of the exact geographical location on Earth. This Vodafone smartphone has FM radio receiver.. The Li-Ion 2400 mAh, non-removable battery gives the smartphone a good battery backup. This is a low maintenance battery. No periodic discharge is needed and charging can be done at random.. The smartphone sensors measure physical quantities and transmit them to the application processor. The phones's accelerometer is a built-in electronic component that measures tilt and motion. A fingerprint sensor is one of the easiest and most secure ways to protect your smartphone. The proximity sensor detects when a user is holding the phone near their face during a call and turns off the display to prevent keypad presses and battery consumption from the display.. Compare Vodafone Smart N8 to other smartphones. The specifications above are based on the official data published by the manufacturer, but we also take user reviews into consideration. If you found an error or something lacking in the specifications above for the Vodafone Smart N8, then don’t hesitate and signal the problem to us.. According to our statistics, the Vodafone Smart N8 smartphone was most often compared on our site with the following smartphones.. Compare Vodafone Smart N8 to other smartphones. If there’s information about the Vodafone Smart N8 that you would like to see on this site, then write to our webmaster@droidchart.com address.. 
Talkin’ Tech – Episode 50 – The Boys Are Back In Town. Talkin’ Tech – Episode 49 – It’s December. Talkin’ Tech Episode 48 – BTEE Being Told No. Talkin’ Tech Episode 47 – Card-Less Cashpoints. Tell Me More – Episode 4 – Ryan Shrout. Tell Me More – Episode 3 with Cam Bunton. Tell Me More – Episode 2 with Michael Fisher. Tell Me More – Episode 1 with Josh Walrath. 5 Essential Mobile Games for Smartphone Owners in 2018. VR Utilised To Assist Phantom Pain Patients. The OG Pebble: A Dead Product But Is It Still Worth It?. Top 5 Smartwatches of The Year 2017…So Far. Home / Featured / Review: Vodafone Smart N8. 5MP front facing camera with flash. When Vodafone told me that they were releasing a new phone the first thing I did was was shoot an email over to them and asked if they could ship me over a unit. As you can tell by this review they gave me a yes and sent me one over. This is my full review of the Vodafone Smart N8.. As usual despite Vodafone supplying the device, they have had no input on the review.. As usual let’s get the specs out the way. As with most devices these days it’s a simple affair. Lifting the lid reveals the phone itself. Under the tray you’ll find the paperwork, Micro USB cable and earphones. Again for some reason my unit has arrived with a European mains adapter that outputs at 1 amp.. Starting on the front you’ll find the earpiece up top with the flash and camera to the right, sitting below the 5inch 720p display with second speaker sitting below that. Jumping to the right you’ll find the volume rocker and the power button. Around the back you’ll find the camera with the flash to the right, with the fingerprint scanner below the camera.. Up top is the 3.5mm headphone jack off to the right. Heading to the left of the device you find nothing of note and finally down below sits the Micro USB port.. The first thing you notice when you pick the device up is how light it is, weighing in at just 151 grams. The fingerprint scanner is also surprising fast too. Now in now way shape or form is it as fast as my OnePlus 3 but nevertheless it’s still quick and accurate too. I did notice that after using the phone for more than about 10 minutes the fingerprint scanner does become slightly warm to the touch. Now this isn’t going to adversely affect operation of the device or cause you harm, it’s just irritating more than anything.. Similar to previous Vodafone phones my main issue is with the buttons. Now don’t get me wrong they are very tactile. The problem is that it can be hard to tell the difference between the the buttons. Which means you end up locking the screen instead of turning the volume down.. When it comes the display it is using a 720p resolution, and is fairly good at doing its job. The colours don’t pop and they do look a little washed, but it isn’t as washed when viewing images/videos. You can watch YouTube and it’s pretty good and it’s great for just general pottering around the UI.. The speakers are located above and below the the screen which gives out that HTC vibe. At first you’d think it has stereo audio but it doesn’t. Instead the top is for calls and the bottom is for everything else. As you can expect it’s not a high quality speaker nor is it loud. However on the flip side with the speaker being on the front it means that you don’t find yourself blocking it. I’m not trying to repeat myself here but it does sound the same as most of the phones from last year. When it comes to photos it really scrapes through. Like I’ve said on many if not all of the previous Vodafone phones in the past, the colour reproduction on the instructions just isn’t vibrant but rather looked quite washed out. The rear camera isn’t going to replace your point and shoot and the front camera isn’t going to give you a strong selfie game but then again what do you expect from budget phones.. This again follows through to the video footage too. Now the cameras are recording in 720p so it isn’t the highest quality. Take a look for yourself and see what you think.. When it comes to to battery life this is where this phone can shine. On light to medium use it was taking me through the day and it guesses that it could make it it to the following morning. So this including checking social media, Slack and a bit of YouTube. That’s impressive from the 2400mAh battery included.. When it comes to GeekBench 4’s benchmark it scored 535 in the single core test and 1509 in the multi core test, as well as 909 in the render script test. This is placing it in the middle of the line up to previous devices. This falls in line with the price tag of the device.. To round it all up then. The Vodafone Smart N8 isn’t a bad phone. Sure it doesn’t excel in everything but it ultimately does what it says on the tin; it provides a smartphone experience at a budget price that is acceptable if not excellent. This is what Vodafone are getting better at on fairness.. The battery life is where it shines which is down to its 720p display and lower power consumption Mediatek processor. Whether you but this phone ultimately comes down to your budget. At £85 you can’t really go wrong and of that’s what you have to spend then crack on. It completed every task I threw at it. Sure it wasn’t the fastest but it got the job done. Which in all fairness is all I can ask for in a sub £100 device.. If you have any questions than feel free to ask them in the comments or on our social feeds.. Tags Android N8 smartphone vodafone. Techie, Biker, Gamer, RC Stockcar racer. NUU G3 – Another Budget Contender? MWC2018. Sony Xperia XZ2 Devices Bring 18:9 Display – MWC 2018. The ZTE Blade V9 Announced – MWC 2018. Huawei Matebook X Pro – Hands On Video. Vodafone Smart N8 £85 7.8 Build Qaulity 7.0 /10 Performance 7.0 /10 Camera 8.0 /10 …. Samsung Announces the Galaxy S9 and S9+ at MWC 2018. Here at MWC 2018, Samsung had their annual (bi-annual?) Unpacked Event and, to the surprise …. Dec 2, 2017 at 11:38 am. My Husband, David has bought.one but Has a hear8ng problem whereas he can’t hear certain tones and the ringtones on this phone are hardly audible we can’t find we can download any ringtones. Dec 9, 2017 at 5:27 am. Hi Linda, Theres an app called Zedge on the Play Store. It has all sorts of ringtones, notifications and wallpapers. You should be able to find somthing. Dec 7, 2017 at 10:53 pm. I’m finding it gets very hot when I have a conversation longer than 5 mins which actually burns my ear.. Dec 9, 2017 at 5:25 am. Hi Cheryl, I can’t say I’ve heard that before. Admitly I don’t tend to use the devices for phone calls so I didn’t test. Your best bet would be to contact Vodafone and see if they can help.. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Notify me of follow-up comments by email.. Notify me of new posts by email.. Massdrop NuForce EDC3 IEM Quick Review. Watch Hands On With The Huawei Matebook X Pro - MWC2018. Massdrop NuForce EDC3 IEM Quick Review. © Copyright 2018, All Rights Reserved. 
The next video is starting stop. Vodafone Smart N8 Unboxing & Hands-on Review. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Vodafone Smart N8 unboxing, setup and hands-on review: We unbox and check out the new Smart N8 smartphone from Vodafone, a budget mobile boasting HD visuals and a fingerprint sensor for under £100. The Vodafone Smart N8 has just been released in the UK, for £85 PAYG. That small sum gets you a 5-inch device with an HD screen, fingerprint sensor, Android Nougat and 13MP camera. Suitable for all ages and with full parental controls, the N8 looks to be a great budget handset for anyone in the family. Here's our hands-on review and unboxing with the Smart N8 and stay tuned for our in-depth N8 review. Subscribe to Recombu for more great content: http://bit.ly/1f3dxSq Follow us on Twitter:. www.facebook.com/recombu Find Recombu on Instagram: www.instagram.com/recombuofficial Read our Website: www.recombu.com Like, Comment, Subscribe!. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. The science is in: Exercise isn’t the best way to lose weight. Why all world maps are wrong. Top 8 Best BUDGET Phones 2017. 8 Most Useful Gadgets on Amazon Under $15. Vodafone Smart V8 Unboxing & Hands-on Review. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Sony Xperia XZ2 Hands-on Review: Galaxy S9 killer?. Vodafone Smart N8 Review + Camera & Audio Review. How to insert sim and SD card into Vodafone Smart N8. Vodafone Smart N8: unboxing and first impression. Vodafone Smart N8 si Vodafone Smart E8 - review. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. In our final video on the Vodafone Smart N8 I do a full review and give my personal thoughts. Vodafone UK Store https://goo.gl/wDqLij _____________________________________________________ Our Social Bubble Youtube www.youtube.com/c/techtalkuk1 Twitter https://twitter.com/TechTalkUK1 Instagram https://www.instagram.com/techtalkuk/ ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- If you would like to get in touch this is our email address and if you have a product that you wish for me to review on our channel please also use the email below. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Vodafone Smart N8 Unboxing & Hands-on Review. 10 SIMPLE LIFE HACKS WITH SMARTPHONE. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Vodafone Smart E8 Unboxing & Hands-on Review: £50 smartphone!. Vodafone Smart N8 si Vodafone Smart E8 - review. 7 SCI-FI MOVIE'S GADGETS That Really Exist !. Vodafone Smart N8: unboxing and first impression. Vodafone Smart N8 Review + Camera & Audio Review. 15 Amazing Phone Functions You Had No Idea Existed. Vodafone Smart V8 Unboxing & Hands-on Review. NOVO!! VODAFONE SMART N8 | SERIE 8 | 2017 | Unboxing | SiER. DON'T Buy The Samsung Galaxy Note 8. BIXBY Voice vs SIRI - Detailed Voice Assistant Comparison. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Support hub Get the help you need. New to Vodafone Support for you. Device guides Handy guides for your phone, tablet or modem. Set up your phone for text messaging. Your feedback means a lot to us. Please let us know how we could make our Device Guide site even better. Enter your comments here then click the 'Send' button.. Email this article to your friend. Key in the letters and numbers displayed in the box. Terms & conditions © 2017 Vodafone Limited. © 2017 Vodafone Ireland Limited, Mountainview, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of over 7,000 results for "Vodafone Smart N8". Vodafone Smart N8 Case,Gift_Source [Stand Feature] Premium Faux Leather Flip Wallet Cases Slim Folio Magnetic Closure Cover Built-in Credit Card/ID Card Slots for Vodafone Smart N8 (5.0 inch) [Pink]. Vodafone Smart N8 Case,Gift_Source [Stand Feature] Premium Faux Leather Flip Wallet Cases Slim Folio Magnetic Closure Cover Built-in Credit Card/ID Card Slots for Vodafone Smart N8 (5.0 inch) [Green]. Ace Armor Shield ProTek Guard Screen Protector for the Vodafone Smart Tab N8 with free lifetime Replacement warranty. 000765 - Cartoon Multi Middle Finger Cool VODAFONE SMART N8 Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. German Tech - Cover Gel Flexible Vodafone Smart N8, TPU Case made out of the best Silicone, protects and adapts flawlessly to your Smartphone, with our exclusive designs - Transparent Matte.. Vodafone Smart N8 Case,Gift_Source [Photo/Card Slots] [Wallet Function] Premium Soft PU Leather Folio Flip Kickstand Protective Cover Case & Magnetic closure for Vodafone Smart N8 (5.0 inch) [Black]. 003531 - Cool Wolf Abstract Universe Design VODAFONE SMART N8 Flip Case Purse pouch Stand Cover. Vodafone Smart N8 Case, BasicStock Flip Wallet Case Premium PU Leather Back Cover [Card Slots] [Stand] Folio Cover for Vodafone Smart N8 (Black). specifically designed for Vodafone Smart N8. Vodafone Smart N8 Case,Gift_Source [Stand Feature] Premium Faux Leather Flip Wallet Cases Slim Folio Magnetic Closure Cover Built-in Credit Card/ID Card Slots for Vodafone Smart N8 (5.0 inch) [Black]. Kingru Screen Film for Vodafone Smart N8, 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector Protective Phone Screen Film. Product Features Only suitable for Vodafone Smart N8. 001654 - Cool Funny Don'T Touch My Phone Monsters Phone Guard Design VODAFONE SMART N8 Flip Case Purse pouch Stand Cover. Vodafone Smart N8 Case,Gift_Source Luxury 3D Glitter Bling Crystal Rhinestone Case Magnetic Folio PU Leather Flip wallet Stand Cover & Card Slot for Vodafone Smart N8 (5.0 inch) [Gold]. Note:This case is fit for Vodafone Smart N8 (5.0 inch) ,not fit for .... Vodafone Smart N8 Adaptive Fast Charger Micro USB Cable Kit! [1 Wall Charger + 5 FT Micro USB Cable] AFC uses dual voltages for up to 50% faster charging! - Bulk Packaging - BLACK. Product Features *** COMPATIBILITY - Compatible with Vodafone : Smart N8 - Smart E8 - Smart V8. Vodafone Smart N8, Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector, 9H Hardness, Perfect fit, Anti-scratch, German Tech. MobiBax For Vodafone Smart N8 Tempered Glass Screen Protector By Hd Transparency 9H Hardness 0.3Mm Flat Surface 2D Glass clear. MobiBax For Vodafone Smart N8 Tempered Glass Screen Protector By Hd Shatter Proof Anti Scratch 9H Hardness Guard Film 0.3Mm Flat Surface 2D Glass. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Rewards on Pay as you go. My Vodafone app for iPhone and Android. Rewards on Pay as you go. My Vodafone app for iPhone and Android. All community This category This board Users. Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.. Float this Topic for Current User. How can I clear all messages from my Smart n8 email inbox (talktalk) at one go? I can delete them individually by swiping, but that will take a very long time.. I find this is a preference option for some email apps.. For example I use the email stock app on my Samsung Galaxy s8 and it has an edit option when I launch the App where it has a tick.box saying 'All'. You could try another email app.. Or access your email account via the browsers url bar and you maybe able to delete them all that way.. Thank you very much for your advice. I'm afraid I have not had any luck with either approach. I will probably just have to keep on deleting them invidually when I have time and patience!. I thought that maybe another email app in the Play Store would have sufficed.. If you delete your emails directly in your email login via your browser then they should all disappear from your phone app.. This happens when I do this with my imap type account. A guide to using the Community. Wifi Calling - Galaxy S8 Duos. Default to credit rating - URGENT. Galaxy S7 EDGE wifi calling, no option. Defaulted Vodafone account on my credit file. Is Vodaphone incompetent or is there something els.... Movile-Wifi R216 Disconnected - update settings ma.... Is Vodafone the world's worst customer service com.... Why Dont Vodafone offer rewards on wifi Top ups ?. Registered office: Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. 
Vodafone - Înapoi la pagina principală. Ascunde conţinutul pentru Servicii şi tarife. Lucrăm la îmbunătăţirea serviciului de chat, pentru ca experienţa ta să fie întotdeauna cea mai bună. Între timp, ne poţi contacta prin chat din aplicaţia MyVodafone sau prin e-mail .. Culoare: Auriu Negru. Alege plata în 6 sau 12 rate cu Card Avantaj, Star BT, Bonus Card sau carduri de cumpărături Raiffeisen Bank. Ai preturi speciale la prelungirea abonamentului. Alege oferta de pret cu abonament:. cu RED 13 si Social Pass. 119,00 € pret fara abonament 119.00. Ai ales să primesti informaţii când reintră în stoc produsul. Solicitarea a fost trimisă cu succes. îndată ce produsul va reintra in stoc.. Ajutor rapid pentru orice operatie online Ajutor cumparaturi online. Cum cumpar Detalii livrare Cum platesc Detalii comanda. 
Likes Followers Followers Followers Followers mobitabspecs Subscribe. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99 GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99 TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Note 3 available for $379.99 TomTop Deals: Koolnee K1 Trio smartphone available for $229.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 available for $569.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi 6 smartphone available for $449.99 GearBest Deals: MSI GL62M 7RD – 223CN Gaming Laptop available for $899.99 GearBest Deals: Vernee X Mobile available for $247.99 TomTop Deals: MX10 Android 7.1.2 TV Box RK3328 4GB / 32GB available for $58.99. Mobitabspecs - Tech Blog with Mobile Phones News and Specifications. News Deals Review Specification Mobiles Tablets Laptops Compare Comparisons. All Apps News Tablet News Mobile News Accessories News. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will Attend the MWC 2018. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Prev Next. All Tablet Deals TomTop Deals Mobile Deals Laptop Deals GearBest Deals Accessories Deal. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99. GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99. TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99. Prev Next. DesignCap Review- A Free and Effortless Online Poster Maker. Create Beautiful Logo Designs for Your Business With DesignEvo. Review: iSeePassword Windows Password Recovery Pro. Switch To A New Phone And Make The Switch As Easy As It Gets. Prev Next. Home Gadgets Mobiles Vodafone Smart N8 full specifications, features and Price. Vodafone Smart N8 full specifications, features and Price. Brand: Vodafone Category: Mobiles. CPU : 1.3GHz Quad core. Rear Camera : 13 MP. Phone Memory : 16 GB. OS : Android OS v7.0. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. 7.6 3.8 1. Display 8 / 10. RAM 7 / 10. Processor 7 / 10. Camera 8 / 10. Connectivity 8 / 10. Battery 7 / 10. Performance 8 / 10. Design 8 / 10. -13 MP rear camera with LED flash. -32 GB External Memory via microSD card. Vodafone Smart N8 full specifications, features and Price - Hot Deals Gionee P5 Mini (White, 8 GB) RS. 4,380 View Offer Gionee S6S (Latte Gold, 32 GB) Rs. 15,999 View Offer Gionee P5W (Black, 16 GB) Rs. 5,200 View Offer Gionee P5L (Gold, 16 GB) Rs. 7,999 View Offer. Vodafone Smart N8 full specifications, features and Price - Technical Specification. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 144.5 mm x 71.9 mm x 8.6 mm. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Display Protection Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. HSPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Chipset Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming.. CPU CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone.. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Accelerometer Proximity Ambient light Fingerprint. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Java Support Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. Youtube Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch.. Facebook Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. SMS SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks.. MMS MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol.. Email Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. IM IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Primary Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). Geotagging Autofocus HDR Touch focus Face detection Panoroma. Bluetooth Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices.. Infrared Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. Wireless Charging Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device.. HDMI HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device.. GPRS GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. EDGE EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. Web Browser Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. 3GP, M4V, H.263, H.264, MOV, AVI, xVID, WMV, FLV, MP4, H.265. Battery Type Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium.. Capacity Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions.. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic 2. Photo and video editor 4. Vodafone Smart N8 full specifications, features and Price - Rate this Device Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. RAM: Processor: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Vodafone Smart E8 0 Reviews View specs →. Vodafone Smart Tab N8 0 Reviews View specs →. 13,512 Likes 3,221 Followers 4 Followers 226 Followers 3,166 Followers RSS Subscribe. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will…. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Motorola Moto X4 6GB RAM variant launched in India. Prev Next 1 of 68. Mobile Specifications ZTE Blade V9 Vita Ulefone T2 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Samsung Galaxy S9 $719.99 Nokia 8110 4G $99.00 Nokia 8 Sirocco $924.00. Tablet Specifications BQ BQ-8041L Art $121.00 Samsung Galaxy Tab S4 10.5 SM-T835 Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 2018 Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 2018 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 Pro $643.00 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 $468.00. Laptop Specifications Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-7170GLD-PUS Laptop $1,549.00 Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-5156SLV-PUS Laptop $1,299.00 Xiaomi Air 13.3 Intel Core i7 Notebook $976.99 Asus A541UJ7200 Notebook $739.99 Asus A541UV7100 Notebook $609.99 Acer Predator 21 X $8,999.00. Recent Compares Alcatel 3 vs Alcatel 3x vs Alcatel 3v View Comparison → Alcatel 1x vs Alcatel 3v vs Alcatel 3x View Comparison → Nokia 8 Pro vs Nokia 7 Plus View Comparison →. Top Rated Samsung Galaxy S9 Active Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Apple iPhone X Plus LG Signature Edition $1,800.00 Apple iPhone Xc Samsung Galaxy S9 $719.99. Brands 10.or 3 360 3 Acer 8 AGM 1 Alcatel 36 Allcall 1 Allview 20 Apple 11 Archos 38 Asus 46 AT&T 1 Blackberry 5 Blackview 24 Blu 45 Bluboo 8 BQ 21 Brandeis 1 Cagabi 2 CAT 5 Celkon 7 Changhong 0 Cherry Mobile 5 Coolpad 24 Cubot 5 Dell 2 DEXP 4 Doogee 16 Doopro 9 Doov 3 EL 1 Elephone 16 Energizer 1 Essential 1 Fly 20 Freetel 2 Geecoo 5 Geotel 1 Gionee 31 Google 4 Gooweel 2 Gretel 1 Hafury 3 Haier 6 Highscreen 3 Hisense 6 HomTom 7 HP 2 HTC 19 Huawei 93 IBall 3 iMAN 0 iNew 1 Infinix 3 Infocus 10 Innjoo 1 Intex 29 itel 4 Ivoomi 10 Jinga 4 Jivi 4 Karbonn 20 Kenxinda 8 Kingzone 1 Kodak 1 Konka 3 Koobee 1 Kyocera 11 Lava 11 Leagoo 12 LeEco 6 Lenovo 14 Lephone 4 LG 53 LYF 3 M-Tech 1 Meitu 3 Meizu 20 Micromax 33 Microsoft 2 Motorola 28 Noa 1 Nokia 25 Nomi 2 Nomu 2 OKWU 2 OnePlus 5 Oppo 28 Oukitel 15 Panasonic 24 Phicomm 3 Philips 10 Phonemax 4 Plum 3 Prestigio 26 Razer 1 Red 1 Runbo 1 Samsung 90 Sansui 1 Senseit 1 Sharp 18 Smartisan 3 Smartron 2 Sony 30 Spice 3 Sugar 10 Swipe 6 Symphony 8 T-Mobile 5 TCL 1 Teclast 1 Tecno 13 Texet 1 THL 1 TP-Link 5 Uhans 7 Ulefone 11 UMI 7 Unihertz 2 Vernee 7 Vertex 3 Vertu 0 Verykool 22 Videocon 5 Vivo 24 Vkworld 4 Vodafone 3 Vphone 1 Walton 2 Wiko 16 Wileyfox 1 Xgody 5 Xiaolajiao 13 Xiaomi 38 Xolo 4 YotaPhone 1 Yu 2 Zen 12 Ziox 6 Zopo 8 ZTE 71. Facebook Join us on Facebook Twitter Join us on Twitter Google+ Join us on Google Instagram Join us on Instagram Pinterest Join us on Pinterest. Mobitabspecs.com is a Tech Blog With Mobiles Tablets Laptops specifications, comparisons, Rumours full information and Resources. Mobiles Tablets Laptops News, Software Reviews, Daily exclusive Deals & Coupons and more.. Laptops 13 Mobiles 1395 Upcoming Mobiles 693 Tablets 101. Home Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Site Map Comparisons Compare Brands. 
Support hub Get the help you need. New to Vodafone Support for you. Device guides Handy guides for your phone, tablet or modem. Set up your phone for internet. Turn automatic update of apps on or off. Your feedback means a lot to us. Please let us know how we could make our Device Guide site even better. Enter your comments here then click the 'Send' button.. Email this article to your friend. Key in the letters and numbers displayed in the box. Terms & conditions © 2017 Vodafone Limited. © 2017 Vodafone Ireland Limited, Mountainview, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. 
Home › Vodafone › Smart N8 Vodafone Smart N8 - CPU. Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR. Dimensions : 71.95 x 144.5 x 8.65 mm Weight : 151 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1250 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 1.5 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 16 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2400 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.2 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. CPU frequency, other Vodafone models Clock rate of the processor of Vodafone Smart N8 and information about other Vodafone models that have the same or similar CPU frequency. CPU frequency, models from other brands Clock rate of the processor of Vodafone Smart N8 and information about models from other brands with the same or similar CPU frequency.. 1000 MHz (MediaTek MT6572M, Cores: 2) 1000 MHz (MediaTek MT6735M, Cores: 4) 1000 MHz (MediaTek MT6735M, Cores: 4) 1100 MHz (Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 MSM8909, Cores: 4) 1100 MHz (Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 MSM8909, Cores: 4) 1100 MHz (MediaTek MT8735B, Cores: 4) 1200 MHz (Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 MSM8210, Cores: 2) 1200 MHz (Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 MSM8926, Cores: 4) 1200 MHz (Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 MSM8926, Cores: 4) 1200 MHz (Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916, Cores: 4) 1200 MHz (Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916, Cores: 4) 1200 MHz (Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1260 MHz (Qualcomm Snapdragon 212 MSM8909 v2, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6572, Cores: 2) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6582M, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (Spreadtrum SC7731G, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580M, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (MediaTek MT6580M, Cores: 4) 1300 MHz (Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 MSM8909, Cores: 4) 1400 MHz (Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 MSM8940, Cores: 8) 1400 MHz (Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 MSM8937, Cores: 8) 1500 MHz (Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 MSM8939, Cores: 8) 1800 MHz (Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 MSM8976, Cores: 8) 1800 MHz (MediaTek Helio P10 (MT6755M) , Cores: 8). 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737V/W, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737V, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737H, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737M, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737H, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737V, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737V, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737V, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737M, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737M, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737M, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737M, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737, Cores: 4) 1250 MHz (MediaTek MT6737M, Cores: 4). Posh Mobile Revel Max LTE L551. Posh Mobile Ultra Max LTE L550. Dimensions : 71.95 x 144.5 x 8.65 mm Weight : 151 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1250 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 600 MHz RAM : 1.5 GB, 640 MHz Storage : 16 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2400 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. For Vodafone Smart N8 - Wallet Leather Case Flip Book Cover + Screen Protector. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. For Vodafone Smart N8 - Wallet Leather Case Flip Book Cover + Screen Protector. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. blueenza has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. Approximately US $5.52 (including shipping). Read item description or contact seller for shipping options. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. Stand, inside Gel perfect Holder, Megantic Flip. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. After receiving the item, contact seller within. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. This item will ship to Singapore , but the seller has not specified shipping options. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Item location: , , United Kingdom. Excludes: Central America and Caribbean, Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan Republic, Bangladesh, Bhutan, China, Georgia, India, Japan, Kazakhstan, Korea, South, Kyrgyzstan, Maldives, Mongolia, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 380.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. Feedback on blueenza from others who bought this item. Excellent service all round , very fast delivery #PERFECT. Great service and nice phone case, thanks very much.. Oggetto come da descrizione, spedizione puntuale!. Thanks fast delivery spot on with item. How to Choose the Right Flip Phone for You ,. 5 Things to Consider when Buying an iPhone Case ,. How to Buy an iPhone 3GS Case ,. How to Buy an iPhone 4 Case on eBay ,. 7 Tips on Purchasing an OtterBox Case for Your Kindle Fire ,. How to Make a Photo Phone Case ,. Top Armored Cases for Nokia N8. Screen Protector for Nokia N8 ,. Vodafone For Vodafone Smart prime 6 Cases, Covers & Skins ,. Glossy Screen Protectors for Nokia N8 ,. Vodafone For Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Cases, Covers & Skins ,. Unbranded Screen Protectors for Nokia N8 ,. For Vodafone Smart first 6 Cell Phone Screen Protectors. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Vodafone Smart N8 - Battery life, camera and verdict. Vodafone Smart N8 – Battery Life. Should you buy the Vodafone Smart N8?. There are some pretty major manufacturers out there that could learn a thing or two from Vodafone’s approach to software. The Vodafone Smart N8 follows the network’s tradition of going with a near-as stock version of Android, with only light embellishment.. The good news this time is that you get Android 7.0 , which is the latest iteration of Google’s mobile OS – give or take a few sub-versions. Where Vodafone has tinkered with the nuts and bolts of the Android OS, it’s been quite smartly thought out. For example, the network’s software team has supplied four customisable shortcuts from the lockscreen.. To start you get access to the flashlight, calculator, and camera, with a spare slot left over and the potential to add a fifth. Optional extras include such things as composing a new email, navigating home in Google Maps, and initiating a voice search.. Of course, this being a mobile network effort, you also have to contend with a bunch of bloatware. I appreciate that Vodafone wants to make this phone as easy to use as possible for the beginner, but was there really the need to devote the entire left-most homescreen to ‘Beginners tips’? Surely Google Now would have been far more useful here, at least after the first week of ownership.. There’s also an ugly and largely useless My Vodafone widget to the right of the main homescreen, although this can be readily removed with a hold and a swipe.. Vodafone also includes its own phone and text apps, both of which are functional but pretty ugly. You can download decent replacement apps from the Google Play Store, of course, which I’d recommend. In particular, you might want to opt for a different messaging app, since Vodafone’s default can be a little restrictive in its treatment of picture messages. This is evidently to help you avoid burning through your PAYG allowance, but it felt a little crude.. You never expect great things from a budget phone’s camera, and the Vodafone Smart N8 doesn’t really upset those expectations. On paper it offers a respectable 13-megapixel sensor – a step up from last year’s model – with a flash and autofocus.. It’s capable of capturing some reasonably sharp shots with pleasantly balanced colours in ideal lighting conditions, but the camera falls down whenever that isn’t the case. In other words, most of the time.. Things get particularly fuzzy and lacking in detail whenever the lighting drops lower, while brightness spikes will make the phone’s limited image sensor flip out and overexpose.. The way that mobile makers usually compensate for the latter effect is through an HDR mode, which takes separate images focusing on the dark and light areas of the picture and then combines them into one. There is a manual HDR mode available here, which isn’t always a given in budget phones, but it’s pretty poor. In my experience, images taken with HDR were way too bright and false-looking. The balance was completely off, and I invariably preferred the murkier original non-HDR efforts.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Of course, for most people using the Vodafone Smart N8, pin-sharp photos won’t be a priority. It’s just fine for off-the-cuff social media posts, and there’s a similarly okay 5-megapixel front-facing camera for selfies.. Perhaps the most important thing to discuss here, then, is how easy the Vodafone Smart N8’s camera is to use. Vodafone’s camera software is super-intuitive, wisely taking a few pages out of Apple’s iOS book in terms of look and feel. You can flick between photo and video mode with a swipe, there are multiple filter options accessible from the main viewfinder, and you can even access a manual mode if you want to tweak the ISO, shutter speed, and white balance levels.. You’ll do well to improve the final results, mind.. Surprisingly, given that it’s a thicker phone, the Vodafone Smart N8 has a smaller battery than last year’s Vodafone Smart Prime 7. It’s a 2400mAh unit compared to the Prime’s 2540mAh.. Regardless of the downshift, though, the Smart N8 doesn’t suffer for stamina. Its relatively low-res display and modest CPU ensure that you can go through a whole day of moderate use without worrying about running out of juice.. Try anything more intensive over a sustained period, however, and you’ll witness a much steeper drop. I watched a 51-minute HD TV episode that I’d downloaded through the Google Play Store, with the screen brightness cranked right up to max, and the phone lost the last of its 24% charge just as the closing credits were rolling. Meanwhile, 15-20 minutes of Guns of Boom gameplay consumed 8% of the phone’s remaining battery life.. This isn’t the phone to provide you with a sustained media fix throughout an extended trip, then. But given the Smart N8’s lack of power and relatively humble display, I’d have thought that was evident well before we turned to the matter of battery life.. The Vodafone Smart N8 is built for calling, texting, social media monitoring, and the odd bout of light web browsing. If you stick to that, you’ll clear a day’s usage with room to spare.. The camera can perform solidly in good lighting: check out the sharpness and deep red of the mushroom. HDR-off: There are issues, but the detail and colour isn’t too awful here with HDR off. HDR-on: Apply HDR to the same shot and you get an unnatural brightening without sorting the bleached skies. The AF can be quite effective with close-ups. Check out those blown-out skies – and no, HDR was no help. It’s impossible to argue that the Vodafone Smart N8 is anything less than a bargain. You’re getting a competent smartphone with near-stock Android 7.0, a bright 5-inch 720p display, and a reliable fingerprint sensor all for £85.. There have clearly been some hefty compromises made in order to get that price down though, and it results in sluggish performance and an underwhelming camera. The phone won’t win any prizes for its looks, either.. For a more rounded experience you should seriously consider saving up another £70 or so for a Moto G5 or a Wileyfox Swift 2. If that’s not an option, however, you can’t get much more smartphone for under £100 than the Vodafone Smart N8.. At less than £100, the Vodafone Smart N8 is a decent and fully featured smartphone. However, there are some notable compromises that can only be solved by throwing a little extra money at the problem.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Vodafone Smart N8 - user opinions and reviews. My niece looked into phones for me as I am not very good with new devices. She has chosen very well indeed for me. You can't beat it for the price, I have bought 12 of them for our fleet of drivers.. They managed to skip water resistance, and mine has already been water damaged. I'd just buy a Galaxy S5, even if you don't get Android 7.0. Also, this phone is stuck to Vodafone, therefore they put lots of their own bloatware on to the device's 16GB storage. Even then, there is no sign that this phone is getting Android 8.0. Most of the time, the bloatware (especially VF Accessories) takes forever to recompile to work on the latest version. The performance? It's not so good. It has a low-end MediaTek processor, which is fine for games like opsu! (an open-source version of the already open-source osu!) but in Minecraft, the render distance is limited to... Had a galaxy x cover 3 prior. This is better in all aspects except for not being waterproof. 1.5gig of ram was a concern but so far has not been a problem. Camera is better than the xcover in that it is clearer not so blurry. Screen is retina dislay quality and rom at 16gig gives about 10gig free for apps.. Have not been able to unlock the phone since I got it. Have been operating on it with wireless network. Now the screen got broken 2days ago and can't get where to fix it please help me out o. my vodaphone n8 cuts out sound to my callers ,had it sent away 3 times for repair ,alright when it came back then didn't work again after a few days. vodaphone then gave me a new n8 , had it for about 9 days and now this ones done the same thing grrrrr.. First of all, this is a brilliant phone. It has optimal performance and a good battery. I was playing games for 4 hours and it didn't even break a sweat.. I hear you talk about updates. I just wanna know the quality of the pictures.. Smart Prime 6 never got an update. Its hardware is only a tiny bit better, but costs more than double. Grenouille, 14 Sep 2017 Why are people whining so soon about no updates? The phone was only released in June 2017. more Why people are whining about updates... Based on past experience they will only release 3 security patches, then trash the phone. Smart Prime 6 only got 2 security updates in 2 years. Phone shipped with 5.0.2 in 2015, it's still on that version. Why are people whining so soon about no updates? The phone was only released in June 2017. The N8 I used had an OTA update on 31st of August to 7.0-120FCN1.. Wouldn't get this even if they gave me money to have it. No support, no updates, no nothing.. Firmware download=not, tehnical support=not, product is "alcatel"? Just name alcatel, alcatel romania decline this product. Vodafone ...support have not suuport and have not link to product alcatel. please do not buy alcatel, philips, e-boda, allview, prestigio brand. If is vodafone branded, buy zte, qualcomm or other real brand. For example, vodafone smart ultra 6 (zte name is vodafone 995n), firmware, suport and 4 update from android 5.0.1 to 6.0.1. Not even the fingerprint scanner can lure me to get another Vodafone, I'd rather get the Galaxy J3.. Twatonk, 14 Jun 2017 just realized that Vodafone produced smartphone good to know.. Oh dear me...part of Smart Ultra 6 touch screen failed after 10 months, preventing part of the keyboard working. Took it to Vodafone for repair, who examined the externals very closely and found NO damage (I always kept in a case covering back and front of phone) before sending for repair. Vodafone now tell me the fix is chargeable (£70+) despite still being well within warranty. This phone is built to a price, as are it's successors (Smart Ultra 7, N8 and on). I wouldn't choose this phone or it's successors if I was buying again...specs good, great when it's working, but simply not robust enough for my real world use. My experience of Vodafone after sales service is worse than disappointing... A 4* phone, with Vodafone after sales customer service feeling more like an abdication than a service. Twatonk, 14 Jun 2017 just realized that Vodafone produced smartphone good to have. just realized that Vodafone produced smartphone. better then 10 time moto E4, redmi 4 $70. Total of 19 user reviews and opinions for Vodafone Smart N8 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart E8 Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Nokia 3 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Nokia 2. Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8. 
Sign up for our daily newsletter. Toggle menus Toggle search. Home Mobiles Tablets PCs Laptops Cameras Games Appliances TVs Wearables Printers Software Accessories Networks Storage Video Cameras. Latest deals Coffee machines Broadband PC Performance Sky Soundbox Nintendo Switch Baby products Newsletter. You are here: Home Vodafone Vodafone Smart N8 review: Can it live up to the Vodafone Smart Prime 7?. Vodafone Smart N8 review: Can it live up to the Vodafone Smart Prime 7?. facebook twitter google+ email Comments. inc VAT (not including compulsory £10 top-up). At £85, the Smart N8 offers good value for money, but is let down by its processor.. Vodafone Smart N8 review: Tl;dr Vodafone Smart N8 review: Price and competition Vodafone Smart N8 review: Design and build quality Vodafone Smart N8 review: Display Vodafone Smart N8 review: Software Vodafone Smart N8 review: Performance Vodafone Smart N8 review: Camera ^Vodafone Smart N8: Road shot in Standard mode (dark tones by the trees, invisible skyline, lost detail by the buildings). ^Vodafone Smart N8: Road shot in HDR mode (sky is differentiated, building details can be seen, and better colour accuracy throughout the image). ^Vodafone Smart N8: Low-light shot in standard mode with a crop (background text has a little smearing, teddy bear lacks detail, and dark tones behind the silver mug). ^Vodafone Smart N8: Low-light shot with flash with a crop (colours are accurate, small smearing around pens, not overzealous flash tone). The Vodafone Smart N8, the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 successor we’ve all been waiting for, is finally here. Last year’s budget superhero cost £75, and delivered a top-quality screen in a slim, attractive chassis; it was one of the best sub-£100 smartphones we've ever seen at Expert Reviews.. It’s still a pretty good buy but it now has a successor: the Vodafone Smart N8, which comes with a host of new specs. There’s a different processor, Android 7 Nougat out of the box, a fingerprint reader, and an improved camera. But do these new features result in a better 5in phone?. READ NEXT: Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review – a £75 bargain. In a few ways, the Smart N8 is indeed better than the Prime 7, but it falls short in two key areas: performance and battery life. The phone has four hours shorter battery life and feels sluggish; it simply cannot keep up with heavy multitasking.. Once you factor in the £85 price tag and compare it to the Prime 7’s now £59 price tag, it’s the Smart N8’s improved camera and fingerprint reader that make up for lost ground. The Smart N8’s fingerprint reader makes it more convenient to use and its camera produces better-quality image than rival phones in its price bracket.. The Vodafone Smart N8 costs £85 , not including the compulsory £10 Pay As You Go voucher that you’ll also need to purchase from the Vodafone store. Its rivals are the year-old Vodafone Prime 7, now available for £59 , the newer Alcatel Pop 4 for £75 and the Alcatel Pixi 4 (5) at £50 .. READ NEXT: Best budget phones to buy in 2017 .. Despite being cheap, the Smart N8 is a nicely made smartphone, from its textured rear cover to its beautifully crafted edges, this is a budget phone that both looks and feels far more expensive than its price tag might lead you to believe. However, with a thickness of 8.6mm and weight of 151g, it's both thicker and heavier than the Prime 7 (8mm and 128g).. Best budget smartphone 2018: The TOP cheap phones to buy in 2018. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: The best budget phone under £50. At the front of the phone, there’s a front-facing 5-megapixel camera, an unusual front-facing flash, and a single forward-firing speaker, which sounds surprisingly good. You’ll find a textured power button and volume rocker on the right, a 3.5mm headphone jack at the top and a micro-USB port for charging and data transfer at the bottom of the phone.. Turn the phone over and you’ll find its headline feature: the circular fingerprint reader. This is a fantastic inclusion for a sub-£100 smartphone (I don’t know of any other phone this cheap that has one), and it adds a quick, more secure way of unlocking your phone.. Pop off the removable rear plastic cover and you’ll see a single SIM card slot and a microSD card expansion slot that will accept cards up to 32GB in capacity – great for expanding its 16GB internal storage. The phone also houses a 2,400mAh battery, a step down from the 2,540mAh battery found in the Smart Prime 7, which is disappointingly non-removable.. READ NEXT: Alcatel Pixi 4 (5) review: How good can a £59 smartphone be?. The Smart N8’s 5in HD (720 x 1,280) IPS display is relatively bright at 374cd/m2, but it isn’t in the top echelon of phone screens, and you might have trouble viewing it in really bright, sunlit conditions.. I found the phone’s display rather dull, too, with colours lacking vibrance, saturation and accuracy. And, despite its 1,560:1 contrast ratio, the screen suffers from a blue tinge, which is particularly noticeable when you’re browsing websites with a white background.. Perhaps more seriously, however, due to a lack of oleophobic coating, the screen does suffer pick up fingerprints more easily than most, and the screen feels unpleasantly grippy, too, making swipe gestures a little more difficult to carry out than normal.. As mentioned above, the Smart N8 runs Android 7 Nougat – Google’s latest operating system – out of the box, so you’ll get to experience Android as Google intended, with no overlay skin or annoying launchers. Something of a rarity for an operator’s phone.. You will also find quite a few preinstalled apps installed on the Smart N8, but thankfully most of these can be uninstalled, including Vodafone’s own-branded apps. Facebook and Instagram are also preinstalled and can be removed.. The Smart N8 is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6737 processor with 1.5GB of RAM. Compared with its rivals from Alcatel phones, the Smart N8 looks better on paper. However, in real-world use it feels about the same: it’s sluggish, randomly hangs and cannot deal with heavy multitasking. This is to be expected from a budget smartphone, but I’d have hoped for a slightly better experience than the cheaper Alcatels.. I also experienced boot loops and random reboots after only a day of usage, which is worrying given the phone is brand new. Of course, this could just be a defective unit, so I’ll give Vodafone the benefit of the doubt here. I’ve have asked Vodafone to comment and will be sure to update this review once I get to the bottom of it.. The N8’s Mali-T720MP2 graphics chip isn’t anything to get excited about, either. Running the strenuous GFXBench Manhattan 3 benchmark, the Smart N8 was unable to produce anything like a smooth frame rate. So although you’ll be able to play casual games such as Candy Crush and Pokemon Go, don’t expect to have much fun playing Asphalt 8.. ^Vodafone Smart N8: GFXBench Manhattan 3.0. In our video playback test, the N8 lasted a mere 8hrs 44mins, and that means the phone will struggle to last a full day on a. By comparison, the Alcatel Pop 4 achieved 9hrs 32mins in the same test, while the Smart N8’s predecessor – the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 – achieved a much more impressive 12hrs 55mins.. READ NEXT: Alcatel Pop 4 review: Promises much but fails to deliver. One of the big improvements for the Smart N8 is the rear camera with a boost in resolution from 8 megapixels to 13 megapixels. Performance, especially in HDR mode, is impressive for a sub-£100 smartphone. I found colour reproduction to be largely accurate and the photographs I captured with the phone were bursting with detail.. The selection of camera modes on offer is even more impressive. Alongside the regular camera and video modes, there are 360 panorama, time-lapse and “micro-video” modes. Micro-video mode allows you to create a short video, which can be easily and quickly shared on social media. There’s also a manual camera mode that provides aperture, shutter, ISO, white balance and focus controls. A real treat in a budget phone.. A huge area of improvement over the Prime 7 is its low-light performance. With HDR mode enabled, the Smart N8 performs better, by providing less image noise, more detail and a better colour reproduction. However, you'll want to ensure that you’ve got a rock-steady hand when shooting in HDR, as the slightest movement can cause blurring.. Even with the flash enabled, the N8’s camera produces usable photos, with decent colours and only a slight blueish tone to images.. Vodafone hasn’t altered its front-facing camera but has added flash, which is another fantastic inclusion. With only a 5-megapixel sensor, though, don’t expect a great deal of detail.. READ NEXT: Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 review – return of the Moto G killer?. The Vodafone Smart N8 is an improvement over last year’s Prime 7, mainly in its camera performance and the inclusion of a fingerprint reader. Is that enough to justify the price tag? Answer: it depends on what you’re looking for.. If it’s flagship-style features and a decent camera you want, at £85 this smartphone is a steal; there are no other phones I’ve come across that offer all the features the Smart N8 brings to the table for this sort of money. However, its poor battery life and sluggish performance do let it down.. Best phone battery life 2018: The BEST smartphones ranked. The best phone cameras in 2018. Need a phone upgrade? Find out the best upcoming phones. OnePlus 6 could get facial recognition. Samsung Galaxy Note 9: Launching in August?. Google Pixel 3: Release date, rumours and news. The best Android phones money can buy. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. LG G7: Is LG's next flagship really delayed?. Samsung Exynos 9810: The power behind the Samsung Galaxy S9. Find out the best budget smartphones you can buy. Huawei P Smart: An 18:9 budget phone. Lenovo P2 review: The best smartphone battery life, period. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Honor 9 Lite review: An 18:9 budget marvel. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X: The king of budget smartphones?. Samsung Galaxy A5 review: A worthy Galaxy S8 stand-in. Honor 9 review: Better than the OnePlus 5T?. Sony Xperia XZ2: Sony’s latest flagship launched at MWC. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Size doesn’t matter. Samsung Exynos 9810: The power behind the Samsung Galaxy S9. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus: A dual-camera delight. Best Wi-Fi extenders: Better coverage, faster downloads. IT Pro Alphr Know Your Mobile Channel Pro Cloud Pro. About us Company website Contact us Privacy notice Affiliate policy Manage my mags. © Dennis, a trading name of Dennis Publishing Ltd, registered in England & Wales no. Registered address: 31-32 Alfred Place, London, WC1E 7DP. Dennis is run for the benefit of the Heart of England Forest , a registered charity dedicated to planting tomorrow’s great native woodland one tree at a time.. 
Log in |. Help |. Contact us |. All iPhone 8 Plus Accessories. All iPhone 7 Plus Accessories. All iPhone 6S Plus Accessories. All Galaxy Note 8 Accessories. All Galaxy S8 Plus Accessories. All Galaxy S7 Edge Accessories. All Galaxy A5 2017 Accessories. All Galaxy A7 2017 Accessories. All HTC U Ultra Accessories. View all HTC One M9 Accessories. View all HTC One M8 Accessories. View all HTC One M7 Accessories. See accessories for all HTC devices. All Google Pixel 2 Accessories. Google Pixel 2 XL Car Chargers. Google Pixel 2 XL Screen Protectors. All Google Pixel 2 XL Accessories. All Google Pixel Accessories. All Google Pixel XL Accessories. All LG G6 Accessories. All LG V20 Accessories. All LG G5 Accessories. All LG G4 Accessories. All LG V10 Accessories. All LG Stylo 2 Accessories. LG Stylo 2 Plus Car Chargers. LG Stylo 2 Plus Screen Protectors. All LG Stylo 2 Plus Accessories. All Xperia XZ1 Compact Accessories. All Xperia XZ Premium Accessories. All Xperia XA1 Ultra Accessories. All Xperia Z5 Premium Accessories. All Moto G5 Plus Accessories. All Moto G4 Plus Accessories. All Moto G4 Play Accessories. All iPad Pro 10.5 Accessories. All iPad Pro 9.7 Accessories. All iPad Pro 12.9 Accessories. All iPad Mini 4 Accessories. MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar Accessories. MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar Cases. MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar Covers. MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar Stands. MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar Screen Protectors. MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar Speakers. All MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar Accessories. MacBook Pro 15 with Touch Bar Accessories. MacBook Pro 15 with Touch Bar Cases. MacBook Pro 15 with Touch Bar Covers. MacBook Pro 15 with Touch Bar Stands. MacBook Pro 15 with Touch Bar Screen Protectors. MacBook Pro 15 with Touch Bar Speakers. All MacBook Pro 15 with Touch Bar Accessories. All MacBook 12 Inch Accessories. All MacBook Pro 13 Accessories. All MacBook Pro 15 Accessories. All MacBook Air 13 Accessories. MacBook Pro Retina 13 Desk Stands. MacBook Pro Retina 13 Screen Protectors. MacBook Pro Retina 13 Bluetooth Headsets. All MacBook Pro Retina 13 Accessories. MacBook Pro Retina 15 Desk Stands. All MacBook Pro Retina 15 Accessories. All Huawei P10 Plus Accessories. All Nintendo Switch Accessories /li>. Visit our SG site - www.mobilefun.sg for. Vodafone Smart N8 Cases (8). Olixar Rotating 5.5 Inch Leather-Style Universal Phone Case - Black. Olixar Rotating 5.5 Inch Leather-Style Universal Phone Case - Red. Olixar Universal Armband for Large-Sized Smartphones - Black. Encase Rotating 5.5 Inch Leather-Style Universal Phone Case - Brown. Floveme Universal Sports Armband for Smartphones up to 5.5" - Black. DiCAPac Universal Waterproof Case for Smartphones up to 5.7" - Blue. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Cases. Vodafone Smart N8 Chargers (74). Olixar Vodafone Smart N8 Power, Data & Sync Cable - Micro USB. Olixar High Power Vodafone Smart N8 Car Charger. Olixar Dual USB Super Fast Car Charger - 3.1A. Olixar Universal Power, Data & Sync Cable - Micro USB. Olixar Super Fast Micro USB Car Charger with USB Port - 4.8A - Black. Olixar Alpha Universal Premium Metal Smartphone & Tablet Stand. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Chargers. Vodafone Smart N8 Car Holders (58). Olixar OmniHolder Universal Case Compatible In-Car Mount. Olixar Universal Smartphone Windscreen In-Car Holder. Replacement Magnetic Plates for Magnetic Car Holders. Olixar Dock & Go Car Holder. Olixar Tree Frog Ultra-Grip Dashboard Pad. Olixar CD Slot Mount Universal Case Compatible Car Holder. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Car Holders. Vodafone Smart N8 Screen Protectors (2). Olixar 10-in-1 Universal Smartphone and Tablet Screen Protector Pack. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Screen Protectors. Vodafone Smart N8 Desktop Chargers (11). Olixar Desk Genie Non-Slip Charging Desk Stand. Olixar Alpha Universal Premium Metal Smartphone & Tablet Stand. Olixar Aspect Premium Universal Metal Smartphone & Tablet Stand. Satechi 7-Port Universal USB Charging Station & Dock - Black. Kidigi Omni Universal Smartphone Desktop Charging Dock - Micro USB. Satechi 5-Port Universal USB Charging Station & Dock - Black. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Desktop Chargers. Vodafone Smart N8 Memory Cards (16). Samsung EVO Plus 128GB MicroSDXC Card - Class 10. Samsung 64GB MicroSDXC EVO Plus Memory Card w/ SD Adapter - Class 10. SanDisk 32GB MicroSDHC High Endurance Memory Card With Adapter. SanDisk Extreme Micro SDXC Card with SD Adapter - 64GB. Kingston Digital Class 10 Micro SD Card with Adapter - 16GB. SanDisk 200GB Micro SDXC Memory Card. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Memory Cards. Vodafone Smart N8 FM Transmitters (5). Forever Car FM Transmitter, Wireless Bluetooth with 2.1A Car Charger. KitSound MyFM2 Wireless FM Transmitter & Hands-Free Car Kit. Scosche BTFreq Wireless FM Transmitter & Hands Free Car Kit. Promate carMate-6 Wireless FM Transmitter Hands-Free Car Kit. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 FM Transmitters. Vodafone Smart N8 Cables (32). Olixar Vodafone Smart N8 Power, Data & Sync Cable - Micro USB. Olixar 3-in-1 USB-C, Lightning & Micro USB Braided Tough Cable. Olixar Universal Power, Data & Sync Cable - Micro USB. 3.5mm to 3.5mm Aux Audio Cable. Olixar 3-in-1 Charging Cable (Apple 30-pin, Lightning, Micro USB) - 1m. STK Short Micro USB Magnetic Charge and Sync Cable - Grey. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Cables. Vodafone Smart N8 Speakers (25). Olixar AquaFonik Bluetooth Shower Speaker - Blue. 3.5mm to 3.5mm Aux Audio Cable. Sonic Boom Portable Vibration Speaker - Purple. Olixar ToughBeats Outdoor Wireless Bluetooth Speaker. Veho M6 360Â° Mode Retro Bluetooth Speaker. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Speakers. Vodafone Smart N8 Docks (9). Olixar Alpha Universal Premium Metal Smartphone & Tablet Stand. Olixar Aspect Premium Universal Metal Smartphone & Tablet Stand. Satechi 7-Port Universal USB Charging Station & Dock - Black. Kidigi Omni Universal Smartphone Desktop Charging Dock - Micro USB. Belkin PowerHouse Universal Micro USB Sync & Charge Dock XL. Satechi 5-Port Universal USB Charging Station & Dock - Black. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Docks. Vodafone Smart N8 Keyboards (2). Desire2 2-in-1 Universal Wireless Keyboard & Touchpad Mouse - Black. Kanex MultiSync Universal Foldable Bluetooth Mini Travel Keyboard. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Keyboards. Vodafone Smart N8 Novelty Fun (54). Olixar Premium HD Camera Lens Kit. RFID Blocking Credit Card Data Theft Protection Sleeve. Olixar Universal 8X Smartphone Camera Zoom. Olixar Head Up Display (HUD) In-Car Mount Navigation System. Olixar Anti-Hack Webcam Cover for Smartphones, Laptops and Tablets. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Novelty Fun. Vodafone Smart N8 Mains Chargers (6). Olixar Ultimate Mains 3A Universal Fast Charger & Travel Adapters. Veho TA-1 Universal 4-Port USB World Travel Mains Charger 3.5A - Black. Olixar Travel Adapter with 4 USB ports 4.8A. Kensington 4.2A Dual USB Travel Mains Charger. PhoneSoap 2.0 UV Phone Sanitiser & Charger - White. Belkin Family Rockstar 4-Port USB Charger - White. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Mains Chargers. Vodafone Smart N8 Car Chargers (34). Olixar High Power Vodafone Smart N8 Car Charger. Olixar Dual USB Super Fast Car Charger - 3.1A. Olixar Universal Power, Data & Sync Cable - Micro USB. Olixar Super Fast Micro USB Car Charger with USB Port - 4.8A - Black. Olixar Triple USB Super Fast Car Charger - 5.2 Amp. 4smarts High Power 4 Port USB Family Car Charger. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Car Chargers. Vodafone Smart N8 Bluetooth Car Kits (16). Clip & Talk Multipoint Bluetooth Hands-free Car Kit. SuperTooth Buddy Bluetooth v2.1 Hands-free Visor Car Kit. KitSound MyJack 2 3.5mm Aux Bluetooth Adapter. Bitmore Audio Buddy Wireless Bluetooth 3.5mm Headphone Adapter. Griffin iTrip Clip Bluetooth Headphone Adapter. Buddy Hands-free Bluetooth Visor Kit And In Car Holder - White. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Bluetooth Car Kits. Vodafone Smart N8 Bluetooth Headsets (33). Plug 'N' Go Wireless Bluetooth Earphones with Mic - White / Silver. Official Motorola HK255 Bluetooth Hands Free Headset. Groov-e Bullet Buds Metal Wireless Earphones with Mic -Silver. Groov-e Bullet Buds Metal Wireless Earphones with Mic - Gold. Samsung U Flex Bluetooth Sports Headphones - Black. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Bluetooth Headsets. Vodafone Smart N8 Cleaning (2). Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Cleaning. Vodafone Smart N8 Headphones and Earphones (59). Plug 'N' Go Wireless Bluetooth Earphones with Mic - White / Silver. Official Samsung In-Ear Stereo Headset with Mic and Controls - White. Official Motorola HK255 Bluetooth Hands Free Headset. Groov-e Bullet Buds Metal Wireless Earphones with Mic -Silver. Groov-e Bullet Buds Metal Wireless Earphones with Mic - Gold. GoGear Tunes Noise-Isolating Earphones with Mic. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Headphones and Earphones. Vodafone Smart N8 Mobile Memory (3). Leef Access MicroSD Reader for Android - White. Leef Bridge 3.0 Micro USB Mobile Storage Drive 32GB - Black. Leef Bridge 3.0 Micro USB Mobile Storage Drive 16GB - Black. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Mobile Memory. Olixar Premium HD Camera Lens Kit. Olixar Universal 8X Smartphone Camera Zoom. Olixar Anti-Hack Webcam Cover for Smartphones, Laptops and Tablets. Olixar Pocketsize Selfie Stick with Mirror - Black. Olixar 3-in-1 Universal Clip Camera Lens Kit. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Photography. KSIX Universal Micro USB Qi Wireless Charging Receiver. aircharge Micro USB Wireless Charging Receiver. aircharge MFi Lightning & Micro USB Wireless Charging Adapter - Silver. aircharge MFi Lightning & Micro USB Wireless Charging Adapter - Black. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Power Banks. Vodafone Smart N8 Smartwatches (1). Snore Stopper Biotechnology Wristband Sleeping Aid. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Smartwatches. Vodafone Smart N8 Sports and Fitness (7). Floveme Universal Sports Armband for Smartphones up to 5.5" - Black. igotU QBand HR Universal Smart Fitness Band and Heart Rate Monitor. UPRIGHT Posture Trainer for iOS and Android Smartphones - White. Replacement Band for Mi Band Fitness Monitor - Blue. Snore Stopper Biotechnology Wristband Sleeping Aid. OverBoard Waterproof Phone Case - Black. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Sports and Fitness. Vodafone Smart N8 Stands (43). Olixar Micro-Suction Smartphone Desk Stand - Black. Olixar LongArm Premium Universal Tablet and Smartphone Clamp Holder. Olixar Desk Genie Non-Slip Charging Desk Stand. Olixar Vista Universal Stand for Smartphones & Tablets. Olixar Alpha Universal Premium Metal Smartphone & Tablet Stand. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Stands. Vodafone Smart N8 Stylus (19). Olixar All-in-One Stylus, Stand and Microfibre Cleaner. Triple Pack Olixar HexStyli 6-in-1 Pen Refills - Black. Olixar HexStyli 6-in-1 Stylus Pen - Silver. Olixar HexStyli Stylus Tip Replacement Pack - Pack of 5. Prestigio Duo Universal 2-in-1 Stylus Pen - Black. Adonit Mini 3 Precision Stylus - Black. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Stylus. Vodafone Smart N8 Travel (65). Olixar Premium HD Camera Lens Kit. RFID Blocking Credit Card Data Theft Protection Sleeve. Olixar Universal 8X Smartphone Camera Zoom. Olixar Anti-Hack Webcam Cover for Smartphones, Laptops and Tablets. Olixar Ultimate Mains 3A Universal Fast Charger & Travel Adapters. Show More Vodafone Smart N8 Travel. Vodafone 231 Accessories , Vodafone 340 Accessories , Vodafone 345 Accessories , Vodafone 351 Accessories , Vodafone 360 H1 Accessories , Vodafone 360 M1 Accessories , Vodafone 455 Accessories , Vodafone 533 Accessories , Vodafone 540 Accessories , Vodafone 543 Accessories , Vodafone 547 Accessories , Vodafone 550 Accessories , Vodafone 553 Accessories , Vodafone 625 Accessories , Vodafone 725 Accessories , Vodafone 845 Accessories , Vodafone 945 Accessories , Vodafone Data Card Accessories , Vodafone E172 Accessories , Vodafone E220 Accessories , Vodafone E270 Accessories , Vodafone E620 Accessories , Vodafone E800 Accessories , Vodafone Express Card Accessories , Vodafone M1 Accessories , Vodafone Smart 4 Mini Accessories , Vodafone Smart 4 Turbo Accessories , Vodafone Smart 4G Accessories , Vodafone Smart 858 Accessories , Vodafone Smart E8 Accessories , Vodafone Smart first 6 Accessories , Vodafone Smart First 7 Accessories , Vodafone Smart Mini Accessories , Vodafone Smart Mini 7 Accessories , Vodafone Smart N8 Accessories , Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Accessories , Vodafone Smart prime 6 Accessories , Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Accessories , Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Accessories , Vodafone Smart Tab II 10 Accessories , Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Accessories , Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 Accessories , Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 Accessories , Vodafone Smart V8 Accessories , Vodafone Tab prime 6 Accessories , Vodafone Touch 541 Accessories , Vodafone U630 Accessories , Vodafone USB Stick - K3520 Accessories , Vodafone USB Stick Lite - K3760 Accessories , Vodafone v1415 Accessories , Vodafone v1605 Accessories , Vodafone v1615 Accessories , Vodafone v1640 Accessories , Vodafone V226 Accessories , Vodafone V526 Accessories , Vodafone V527 Accessories , Vodafone VF810 Accessories , Vodafone VF830 Accessories , Vodafone VPA Compact Accessories , Vodafone VS1 Accessories , Vodafone VS2 Accessories , Vodafone VS3 Accessories , Vodafone VS4 Accessories , Vodafone X950D Accessories. 
Do you want to sign in to My Vodafone?. If you don’t know your device’s software version, you can check it by selecting Settings > General > About.. Turn your phone on and off. Activate Google account on your phone. I can't turn on my phone. 144.5 x 71.9 x 8.6 mm. Copyright © 2017 Vodafone New Zealand Ltd. 
Handy guides for your phone, tablet or modem. Vodafone Smart N8 in Graphite on Pay As You Go | Vodafone Ireland. on Vodafone Pay As You Go. Switch your number to Vodafone and get €40 off this phone!. Stylish and convenient 5-inch HD IPS 293 ppi Display 13 MP AF Camera w/flash Android Nougat 7.0. Now you can have it all.. Fast fingerprint sensor provides security for online transactions and allows for fast access to your favourite apps, camera, contacts and social media.. The Vodafone Smart N8 is your best companion on the go. This design award winning device offers quick and secure access, an enhanced camera and plenty of storage to capture your best moments.. 5MP selfie camera makes your selfies and video calls come to life with improved detail and colour.. Built-in Parental controls to restrict or limit features on a child's phone. You can control internet access, time spent on the internet, restrict games, apps and. Up to the minute Android Nougat 7.0 with built-in encryption for the latest and best user experience.. Features 5.0-inch HD IPS screen for a brilliant viewing experience.. Apple iPhone 5S 16GB (Like New). Apple iPhone 6 16GB (Like New). Now you can have it all.. Fast fingerprint sensor provides security for online transactions and allows for fast access to your favourite apps, camera, contacts and social media.. The Vodafone Smart N8 is your best companion on the go. This design award winning device offers quick and secure access, an enhanced camera and plenty of storage to capture your best moments.. 5MP selfie camera makes your selfies and video calls come to life with improved detail and colour.. Built-in Parental controls to restrict or limit features on a child's phone. You can control internet access, time spent on the internet, restrict games, apps and. Up to the minute Android Nougat 7.0 with built-in encryption for the latest and best user experience.. Features 5.0-inch HD IPS screen for a brilliant viewing experience.. Terms & conditions © 2018 Vodafone Limited. © 2018 Vodafone Ireland Limited, Mountainview, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. By using vodafone.ie, you're consenting to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy .. 
Apply Now FAQs Store finder On Finance Existing customers Contact Us Login. Home Home Entertainment Home Furniture Appliances Computing Mobiles Clearance How rent to own works Apply Now ) FAQs ) Store finder ) On Finance ) Existing customers ) Contact Us ). TVs Gaming DVD/Blu Ray Players Cameras Music Systems Headphones TV Stands. Occasional Tables Sofas Dining Tables Dining Chairs Beds Mattresses Dressing Tables Wardrobes Side Drawers. Washers and Dryers Refrigeration Electric Cookers Dishwashers Microwaves Vacuums Small Appliances. Tablets Laptops Monitors Printers. Apple Samsung Sony Alcatel Vodafone Smart Watches SIM only deals. Home Entertainment Furniture Computing Mobiles Appliances. Stores open Mon to Sat 9am - 5.30pm. Search Search product or brand:. BrightHouse | Buy Products on Finance - Buy Now/Pay Later Products Mobiles Vodafone Vodafone Smart N8 - Gold. Sorry, you're not eligible to buy this product. Here are some alternative products you can get..... Product Price Including Delivery & Installation. Annual Fixed Interest Rate / Representative APR ++. Product Price Including Delivery & Installation. Annual fixed interest Rate/ Representative APR. Vodafone Smart N8 - Gold Apply Now Product Price: £3.75 per week 99.9) £30 Airtime on Vodafone Sim Included. Product Price Including Delivery & Installation. Annual Fixed Interest Rate / Representative APR ++. Product Price Including Delivery & Installation. Annual fixed interest Rate/ Representative APR. Online we can only offer the lowest weekly payment. If you would like to take an alternative term, please visit your local store. The interest rate offered will be fixed for the length of the agreement and will depend on your financial status, product purchased and the length of the agreement. Late payment charges may apply if you miss your payment. Check with your local store for availability. † Sorry, product is not available.. BrightCare Select an option. BrightCare* £0.75 Key details. BrightCare will give you peace of mind. If anything goes wrong with your product we'll either fix it or replace it.. What’s BrightCare? Unlimited Repairs FastFix Domestic appliances and TVs. - We’ll visit you at home in the next two working days ** Furniture. - We’ll visit you at home in the next five working days ** Technology. - Drop your product off in-store and pick it up in the next five working days ** New for Old If it can’t be fixed within 10 working days of our first visit (40 working days for furniture) If it’s not worth the money to repair it No extra charge Here’s how it works Repair: what’s not included? Money spent because you can’t use your product – like laundry charges Batteries, bulbs, batteries, vacuum bags and other consumables Accidental damage, fire or theft Scratches, dents and other cosmetic damage Protection against ‘mishap’ And if we can’t fix it? Replacement: what’s not included? You haven’t been using the product correctly There’s cosmetic damage, like scratches or dents, but it’s still usable There’s accidental or intentional damage to the product It’s simple to cancel BrightCare Or choose independent cover Without BrightCare Got a question?. BrightCare’s an optional service package providing peace of mind. You won’t pay a penny if your product breaks down.. There’s no limit to the number of repairs you can request if a product develops a fault. You won’t pay any extra for parts, labour or call-out charges.. We want to get you going again as soon as we can, so we aim to fix your product fast:. ** For Highlands & Islands, 3 working days for Domestic Appliances and TVs, 5 working days for furniture and 7 working days in store drop and collect for Tech products.. We aim to repair your product inside the FastFix target time, but we can’t always guarantee that we can.. Sometimes, we won’t be able to mend it straight away. We’ll either take it away to fix your product in our workshops or arrange a time to come back with spare parts.. We’ll replace your faulty product with a brand new one or like-for-like refreshed product:. If it turns out there’s no fault, don’t worry – you won’t be charged.. If something goes wrong with a big product, such as washing machine or sofa, just give us a call and one of our engineers will drop by and fix it at a time to suit you. If you’re having trouble with a smaller item – like a phone or laptop – just pop into your BrightHouse store.. We’ll book our engineers visit at a time to suit you, but if that’s later than our target fix date or you’re not in when we call, we can’t guarantee to meet our target.. Working days are Monday – Friday, when your BrightHouse store is open.. There are a few things not covered by BrightCare’s repair and replacement protection, including:. If we can’t repair your product, we’ll replace it with a brand new one – or a refreshed one if your original item was refreshed.. If we can’t match your product, we’ll provide the closest we can from a similar range. For refreshed replacements, your product will be equivalent to or better than the original.. We can’t give you a replacement product if:. We’re confident you’ll enjoy the benefits of BrightCare. But you can cancel it at any time. We’ll refund your BrightCare payments if you cancel within 14 days of signing your contract.. Your statutory rights won’t be affected when you get BrightCare. You can still claim a refund, repair or replacement for up to six years if your goods weren’t of satisfactory quality or fit for purpose when they were sold to you.. But after the first six months, you’ll need to provide proof that the goods were of unsatisfactory quality when they were delivered.. If you don’t want to use our own BrightHouse engineers, you can choose your own independent service package. Just go online to compare suppliers.. Ask your store for details as some products have different standard warranty duration.. Get in touch if you have a question or need a repair. Just contact your store or call our customer care line on 0800 526 069.. Yes, add Bright Care to this item No thanks. Insurance cover per week Select an option. Insurance cover per week* £0.78 Key details. Insurance for fire, theft and accidental damage is required for the duration of the agreement. If you do not have an appropriate insurance policy, Product Insurance Cover is available. For more information on Product Insurance Cover insurance click on 'key features' below.. BrightHouse Product Insurance Cover from Caversham Insurance (Malta) Limited Statement of Demands and Needs Key Features Insurer Type of Insurance Significant features and benefits No policy excess Provides cover for theft, provided a valid police report is produced (Crime Reference Number) Provides cover for any loss arising from the theft of your hire purchase goods or damage to them caused by fire or accident Portable electronic equipment hire purchase goods are covered when temporarily removed from your premises - provided the goods remain in England, Scotland or Wales Significant or unusual limitations or exclusions Significant Limitations Policy Condition With the exception of portable electronic equipment (see above), cover applies only where the hire purchase goods are: Kept in your premises (i.e. the premises at which they are installed in accordance with the hire purchase agreement); Or In transit and in your custody between a BrightHouse store and your premises and in the locked boot of your vehicle. B Significant Exclusions Policy Condition With the exception of portable electronic equipment (see above), cover applies only where the hire purchase goods are: Normal wear and tear or gradual deterioration; Any process of renovation or repair; Climatic conditions, storms, flood, civil commotion or war; Dismantling in whole or part, or any repair attempted by any person other than a Technician Commercial use; Wilful acts or neglect or misuse; -Using the product outside of the manufacturer's specifications and design. F(1) The insurance will not cover a Failure or the cost of routine maintenance. F(2) The insurance will not cover any theft of hire purchase goods from your premises unless there is evidence of forcible or violent entry to your premises. F(3) The insurance will not cover damage to compact discs, DVDs and any device which stores data electronically. F(4) Except for portable electronic equipment (see above), the insurance will not cover the hire purchase goods at any time when they are located within a temporary building, site, hut, tent, boat (including a narrow boat), caravan (whether mobile or fixed site) or mobile home. F(6) Duration Your hire purchase agreement ending; Or You or us cancelling the policy. We can end the Policy by giving you 30 days' prior written notice; Or You can end it by writing to or telephoning your designated store or BrightHouse’s Customer Relations Department on 0800 526 069. Cost The Policy is provided at the weekly premium specified in the Policy and your hire purchase agreement. This is payable to BrightHouse as our agent, alongside your hire purchase payments. Cancellation Rights You have the right to cancel the Policy without giving any reason and have 14 days from the date you sign the Policy in which to exercise this right. There is no charge for doing so and if you decide to cancel the Policy within the 14 day period any premiums you have paid during that time will be refunded in full provided you have not made any claims during that period. Your Policy Terms and Conditions explain how to exercise your right to cancel. They also explain that you are required to keep your hire purchase goods insured at all times during the term of your hire purchase agreement against loss or damage caused by fire, theft or accident and so, if you cancel and intend to continue your hire purchase agreement, you will need to arrange alternative insurance. How to make a claim and how a claim is settled If you need to make a claim, you should contact the BrightHouse store at which your hire purchase agreement is administered. Clause 12(a) of your hire purchase agreement sets out details about claims. If some other kind of damage has occurred to the hire purchase goods then we will arrange for the services of an approved Technician to repair the damage. How to make a complaint If you wish to make a complaint, you can contact a BrightHouse store or telephone the BrightHouse Customer Relations Department on 0800 526 069. Following the complaints procedure does not affect your legal rights. Compensation scheme We are covered by the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS). If we are unable to meet our obligations, you may be entitled to compensation – if so, 90% of your claim would be met by the Scheme. Further information is available from the FSCS at www.fscs.org. Your hire purchase agreement with BrightHouse requires you to keep your goods insured at all times against loss or damage caused by fire, theft or accident.. You may already have such cover under a household contents or other insurance policy or be considering buying one elsewhere. As an alternative for those who don't already have such cover, Product Insurance Cover has been designed to be appropriate for any customer who enters into an agreement with BrightHouse and who needs cover against loss arising from the theft of those goods or any loss or damage to them caused by fire or accident.. Product Insurance Cover will not be appropriate for anyone who requires cover for any goods other than those provided by BrightHouse under its hire purchase agreement with you.. The insurance is provided by us, Caversham Insurance (Malta) Limited. We operate in the UK through (and are a wholly-owned subsidiary of) Caversham Finance Limited, trading as BrightHouse , who are also the provider of your hire purchase goods. Caversham Finance Limited’ address is 5 Hercules Way, Leavesden Park, Watford, WD25 7GS. Our head office is at Development House, St Anne Street, Floriana FRN 9010 Malta.. Caversham Insurance (Malta) Limited is authorised by the Malta Financial Services Authority and subject to limited regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. Details about the extent of our regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority are available from us on request.. Clause 9(a) of the hire purchase agreement with BrightHouse contains an obligation to keep the relevant goods insured at all times against loss or damage caused by fire, theft or accident. You may have, or be thinking of buying, a household contents or other policy that will do this. As an alternative, the Policy is available and provides cover for loss arising from the theft of your hire purchase goods or any loss or damage to them caused by fire or accident. It does not provide cover for anything other than hire purchase goods provided by BrightHouse.. The Policy provides the following features and benefits:. The Policy only covers loss or damage caused by accident, fire and theft; it does not cover goods which are lost for any other reason i.e. goods which have been misplaced and can no longer be located.. Your Policy will be in place whilst you continue to pay the required premium - renewing each week - until the earlier of:. The Policy will lapse and will cease to provide any cover if you do not pay the required premium (see below).. You also have the right to cancel the Policy at any other time by giving oral or written notice; again, there is no charge for doing so and no refund will be given.. You should note that if the hire purchase goods have been stolen or have been damaged beyond economic repair, we shall make a payment equal to the amount of loss suffered by BrightHouse direct to BrightHouse, not to you. BrightHouse will then use that money towards replacing the goods with goods of an equivalent age and general (or better) specification. These replacement goods will then be provided to you and your hire purchase agreement will continue as normal.. If you remain dissatisfied with our response, you may be able to refer your complaint to the Financial Ombudsman Service - the address and contact details for which are provided in clause I(2) of the Policy.. Yes, add insurance to this item No thanks. Please enter the details of the insurance you have that will cover this item.. BrightCare per week BrightCare will give you peace of mind. If anything goes wrong with your product we'll either fix it or replace it. For more information click here. It is a condition of the hire purchase agreement that your product must be insured against loss cause by accidental damage, fire and theft. Insurance for fire, theft and accidental damage is required for the duration of the agreement. If you do not have an appropriate insurance policy, Product Insurance is available. For more information on insurance click here.. Remembering passwords is a thing of the past with the new Vodafone Smart N8. Thanks to the rapid fingerprint sensor, you get immediate access to your contacts, apps and social media platforms. What's more, it gives your phone that extra bit of security. Like taking selfies? Then you'll love the Smart N8. The large-pixel 5MP front-facing camera captures more light in low-lit areas, giving you great shots time after time. For sharper detail, the 13MP rear-facing camera lets you take images in vivid HD Powered to make life simple. Thanks to the in-built Android Nougat (7.1) Operating System, updating or managing your apps and features is quick and easy. In fact, it's so smart you'll also enjoy greater battery life – that's on top of the N8's 465 hours stand-by time.. Benefits 5” HD IPS Screen Quad Core Processor Fingerprint sensor 13 MP front camera 5 MP selfie camera 16GB Internal Memory Google Android 7.1 Nougat operating system Up to 465 Stand-by hours Built-in parental controls. Overview Operating System Android Nougat 7.1 Processor - Make & Model Mediatek MT6737, Quadcore 1.25GHz Camera 13MP Rear Facing, 5MP Front Facing Instant Messaging Yes Internal Memory 16GB Internet Browser Yes Media Player Yes MP3 Player Yes Navigation Yes Push Email Yes Storage Capacity MicroSD up to 32GB Vibration Alert Yes Video Recorder Yes. Communication 3G Yes 4G Yes Bluetooth Yes GPS Yes NFC Yes WiFi Yes. Screen & Vision Screen Size 5" Screen Format / Aspect Ratio 66.3% screen-to-body ratio Screen Technology IPS LCD Capacitive Touchscreen Yes. Audio Built in Speakers Yes. Key Features Apps Yes Photo / Video Editing Yes Finger Scanner Yes. Inputs & Outputs USB Port Yes. Power & Energy Standby Time (up to) 465 hours Talk Time (up to) 11 hours. General Information Brand Vodafone Colour Gold Exterior Dimensions 144.55 x 71.95 x 8.65mm Weight 151g Product Code VFN8GLD Manufacturer Model Number VFD610 Number of Boxes 1 Box Size/s 152 x 82 x 34mm. Extras Accessories Included Charger, Headset, USB Cable, User Guide. Facebook LinkedIn Twitter. Help FAQs Contact Us. Existing Customers Statement FAQs Debt Advice Redeem offers Complaints Procedure. Social Newsletter Facebook Twitter Blog. About About BrightHouse On Finance Pay Weekly Buy Now Pay Later Easy Pay Opening Times Delivery Latest Offers and Discounts. Sites BrightHouse Corporate Site BrightHouse Careers. Fun & Guides Buying Guides Christmas Number Ones Know the TV Show Food Journal Holiday Phone Guide Which device is for you? Which gamer are you? What Film TV Set Christmas kitchen Cost of going to school Battle for the TV remote How to clean your sofa Perfect armchair How clean is your living room? Dinosaurus - the Jurassic facts guide How long do you spend on your device?. Privacy Terms and conditions Cookies notice Affiliate scheme Sitemap Complaints procedure. *2 weeks free offer valid for applications made up to 23:59 18/02/2018. 2 weeks free applies to the weekly product price and not BrightCare or Product Insurance. Offers cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer. BrightHouse reserves the right to withdraw the offer at any time. Credit offered is subject to status and affordability checks. BrightHouse reserves the right not to extend credit. The interest rate offered will depend on your financial status, item purchased and length of the agreement. Discount does not include Product Insurance Cover payment where applicable. Insurance for fire, theft and accidental damage is required for the duration of the agreement. If you do not have an appropriate insurance policy, optional Product Insurance is available.. The insurance is provided by Caversham Insurance (Malta) Limited. Caversham Insurance (Malta) Limited is authorised by the Malta Financial Services Authority and subject to limited regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. Details about the extent of our regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority are available from us on request. We operate in the UK through our insurance intermediary, Caversham Finance Limited (trading as BrightHouse), 5 Hercules Way, Leavesden Park, Watford, Hertfordshire. Caversham Finance Limited, trading as BrightHouse, is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under firm reference number 695094, with permission to carry on credit-related regulated activities and to act as an insurance intermediary. You can check this on the FCA’s Register by visiting the FCA’s website www.fca.gov.uk/register/ or by contacting the FCA on 0800 111 6768. BrightHouse reserve the right not to extend credit. You have been logged out due to inactivity.. Please login again, or return to the home page.. 
