Press enter or click on the search icon. 32GB internal storage, up to 128GB microSD. What is the Vodafone Smart V8?. Vodafone’s Smart V8 is the company’s new mid-range offering, priced at £160 or available on contract for £23 a month. It sits under the Smart Prime 7, which remains the company’s own-brand flagship – but in many ways, the new Smart V8 is even more attractive thanks to its low price.. At and around the same price sit the Huawei P8 Lite , Motorola Moto G5 and Sony Xperia L1 among others. But with a great camera, passable performance, good screen and all-day battery life, the Smart V8 holds its own against the big-brand competition.. The Smart V8 is identical to the ZTE V870, which you’re unlikely to find in the UK. The only difference is the rear of the phone, which is a dark grey instead of light grey. It’s an attractive device with premium-feeling chamfered edges. Despite its 5.5-inch screen size it isn’t overly chunky, weighing in at 166g and 7.9mm thick. For comparison, that’s lighter than an iPhone 7 Plus , and only a little thicker.. It feels solid and well-put-together, and even following half a dozen accidental drops onto wooden floors on both its corners and flat onto the screen, it survived mostly unscathed. I say ‘mostly’ because the shiny chamfered edges seem very prone to picking up scratches. I can’t pinpoint when they occurred, but there were marks on every edge of the device. I did have to look for them closely, but I can foresee that a year down the line, it will likely be looking a little worse for wear.. Around the back of the V8, there are two lozenges of slightly grippy, textured material that presumably make space for wireless components, but also helpfully stop the phone from slipping off tilted surfaces. It’s also here that you’ll find the camera bump, which protrudes a couple of millimeters from the back of the chassis. Despite its precarious positioning, it didn’t pick up a scratch during my week of testing. Below this you’ll find the fingerprint scanner.. The headphone jack is on the top, and the nano-SIM/microSD card tray can be found on the left along with a rather oversensitive standby button; on the right is the volume rocker. The bottom edge is filled by a pair of speaker grilles and a rather old-world micro-USB port. I hope 2017 becomes the final year that mid-range phones ship with micro-USB, as USB-C is faster, reversible and generally much better to use. But given you’re probably upgrading from a phone that still has micro-USB, it’s no big deal.. There’s also NFC, which works with the excellent Android Pay.. The Smart V8 comes equipped with a Full HD IPS display, and it’s very good for the money. It’s just about bright enough to be used in the strongest sunlight, although just a tad more brightness would have been welcome. Blacks are deep enough to keep movies and games atmospheric, and colours look natural enough.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. My review unit had an out-of-box fault with the right edge of the screen, where a few pixels couldn’t display black properly and instead displayed a random colour. Check this when you first start using the Smart V8 in case it’s a widespread fault, and make sure you return the device if it’s an issue.. Screen performance is mostly fine, although there’s a little motion blur when scrolling through text. It’s nothing overly distracting, but it does set this phone apart from more premium options.. I also wasn’t a fan of the auto brightness adjustment. It does a good enough job, but it does it exceptionally slowly. It could take upwards of 5 seconds for the sensor to pick up a change in lighting conditions, during which time the screen is either blindingly bright in dark conditions or unreadably dark in sunlight.. Also on the front sits a useful LED notification light, although it can sometimes be a bit over-active when notifying you of an open Wi-Fi network, flashing red until dismissed. Still, it’s nice to have, particularly when this device doesn’t have an always-on display.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Our website uses cookies to give you a better browsing experience, and by using our site you accept our. A fingerprint sensor for fast unlocking and effortless security. A big, brilliant Full HD screen. More than enough power for anything you can throw at it and faster 4G+ connection.. Capture great memories, not just photos and videos. The advanced high-resolution front and back camera with ultra-fast phase detection autofocus and dual flash means you won't miss a shot. And the phone has great memory, too – expandable by SD card up to 128 GB.. The Vodafone V8's award-winning full metal body has thin, clean lines and a soft curved screen edge. Not only does it look stunning – what you can do with it will exceed your expectations.. Front: 8 MP / Back: 16 MP. 156 x 76 x 7.99 mm. 5.5“ Full HD LTPS, 2.5D Dragontrail glass. 16 MP auto focus with dual LED flash. Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 435 (MSM8940) Octa-core 1.4+1.1 GHz). 3 GB RAM / 32 GB ROM / microSD up to 128 GB supported. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. 155 x 76 x 7.9 mm (6.10 x 2.99 x 0.31 in). LTPS IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~70.8% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Vodafone Smart V8 - user opinions and reviews. Don't worry about finger print You can make another one.. Has finger reader on back but won't read my finger! Very fast responsive screen!. Battery is non-removable according to the manual.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart N8 Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Huawei P10 Lite Vodafone Smart ultra 7 Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017). Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of over 7,000 results for "Vodafone Smart V8". Vodafone Smart V8 Case, DISLAND Ultra-thin Vertical Flip PU Leather Magnetic UP-Down Open Wallet Case Cover with Card Holder Slot for Vodafone Smart V8,Black. Vodafone Smart V8 Case,Gift_Source [Stand Feature] Premium Faux Leather Flip Wallet Cases Slim Folio Magnetic Closure Cover Built-in Credit Card/ID Card Slots for Vodafone Smart V8 (5.5 inch) [Black]. Note:This case is fit for Vodafone Smart V8 (5.5 inch) ,not fit for .... Vodafone Smart V8 Premium Black Vertical Leather Carrying Case Holster with Swivel Belt Clip. Vodafone Smart V8 Case, CaseFirst Litchi Texture PU Leather Back Cover Case Flip Case Card Slot Wallet Case Flip Cover for Vodafone Smart V8 (White). specifically designed for Vodafone Smart V8. For cellphone Cases, For Vodafone Smart V8 Litchi Texture Horizontal Flip Leather Case with Holder & Card Slots & Wallet & Photo Frame. 003216 - Fast black sports car boys dream orange rims VODAFONE SMART V8 Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. superior ZRL 4pcs HD Clear/Matte/Nano Explosion - Proof soft Film/Blu-ray Explosion-proof soft film Screen Protector for Vodafone Smart V8(Not Tempered Glass). Vodafone Smart V8 Case,Gift_Source [Stand Feature] Premium Faux Leather Flip Wallet Cases Slim Folio Magnetic Closure Cover Built-in Credit Card/ID Card Slots for Vodafone Smart V8 (5.5 inch) [Red]. Becool - Cover Gel Flexible Vodafone Smart V8, TPU Case made out of the best Silicone, protects and adapts flawlessly to your Smartphone, together with our exclusive designs. Becool - Cover Gel Flexible Vodafone Smart V8, TPU Case made out of the best Silicone, protects and adapts flawlessly to your Smartphone, together with our exclusive designs. BeCool - Cover Gel Flexible protect your Vodafone Smart V8, TPU Gel Premium Flexible, protects your Smartphone, Soft Rubber [ +1 Tempered Glass Screen Protector ] Silicone Case Cover.. Case for Vodafone Vfd710 Smart V8 Case Cover DK-HS. flash, fingerprint identification, speaker) for Vodafone Vfd710 Smart V8 .... Becool - Cover Gel Flexible Vodafone Smart V8, TPU Case made out of the best Silicone, protects and adapts flawlessly to your Smartphone, with our exclusive designs. Premium Rapid 2100mAh Micro USB Car Charger for Vodafone Smart V8,Smart E8,N8,Smart Turbo 7, Platinum 7 , ultra 7, prime , Black. Product Features Premium Glass Style 2100mAh Micro USB Rapid Car Charger for Vodafone Smart V8. 003810 - Funny Cats Pattern Design VODAFONE SMART V8 Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. Becool - Cover Gel Flexible Vodafone Smart V8, TPU Case made out of the best Silicone, protects and adapts flawlessly to your Smartphone, together with our exclusive designs. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
You are here: Home / Review / Vodafone Smart V8 phone review. July 6, 2017 By Jay Garrett 4 Comments. Vodafone Smart V8 price and availability. Get possibly the best bargain phone this year!. Last week I was at the release bash of the Vodafone Smart V8. The new smartphone from the red network looked and felt pretty decent. How does it fare when I’m sober though?. The Vodafone Smart V8 is more like the Ultra’s than the Platinum. In fact, it fits rather nicely between the Ultra 7 and Platinum 7 .. Thankfully for those looking for smartphone with big specs and small price tag, the V8 edges more towards Ultra pricing than the premium Platinum.. Before I was given one to run away with (and return) I was really impressed when my Tech Addict buddy, Gareth, slapped the V8 in my hand.. It really feels like an expensive phone.. The front face is made from toughened 2.5D Dragontrail glass. Its rounded edges are pleasing to the digits and makes for enjoyable touchscreen swiping.. The ZTE-cobbled Smart V8 has a diamond cut full metal body which gives it a good weight.. The rear composite shell has a brushed effect finish and is embellished by textured plastic top and bottom panels. It looks good and feels good.. The official colour is Cold Metal. I’m sure that I saw them play my local back in the 80s…. Below its 16MP camera sits a fingerprint scanner. The 5.5-inch screen sits in a fairly slim and light body, measuring just 7.99mm thin and weighing in at 166g.. That display boasts Full HD resolution (1080 x 1920 pixels) at 401 pixels per inch, which is pretty decent to be honest.. Above the screen sits the 8MP front facing selfie snapper.. On the sides you get a volume rocker on one, and the power button on the other.. The bottom has a microUSB (oddly, not USB-C) flanked by speaker grilles.. The top edge keeps the home fires burning for the standard 3.5mm headphone jack.. In engine bay of this smartphone is a Ford Flathead V8 which gives the phone its name.. The V8 is much more realistically powered by the Snapdragon 435 SoC (1.4GHz Octa-core). This is mated with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage.. There’s also a memory card slot just in case things get snug over there in appsville.. Keeping everything powered up is a non-removable 3,000mAh battery.. The phone’s full-HD display is surprisingly crisp and detailed. I even convinced friends that it was Quad-HD for quite a while.. Not only that, the colours really pop more than the keyONE which has been my daily driver since picking it up.. I very much doubt that there’s a phone in this price bracket with a much better screen.. The Vodafone Smart V8 is loaded with Android 7.1.1 Nougat operating system. It will get Android O when it is released later this year. Although, I wasn’t able to ascertain how soon after release.. You get to be able to respond to notifications from within the notification panel itself, as well as multi-apping in Split Screen mode.. Further features includes Google Voice Typing, Glide Typing, Tap and Pay, Message+, Duo video calling and the Google Fit app.. I love the fact that Vodafone have left the user interface pretty well alone. It looks and feels like stock Android which, for me, is brilliant.. Of course, there are some customisations with things like the camera app (taking a leaf out of the iOS style book) and the launcher.. The latter, brings up handy tips if you swipe right. Confusing for the likes of me who was expecting Google Now.. Swiping left from the homescreen brings you a page with a little Vodafone hub widget already placed. This has shortcuts to your My Vodafone account, Vodafone Wallet (if installed), etc.. The fingerprint sensor works really well.. You are able to add up to five fingerprints – handy if you let your kids play games on your phone, for instance.. The fingerprint reader can also be used to access your Private Space, lock apps, answer calls, take photos or to drag down the notification panel.. If you don’t use the fingerprint sensor then you can activate the Double Tap to Wake feature.. The Smart Lock can be activated in order to keep the phone unlocked in trusted places, when trusted devices are connected to it or when a trusted face or voice is recognised.. The main camera is very responsive and has a large number of settings and filters, including an automatic HDR mode, super night, slow exposure, multi-exposure, time lapse, slow motion, slow exposure (for capturing water flow, car trails or star trails) and panorama.. To be honest, I’ve only rattled off a few shots in fully automatic mode. However, I have a feeling that this is how most people will use the camera on the V8.. Focus occurs quickly with Phase Detection Auto Focus technology and there is a dual flash.. A quick launch feature (double tap the volume key) gets you ready to shoot quickly.. You can get pro results by making use of the level guide and metering features if you are so inclined. The GIF Maker (using up to 50 photos) is fun for your socials. I can also see the Collage Maker being a winner for Facebookers, Instagrammers and Tweeters alike.. Video recording is limited to 1080p. You were really expecting 4K at this price point?. When shooting selfies, you can make use of the wide selfie mode, smile detection, V gesture and beauty face features.. I have been kind to you all and not posted any of my narcissistic gurning on here.. The Vodafone Smart V8’s 3,000mAh battery is a good capacity in all. You should be able to reach the end of the day before it needs a recharge.. However, if things start looking a bit sketchy on the charging front, you can make the most of the power reserves by the using the Power Manager feature.. The Smart V8 is Qualcomm QuickCharge 2.0 compatible. Which is great news, although you will need to purchase a quick charger separately to make use of that particular feature.. The V8 feels nice and that screen is something to behold.. The camera is impressive too, even in auto mode. Those that get caught up in Specification Top Trumps might be sniffy about the Snapdragon 435. In the end, it’s their loss.. Yes, it is pretty entry level but it still performs well and gives you easily a day from a full battery charge. People have sniggered at the 635 chip in the keyONE but most days I don’t have to recharge when I go to bed. This is really handy for folk like me that are almost constantly updating their social networks.. True, if you like your mobile games graphically intensive this might seem the one for you. However, friends have tested it and it actually booted games faster than the Nexus 6P – and played them!. Additionally, what if I told you that the V8 on Pay As You Go plus a Nintendo Switch still comes in at under £450?. That aside, I really think that Vodafone might well have a contender for best budget blower for 2017.. The Smart V8 retails for £160 on PAYG. Told you it was a bargain.. Alternatively, opt for the £19 per month contract and get unlimited texts, 500 minutes and 500MB of data.. Obviously, you need to head to Vodafone to get one.. Tech Addicts Podcast #34 - OnePlus 5, Honor 9, Vodafone Smart V8. Discounted LG 4K Smart TV - Amazon Prime Day leak. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window). Filed Under: Phones , Review. Please feel free to email GadgetyNews direct with your advertising requirements.. GadgetyNews by Jay Garrett is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. Based on a work at http://gadgetynews.com .. Roccat Khan Pro gaming headset review – Khan and get it TiBag compact laptop bag review Foobot review – making air quality monitoring smarter. ChordOhmic speaker plugs launched at The Bristol Show. Atlas Cables unleashing 6 new products – Bristol Show. Melco 100-series CD and HD Drives – Bristol Show 2018. Leema Acoustics biggest Bristol Show yet. AG352UCG6 Black Edition monitor at IEM Katowice. Archos Citee Connect Android scooter – MWC 2018. Technics SL-1000R UK demo at The Bristol Show 2018. Wharfedale DS-2 – dinky desktop divas. Hitachi launches 75-inch 4K Smart TV under £1500. Globe-Trotter X Analogue Foundation Listening Station at Spiritland. Huawei P20 range will have stamina – MWC 2018. BenQ W2000 projector review – Sub £800 Rec.709. Chord Qutest DAC, GoFigure app – Bristol Show 2018. Honor 7X available in Red and Grey. Eclipse flagship TD712zMK2 speakers – Bristol Show 2018. McIntosh MCT500 SACD/CD Transport UK price. Microsoft Surface Book 2 now available in UK. Leave this field empty if you're human:. Now share this news with your friends. This site uses cookies to improve your experience. 
Vodafone Smart V8 Review: In Depth. Screen size 5.5-inches Screen resolution Full HD (1920x1080) Weight 166 grams OS Android 7.1.1 Nougat Rear Camera 16-megapixels Front camera 8-megapixels Processor 1.4GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 Memory 3GB RAM Storage 32GB. Expandable via microSD up to 128GB 4G LTE Yes Bonus features FM Radio, advanced power saving, fingerprint sensor. Premium metal build Smart software features Affordable. No image stabilisation (video only) Thick bezels. Vodafone Smart V8 review: Vodafone’s new £160 Smart V8 follows in the footsteps of provider’s first 2017 handset; the N8 , and that means plenty of bang for your buck with a Full HD screen, 16-megapixel camera and great build quality.. We commended last year’s Smart Ultra 7 for offering a sleek design at a great price but one aspect that did let it down was its predominantly plastic finish. Thankfully, Vodafone heard our criticisms and as such the Smart V8 looks a feels like a significantly pricier handset than it is in actuality.. The tall, narrow metal body is a mix of brushed surfaces and chamfered edges with plastic caps at the top and bottom for the antennas being the only exceptions. The design bears more than a passing resemblance to ZTE’s newly launched V870, which shouldn’t come as much of a surprise when you learn that it served as the donor device when Vodafone was creating the V8.. The phone feels well-built and sturdy with pleasing symmetry; from the dual grilles on its bottom edge (only one of which actually contains a speaker) to the centrally positioned fingerprint sensor on its back, which feels decidedly snappy for a phone at this price point. You also get metal hardware controls, although we wish they’d placed the power button on the phone’s right side, rather than its left (this, from the perspective of a right-handed user).. Around the front, you’re also given a layer of pillowed Dragontrail Glass, which not only feels nice under-finger but also repels fingerprints surprisingly well (not always a given on more affordable smartphones), as well as offering comparable resilience to the likes of Corning’s Gorilla Glass 4.. Behind that cover glass lies a 5.5-inch LTPS display. It offers excellent colours and contrast head-on with minimal colour distortion at more extreme angles and only really suffers from brightness issues. At full tilt, it could offer a little more illumination, whilst there’s mild drop-off as you twist it away from face-on, too.. You’ve got 401ppi (pixels per inch) to play with thanks to its Full HD resolution, which is a pretty tried and tested panel if you look at most mid-range and (some) premium handsets from the last 18 months, but that simply means text looks crisp and iconography is clean and clear.. Despite its affordable nature, Vodafone has kept pace with the latest Android releases, meaning the V8 comes running version 7.1.1 Nougat, packing all the mod-cons including native split-screen multitasking and enhanced background power management.. As ever, Vodafone has also made some small but considered alterations to the base Android experience of its own. There are a number of features we’ve encountered before, like lockscreen shortcuts, not just to the camera but also the flashlight, voice input and the option to tweak and change additional actions as necessary.. We wouldn’t consider Vodafone’s own apps as bloatware for the most part either, with genuinely useful inclusions like Call+ and Message+ that include a web portal for desktop access, a Tips app, FM radio app and the Private Space app – a new offering that includes an encrypted photo and video gallery, file manager, app locker and password keeper, all under a secondary pattern lock.. Jump into the settings and you’ll also find new options for smart cases/covers and gesture-based actions like Flip to Mute and a three-finger tap to snooze your alarm, as an action.. In short, V8 owners will get much more out of the Android Nougat experience this smartphone packs versus a stock version of the same OS, thanks to Vodafone’s unobtrusive but intelligent additions.. Out the gate, the V8 feels like a significantly snappier handset compared to its predecessor and the switch from a MediaTek SoC to one of Qualcomm’s latest 435 chipsets should stand the phone in good stead over the length of your average 18 to 24-month contract, with regards to performance degradation.. Most 3D games run without issue, split-screen multitasking didn’t seem like a particularly big ask and jumping from one app to another only occasionally had you waiting before interaction was possible again. It’s an unexciting but wholly competent internal setup that the V8 is working with.. There’s also an ample 3GB of RAM and a usable 32GB of internal storage, so long as you’re aware that just over 9GB of that is occupied by system files out-the-box. What’s more, you can throw up to a 128GB microSD card in there if you need extra room for your media collection.. As for battery life, the 3000mAh non-removable cell should see you through a day and a half without too much trouble when paired with general mixed usage, however, another alteration Vodafone has made to the software experience gives users the option of both a ‘Smart Power-saving’ and ‘Ultra Power-saving’ mode – the latter of which promises to almost double longevity at the expense of high-demand services and features.. It even gives you app-by-app permissions control, so you can tailor app behaviour around power usage to an impressive degree.. Our Vodafone Smart V8 camera review will give you the full skinny on the phone’s photographic capabilities but in a nutshell, the handset’s 16-megapixel primary snapper and 8-megapixel front-facer both perform admirably, with a penchant for accurate colours and well-balanced contrast.. The shutter feels fast and responsive but we’d suggest shooting in HDR to minimise the challenges of photographing higher contrast scenes, even if they take almost a second to capture each time. The dual-tone LED flash on the back also colours subjects well whilst only the finest details really suffer, should you crop in.. You also get Full HD video recording at 30fps from both the front and rear cameras but where the V8 really shines is with regards to each camera’s functionality. You’ll find a wealth of modes at your fingertips including long-exposure capture and manual control, along with options to watermark shots, use gesture-based shutter control and more.. All we’d suggest is that selfie fans use the beauty slider sparingly, as things start to fall apart at higher levels, and don’t be surprised if your footage retains all of the micro-tremors and twitches from your hands when shooting video, the phone lacks any form of image stabilisation, which is a shame.. With numerous affordable mid-range phones packing similarly-sized batteries and 5.5-inch Full HD displays, the Vodafone Smart V8 has a fair bit of competition to square up to, but for £160 you’re actually getting a good-looking, fast and fluid mid-ranger with a competent enough camera and some very smart software tweaks from the off.. What’s more, this phone leverages Vodafone’s super speedy 4G network, so you can stream and game online without worry. All in all, the V8 has what it takes to stand alongside some of the bigger players in its class, almost giving the likes of the Moto G5 Plus cause for concern. We just wish it wasn’t a carrier exclusive so more people could enjoy what Vodafone is offering with the Smart V8.. Vodafone Smart V8 Camera Review: Samples from Goodwood Festival of Speed 2017. Apple iPad (2017) Review: In Depth. Eve Tech Eve V hands-on review: Surface Pro beater?. Acer Nitro 5 Hands-on Review: Majestic Casual. Vodafone Smart V8 Camera Review: Samples from Goodwood Festival of Speed 2017. Apple iPad (2017) Review: In Depth. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. Mobile Phones · Features Best budget camera phones: The greatest mobile snappers for £299 and under. Broadband & TV · Features How do I stream Sky Go to a TV, to watch Sky shows or movies on a big screen?. Mobile Phones · Features Neko Atsume rare cats guide: How to get Cream-san, Bengal Jack and more. Mobile Phones · Features What is iOS and what does iOS stand for?. Broadband & TV · Features How can I watch Amazon Prime Video on my TV?. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. 
SIM Only SIM Samsung Galaxy S7 black Apple iPhone 7 32GB black Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge black Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus black Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus rose pink Apple iPhone 7 32GB rose gold Samsung Galaxy S8 black Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge gold Samsung Galaxy S8 grey. A touch of class at an affordable price. Our Vodafone Smart V8 review uncovers the latest smartphone from Vodafone UK and it has a really good spec, for a phone that is priced from £160 on Pay as you Go.. 24-month contract customers can pick up the Smart V8 from £23 per month, with unlimited texts and minutes and 1GB of internet data.. New: Vodafone Smart E8 review. Overall, we are impressed with what is on offer. So, if you are cautious with your outlays then check out our Vodafone Smart V8 review, as this one could be for you.. The Vodafone Smart V8 has a quality build that is satisfyingly durable. The front face of the phone is made from toughened 2.5D Dragontrail glass and the rounded edges are kind to the fingers, when swiping onto or off of the touch screen.. Fill in the form and be the first to know when the Vodafone Smart V8 is released .. The Smart V8 has a diamond cut full metal body with a brushed effect finish on the back. This is encapsulated by textured top and bottom panels and shiny soft curved beveled edges.. The official colour is Cold Metal, incorrectly tagged as Cool Metal in some media reports. The low down here though is that the back is mostly grey, while the front has black panels both above and below the display.. New: Motorola Moto E4 Plus review. This Vodafone phone is fairly slim and light at 7.99mm thick and weighing in at 166g. We also applaud Vodafone for including a notification light, which will help save power by not having to wake the screen up to check if notifications have arrived.. The display is satisfactorily large at 5.5” and this has Full HD resolution (1080 x 1920 pixels) at 401 pixels per inch, which is absolutely fantastic. The display has a night mode designed to reduce eye-strain and you can set the time for when this is automatically turned on.. The fingerprint sensor offers biometric security and you can add up to five fingerprints, for guest users. The fingerprint reader can also be used to access your Private Space, lock apps, answer calls, take photos or to drag down the notification panel.. If you don’t use the fingerprint sensor then you can activate the Double Tap to Wake feature. Usability has been considered here and a Smart Lock can be activated in order to keep the phone unlocked in trusted places, when trusted devices are connected to it or when a trusted face or voice is recognised.. Transferring content from an old smartphone or iPhone is straightforward and the Vodafone Smart V8 has a 32GB internal memory, of which 22GB is free to the user. This is pretty generous but if you do need more memory, then there is a microSD card slot that supports cards with a value of up to 128GB.. The Vodafone Smart V8 runs the very latest update of the Android 7.1.1 Nougat operating system. Some of the benefits of this includes the ability to respond to notifications from within the notification panel itself and the option to use two apps together in Split Screen mode.. Further features includes Google Voice Typing, Glide Typing, Tap and Pay, Message+, Duo video calling and the Google Fit app. The Smart V8 is also Cardboard (Virtual Reality) compatible and this includes a Cardboard Camera mode for taking VR photos. You just need to purchase the Cardboard Viewer (£11.55) to take advantage of this.. The Smart V8 benefits from Vodafone’s faster 4G+ connection and everything runs smoothly, thanks to the Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 1.4GHz octa-core processor with 3GB RAM.. If you typically keep you phone in a case then the Smart Cover is a sensible buy that lets you see important information through the cover opening, with a choice of clock styles to choose from.. The high resolution 16MP camera brings with it many features that have recently been seen on premium camera phones. Focus occurs quickly with Phase Detection Auto Focus technology and there is a dual flash and HDR feature, for getting the best exposure.. A quick launch feature (double tap the volume key) gets you ready to shoot quickly. Shooting modes includes super night, slow exposure, time lapse, slow motion, slow exposure (for capturing water flow, car trails or star trails) and panorama.. You can get pro results by making use of the level guide and metering features or have a bit of fun with the GIF Maker (up to 50 photos) and Collage Maker. You can also shoot video at a quality of 1080p.. The Vodafone Smart V8 has a 8MP selfie camera, which is better than many other phones in the same pricing bracket. When shooting selfies, you can make use of the wide selfie mode, smile detection, V gesture and beauty face features.. The Vodafone Smart V8 has a 3,000mAh battery and this is a good capacity that should give you a days worth of typical use. You can make the most of the power reserves by the using the Power Manager feature.. The Smart V8 is Qualcomm QuickCharge 2.0 compatible, but you will need to purchase the quick charger separately, to make use of this feature.. Next: LG G6+ review. Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 16GB black. Galaxy Tab S2 8.0 32GB white. Watch 3 Nike+ silver & white 38mm. Watch 3 Nike+ silver & white 42mm. Watch 3 Nike+ space grey & black 38mm. Watch 3 Nike+ space grey & black 42mm. Watch 3 gold & pink 38mm. Watch 3 gold & pink 42mm. Watch 3 silver & fog 38mm. Watch 3 silver & fog 42mm. Watch 3 space grey & black 38mm. Watch 3 space grey & black 42mm. Watch 3 stainless steel & white 38mm. Watch 3 stainless steel & white 42mm. iPad Air 4G 32GB space grey. iPad Mini 4 128GB space grey. iPad Pro 10.5 256GB rose gold. iPad Pro 10.5 256GB space grey. iPad Pro 10.5 512GB rose gold. iPad Pro 10.5 512GB space grey. iPad Pro 10.5 64GB rose gold. iPad Pro 10.5 64GB space grey. iPad Pro 12.9 (2017) 256GB space grey. iPad Pro 12.9 256GB space grey. iPad Pro 9.7 32GB rose gold. iPhone 6s Plus 128GB rose gold. iPhone 6s Plus 128GB space grey. iPhone 6s Plus 16GB rose gold. iPhone 6s Plus 16GB space grey. iPhone 6s Plus 32GB rose gold. iPhone 6s Plus 32GB space grey. iPhone 6s Plus 64GB rose gold. iPhone 6s Plus 64GB space grey. iPhone 7 Plus 128GB jet black. iPhone 7 Plus 128GB rose gold. iPhone 7 Plus 256GB jet black. iPhone 7 Plus 32GB jet black. iPhone 7 Plus 32GB rose gold. iPhone 7 plus 256GB rose gold. Pixel 2 XL 128GB black & white. Pixel 2 XL 64GB black & white. Huawei MediaPad M2 8.0 16GB silver. Huawei MediaPad T3 10 32GB grey. Xperia Z2 Tablet 4G 16GB black. Reviewed on 27/02/2015 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 06/02/2015 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 01/08/2015 by Michael Brown. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 16GB gold. Reviewed on 14/09/2015 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 09/08/2016 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 14/03/2017 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 23/05/2017 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 25/04/2017 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 21/08/2017 by Michael Brown. Reviewed on 29/01/2018 by Michael Brown. Subscribe to our newsletter for the latest deals. Mobilephones.com Unit 2 The Pavilions, Cranmore Drive, Solihull, West Midlands, B90 4SB. Mobilephones.com Unit 2 The Pavilions Cranmore Drive Solihull West Midlands B90 4SB. Copyright © 2013 - 2018 Mobilephones.com Ltd., all rights reserved.. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Vodafone Manuals Cell Phone Smart V8 User manual Vodafone Smart V8 User Manual. Related Manuals for Vodafone Smart V8. Cell Phone Vodafone VF695 User Manual. Cell Phone Vodafone VF-895N User Manual. Cell Phone Vodafone V403SH User Manual. Cell Phone Vodafone Smart ultra 7 VFD 700 User Manual. Cell Phone Vodafone V603SH Instruction Manual. Cell Phone Vodafone SMART PLATINUM 7 VFD 900 User Manual. Cell Phone Vodafone Sagem VS1 User Manual. Cell Phone Vodafone Smart 4 turbo User Manual. Cell Phone Vodafone Smart 4 mini User Manual. Cell Phone Vodafone Smart Chat Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Vodafone 858 Smart Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Vodafone Smart Mini User Manual. Cell Phone Vodafone Smart 4 mini Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Vodafone Smart speed F-795 User Manual. Vodafone smart 4 turbo user manual (72 pages). Summary of Contents for Vodafone Smart V8. Page 2: About This Manual, All Rights Reserved. Page 11: Extending The Battery Life. Page 13: Using The Touch Screen. Page 15: Getting To Know The Home Screen. Page 18: Turning On/off System Sounds. Page 23: Protecting Your Phone With Screen Pinning. Page 25: Respond To Or Remove A Notification. Page 27: Managing Shortcuts And Widgets. Page 28: Rearranging The Primary Shortcuts. Page 30: Keyboard Settings, Google Voice Typing. Page 32: Use Two Apps In Split-screen Mode. Page 34: Connecting To Networks And Devices. Page 38: Change The Device Name, Pair With Another Bluetooth Device. Page 39: Exchanging Data Via Nfc. Page 40: Using Tap & Pay. Page 41: Using Usb On-the-go (otg). Page 44: Sharing Your Mobile Data Connection. Page 46: Connecting To Virtual Private Networks. Page 47: Connect To A Vpn. Page 49: Answering Or Rejecting Calls. Page 51: Using Options During A Call. Page 52: Adjusting Your Call Settings. Page 53: Edit Quick Response To Rejected Callers, Set Speed Dials. Page 57: Importing, Exporting, And Sharing Contacts. Page 58: Working With Favourite Contacts. Page 59: Set A Ringtone For A Contact, Delete Contacts, Link Contacts. Page 64: Writing And Sending An Email. Page 65: Adding And Editing Email Accounts. Page 72: Using Manual Camera Mode. Page 73: Using Other Camera Modes. Page 77: Making A Gif Picture Or A Collage. Page 84: Other Options And Settings. Page 92: Flight Mode, Tethering And Portable Hotspot, Mobile Networks. Smart V8 User manual VFD 710.... Google and Android are trademarks of Google, Inc. The Bluetooth trademark and logos are owned by the ® Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such trademarks by Vodafone Group is under license. microSDXC Logo is a trademark of SD-3C, LLC.. Qualcomm Snapdragon™ processors are products of ® Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. Qualcomm and Snapdragon are trademarks of Qualcomm Incorporated, registered in the United States and other countries. Other trademarks and trade names are the property of their respective owners. Version No.: R1.0 Edition Time: February 6, 2017.... Getting to know your phone ..........8. Installing the nano-SIM card and the microSD™ card .. Hiding apps ................33 Connecting to networks and devices ..... Writing and sending an email ..........64. Adding and editing email accounts ........65. Changing general email settings ........65 Messaging ............... Getting started Getting to know your phone Indicator light Front camera Proximity & light Earpiece sensor nano-SIM/ microSDXC card tray Power key Touch screen Headset jack Dual-flash Back camera Fingerprint sensor Volume key Charging/ Speaker micro-USB jack.... Knowing the keys Function  Power key Press and hold to turn on or off flight mode, restart, turn on or off vibration or sound, power off, or capture the screen.  Press to turn off or on the screen display. Volume key Press or hold either end of the key to turn the volume up or down.. You can place a nano-SIM card on the right card slot, and place a microSD card on the left card slot, as shown. Carefully slide the tray back into place. Charging the battery Your phone’s battery should have enough power for the phone to turn on, find a signal, and make a few calls.. WARNING! Do not remove the back cover. Removal may cause fire or explosion. Connect the adapter to the charging jack. Ensure that the adapter is inserted with the correct orientation. Do not force the connector into the charging jack.  Turn Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and auto-sync off when not in use.  Disable the GPS function when not in use. Most applications using this function will periodically query the GPS satellites for your current location, and each query drains your battery.. NOTE: To enable this feature, select > Settings > Display > Double tap to wake from the home screen. - or - Swipe from a shortcut icon at the bottom to open the related app or feature. - or - Touch a notification twice consecutively to open the related app..  Touch and Hold To open the available options for an item (for example, a message or link in a web page), touch and hold the item.  Swipe or Slide To swipe or slide means to quickly drag your finger vertically or horizontally across the screen..  Rotate the screen For most screens, you can automatically change the screen orientation from portrait to landscape by turning the phone sideways. NOTE: The auto-rotate feature needs to be enabled for the screen orientation to automatically change. Extended home screen panels Your home screen is extendable, providing more space for shortcuts, widgets, and more. Simply swipe left or right on the home screen to see the extended panels. You can add or remove home screen panels, or adjust their order. To add a new home screen panel: 1.. Personalising Changing the system language > > Settings > Languages & input > 1. The first language in the list is the default system language. Touch Add a language to add another language to the list. Select the regional variant of the language if prompted. NOTE: If you have additional audio files saved in the internal storage or the microSD card, touch More Ringtones or More Notifications on the top of the ringtone list to choose one as the ringtone. NOTE: Set a ringtone for a contact for how to assign a special ringtone to an individual contact.. Touch Total silence, Alarms only, or Priority only depending on whether you want to allow exceptions. You can customise the exceptions when Priority only is selected. Touch Until you turn this off if you want to turn off Do not disturb mode manually;.... Enter the rule name, select Time rule or Event rule. Enter a name for the rule and touch OK. For a time rule, set the days, the start and end times, and set Do not disturb mode. You can also choose whether to allow the rule to stop at either the rule end time or by the next alarm you've set in the Clock app.. Changing screen brightness > > Settings > Display > Brightness 1. Drag the slider to manually adjust the screen brightness. NOTE: Your phone can automatically adjust the screen brightness for available light. Touch Adaptive brightness in the Display settings screen to turn the feature on or off.. For Pattern, PIN, or Password lock, select whether to protect your phone by requiring your pattern, PIN or password before it starts up. Then follow the onscreen prompts to continue. NOTE: When this feature is enabled, your phone cannot receive calls, messages, or notifications until it starts up.. You can set the following options. Access Private Space: Press the fingerprint sensor to  access Private Space with a registered fingerprint. Take photo: Press the fingerprint sensor to take a  photo when the Camera app is opened. Knowing the basics Monitoring the phone status The status bar at the top of the home screen provides phone and service status icons on the right side. Below are some of the icons you may see. EDGE connected No signal 3G/HSPA+ Signal strength connected.... New message(s) from the Gmail™ Sending data USB tethering Missed call microSD card Call in progress mounted Call on hold Song playing Open/close the notification panel Notifications report the arrival of new messages, calendar events, and alarms, as well as ongoing events, such as when you are playing music..  To manage notifications you have received, touch and hold a notification, or slide it left or right a small amount and touch , and then choose to silence or block the application, or touch MORE SETTINGS to customise more notification settings..  On the Quick Settings panel, touch at the top to get to the Settings menu; touch to manage users or switch between them. Managing shortcuts and widgets Add shortcuts and widgets 1. Touch > - or - To add widgets, touch and hold an empty area of the home screen and select WIDGETS.. You can move or remove folders the same way as moving or removing shortcuts. Touch and hold a shortcut on the home screen and drag it quickly over another shortcut. A new folder will be created and both shortcuts are added into the folder.. NOTE: The icon appears only when more than one input method is installed and enabled. Gboard Gboard provides a layout similar to a desktop computer keyboard. When screen auto-rotation is enabled, turn the phone sideways and the keyboard will change from portrait to landscape..  Touch and hold and then slide right to change the keyboard layout for one-hand input.  Touch to access more options. NOTE: The keyboard layout may change in different apps. Glide Typing Gboard supports the glide typing feature. You can use this feature to input a word by sliding through the letters.. When you see the microphone image, speak what you want to type. You can continue entering text to keep it or to delete it. NOTE: Say "comma," "period," "question mark," "exclamation mark," or "exclamation point" to enter punctuation. Input method settings Choose the input method settings by touching >.... Switch between recently opened apps 1. The apps you’ve used recently are displayed in a series of tabs. Slide up and down to see all the tabs. Touch a tab to open that app. NOTE: You can swipe a tab sideways or touch X on the tab to remove it on the tab to lock it;.... NOTE: The pre-installed apps may not be uninstalled. Hiding apps You can hide apps in the application list screen. Touch > to open the application list screen. Touch the apps you want to hide and touch NOTE: >.... Connecting to networks and devices Connecting to mobile networks Control mobile data use To enable or disable data access: 1. Touch > > Settings > Data usage. Touch the Mobile data switch to enable or disable mobile data use. To get data services when roaming: >.... Select network operator > > Settings > More > Mobile networks. Touch Search networks to search for all available networks. Touch a network in the network list to register manually. You can also touch Choose automatically to select the preferred network automatically.. Slide the Wi-Fi switch to the On position. Touch Add network at the bottom of the Wi-Fi networks list. If necessary, enter security or other network configuration details. Touch the Wi-Fi network name and then touch FORGET. Using Wi-Fi Direct ® Wi-Fi Direct allows Wi-Fi devices to share files and data directly by connecting to each other without the need for wireless access points (hotspots).. Turn Bluetooth on/off > > Settings > Bluetooth. Slide the Bluetooth switch to the On or Off position. When Bluetooth is on, the icon appears in the status bar. Touch > > Settings > Bluetooth. In the list of paired devices, touch the icon beside the Bluetooth device you want to forget. Open the appropriate application and select the file or item you want to share. Using tap & pay You can tap and pay with your phone at the merchants that accept contactless payments. NOTE: To use tap & pay, you need to install a nano-SIM card which supports NFC in your phone. For detailed information, please contact your Vodacom service provider.. If you are using USB tethering, you must turn that off before you can use USB to transfer files between your phone and computer. Connect your phone to a computer via USB 1. Connect your phone to the PC with a USB cable. If your microSD card is new or doesn't have content you want to keep, you can also set it up as an extension of the phone storage, and this requires formatting that prevents the microSD card from working with other devices. CAUTION: As part of the phone storage, the microSD card may have data on it that is necessary for some apps to function normally.. Touch the card name in the Portable storage section. > Storage settings and then touch Format as 3. CAUTION: The formatting procedure erases all the data on the microSD card, after which the files CANNOT be retrieved.. To reformat the microSD card as portable storage: If you no longer want to use your microSD card as phone storage, you can reformat the card as portable storage. NOTE: Before the formatting, ensure that you have moved data and apps to the internal storage.. Share your mobile data connection via Bluetooth If your computer can obtain an Internet connection via Bluetooth, you can configure your phone to share its mobile data connection with your computer. Pair your phone with your computer via Bluetooth. Set your Wi-Fi hotspot You can change the name of your phone's Wi-Fi network (SSID), secure your portable Wi-Fi hotspot, and set other options. Touch > > Settings > More > Tethering & portable hotspot. Touch Set up Wi-Fi hotspot and set your name and security options as follows.. Connect to a VPN > > Settings > More > VPN. Touch the VPN that you want to connect to. When prompted, enter any requested credentials, and then touch CONNECT. Modify a VPN > > Settings > More > VPN. Phone calls You can place calls from the Phone app, the Contacts app, or other apps or widgets that display contact information. Wherever you see a phone number, you can usually touch it to dial. NOTE: You can change the default app for phone calls by touching >.... Answering or rejecting calls When you receive a phone call, the incoming call screen opens, displaying the caller ID or the information about the caller that you've entered in the Contacts app. You can answer or reject the call, or reject it with a text message. Answer a call When you receive a phone call, drag over.... Touch the contact icon in front of a number. Touch on the contact information tab. To add the number to an existing contact, touch a contact in the list. To add a new contact, touch Create new contact.. Using options during a call During a call, you will see a number of onscreen options. Touch an option to select it.  Touch to turn on or off the speaker.  Touch to mute or unmute your microphone.  Touch to switch to the keypad when you need to enter a code (for example, the PIN for your voicemail or.... NOTE: You can also drag over to reject the call and select a preset text message or edit one to send to the caller. To switch between two calls: Touch On hold at the bottom of the screen. Set up a conference call With this feature, you can talk to two people at the same time.. Edit quick response to rejected callers > > > (in the top search field) > 1. Touch a text message to edit it. Set voicemail > > > (in the top search field) > 1.. Enter a phone number or select one from the contact list. Forward incoming calls Call forwarding feature allows you to forward your incoming calls to another phone number. The blocked number is displayed in the list. NOTE: To unblock a number, touch next to the number and touch UNBLOCK.. Contacts You can add contacts on your phone and synchronise them with the contacts in your Google account or other accounts that support contact syncing. > > To see your contacts, touch. From there, you can touch the tabs on the top of the screen to quickly switch to favourite contacts.. Importing, exporting, and sharing contacts You can import/export contacts from/to your nano-SIM card, the phone storage or the microSD card. This is especially useful when you need to transfer contacts between different devices. You can also quickly share contacts using Messaging, Bluetooth, Android Beam (NFC), Gmail, Google Drive, etc.. Edit the file name if needed and touch SAVE to create the file. Share contacts > > and touch the ALL tab. Touch and hold the contact you want to share. Check more contacts if needed and then touch Share.. Edit the contact and touch Set a ringtone for a contact Assign a special ringtone to a contact, so you know who is calling when you hear the ringtone. Touch a contact you want to set a ringtone for and then touch 3.. Unlink contact information If contact information from different sources was linked in error, you can separate the information back into individual contacts on your phone. Touch a contact entry you have linked and want to separate, and then touch >.... Web accounts Adding or removing accounts You can add multiple Google accounts and Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync accounts. You may also add other kinds of accounts ® depending on the apps installed on your phone. Add an account > > Settings > Accounts > Add account. Sync manually > > Settings > Accounts. Touch the account category and then the account you want to sync. Or touch the types of information you want to sync. Change an account’s sync settings >.... Email in the home screen and select Email. Use it to Touch receive and send emails from your webmail or other accounts, using POP3 or IMAP, or access your Exchange ActiveSync account for your corporate email needs. Setting up the first email account 1.. Edit your message and touch Mark an email as unread You can return a read email to the unread state - for example, to remind yourself to read it again later. You can also mark a batch of emails as unread. Adding and editing email accounts Add an email account After setting up your first email account (see Setting up the first email account), you can add more email accounts and manage them separately. Open Email to get the Inbox screen. Messaging You can use Messaging to exchange text messages (SMS) and multimedia messages (MMS). Opening the Messaging screen > > Messaging. Touch The Messaging screen opens, where you can create a new message, search for messages, or open an ongoing message thread.. On the Messaging screen, touch the thread that has the message you want to reply to. Type your reply in the text box at the bottom or touch to add a picture, audio, video or other type file to the message.. Web browser Use Chrome to view web pages and search for information. Opening the browser > > Chrome to launch the web browser. Touch Chrome also opens when you touch a web link - for example, in an email or a text message. To open a web page or search the web: 1.. The downloaded files are saved to your phone. You can view or open them in the Downloads app. Changing Chrome settings You can configure a number of settings to customise the way you browse the web, including several that you can use to control your privacy.. Camera You can use your phone to take photos and record videos. Photos and videos are stored on the microSD card you have installed or in the phone storage. You can copy them to your computer or access them in the Gallery app. Number Function Use special photo or video camera modes including super night, slow exposure, slow motion, manual, multi-exposure, time lapse, and wide selfie. Use the filter to select a colour effect or other special effects. Switch between the front and back cameras. Switch among panorama camera, photo camera, and video camera modes.. Aim the camera at the subject. You can touch any area on the screen that you want the camcorder to focus on before and during recording. NOTE: You can spread or pinch on the screen to zoom in or out before and during recording.. Using other camera modes Besides capturing photos and videos in the traditional way, your camera app offers other powerful and interesting camera modes. Touch in the viewfinder screen to find them all.  SUPER NIGHT: Capture pictures in low-light environment. V gesture: Available for the front camera. When this  feature is enabled, the phone will take a photo automatically when you show the V gesture. Anti shake: Turn on the feature to reduce blurring  when taking a picture. Histogram: Turn on or off histogram, which can show .... Gallery Opening gallery Touch > > Gallery to view albums of your pictures and videos. Working with albums When you open Gallery, all pictures and videos on your phone are displayed in a number of albums. Touch Camera/Others or slide left or right to switch between the Camera album and other albums.. When viewing a picture in full screen, the following features are available.  Swipe horizontally to see more pictures or videos.  Pinch a picture or video to make it smaller. You'll then see a filmstrip-style view of all your pictures and videos in a row. Swipe left or right to scan through them all.. Apply filters and old photo effects. Crop, straighten, or flip (mirror) the picture. Adjust exposure, saturation, hue, sharpness, and other colour options. Add a frame to the picture. Decorate people in the picture with comical moustaches, eye glasses, hats and more. Apply a blur effect to the picture.. For GIF, you can adjust the speed, play order, image size,  or touch Advanced to change picture order or adjust each picture. For collage, touch Template, Freestyle, or Collage  and then select a frame, texture or layout. When you are satisfied with the final picture, touch save the GIF or the collage.. Music Touch > > Music to play audio files stored on your phone. Music supports a wide variety of audio formats, so it can play music you purchase from online stores, music you copy from your CD collection, and so on. Number Function Return to the music library. You can repeat the current track, repeat the current playlist, or turn off repeat. Playback control: Skip songs or pause and resume playback..  In My playlist section, touch a playlist to view its content. You can touch to add more songs to the playlist, or touch to select songs for removal from the playlist.. Video player Use the Video app to manage your video library and watch videos. Opening the video library > > Video to view your video library, where Touch your video files are displayed in a list. Swipe up or down to find the video you want. FM radio With the FM radio, you can search for radio channels, listen to them, and save them on your phone. Note that the quality of the radio broadcast depends on the coverage of the radio station in your area. The wired headset works as an antenna, so always connect the headset when using the radio.. Other options and settings To turn off FM radio automatically: > Auto off and select the time you want to turn off Touch the radio. A count-down clock appears above the frequency and the radio is turned off when the clock counts down to 0:00. To turn off FM radio immediately: >.... Recorder Recorder enables you to record voice memos and listen to them whenever you like. During recording, you can do the following: Touch to pause or continue the recording. More apps Calculator Touch > > Calculator to use the phone’s convenient built-in calculator for some basic as well as advanced mathematical equations. NOTE: Slide left while holding the phone upright, or hold the phone on its side, to access advanced buttons. Downloads The Downloads app keeps a record of the files you have downloaded using apps such as Chrome or Email. > > Downloads to check the record. Touch  Touch a file to open it with the appropriate applications.  Touch and hold a file to delete or share it, or get more options.. Select the security question and enter your answer, and then touch Done. NOTE: If you forget the pattern or password you set, you can reset it by entering the answer of the security question. If you have registered a fingerprint in your phone, the phone will prompt you to use your fingerprint to access Private Space.. Enter the lock pattern, password or fingerprint you set. Touch and set the following options. Security settings: Modify the lock pattern or password  you set. The pattern or password is used to access Private Space and the locked apps. Security question: Edit your security question and ....  Duo: Make a simple video calling which brings you face-to-face with all the people that matter most.  Fit: Make it easy to store, access, and manage your fitness data and help you measure and achieve fitness goals.  Gmail: Send and receive emails via your Gmail account or other personal email accounts.. The Settings app contains most Touch of the tools for customising and configuring your phone. At the top of the Settings screen, you can see setting suggestions. Touch to check or customise the recommended settings. You can also swipe right from the left edge of most setting screens to access the main settings quickly without going back to the main settings screen by screen..  Touch Billing cycle to set the reset date of the data usage cycle, and set mobile data warning and limit.  Touch Wi-Fi data usage to view the Wi-Fi usage of apps.  Touch Network restrictions to select Wi-Fi networks that are mobile hotspots.. Network settings reset > > Settings > More > Network settings Touch reset, touch RESET SETTINGS and follow the onscreen prompts to reset all network settings including Wi-Fi, mobile data and Bluetooth. Device Display > > Settings > Display to configure the Touch following options..  Double tap to wake: Double-tap on the screen to turn it on when the phone is in sleep mode.  Screen saver: Manage the screen saver function. When it is enabled, clock, photos or animations will be displayed as a screensaver..  Storage: Check its storage information, clear its data or cache.  Data usage: Check how much data has been used by the app during the time cycle you set and restrict background data for the app.  Permissions: Check or change the app permissions. select Phone or SD card to store items in the phone storage or the installed microSD card. Touch Internal shared storage to get a detailed breakdown of space usage by type. Touch a data type to see more information or delete the files you do not need, or touch Explore to view and manage all files in the storage.. NOTES:  Touch next to an account to configure its options.  When a guest user has finished using your phone, he/she can touch Remove guest in the Users menu to delete all his/her data from your phone.  Screen lock: Disable the screen lock or enable it with swipe, pattern, PIN, or password. See Protecting your phone with screen locks. beside Screen lock to set the following options. Touch Make pattern visible: Show the pattern as you draw it.  Unknown sources: Check this option to permit installation of apps from sources other than the Play Store.  Storage type: Check the credential storage type.  Trusted credentials: Display trusted CA certificates.  User credentials: View and modify stored credentials.  Spell checker: Use Google Spell Checker to check for spelling errors when entering text.  Personal dictionary: Add new words to the phone’s dictionary or remove words from the dictionary. The words you add are used for spelling check and word suggestion. System Date & time Touch > > Settings > Date & time to set date, time, time zone, and the time format. You can also use network-provided data. Scheduled power on/off > > Settings > Scheduled power on/off to Touch set the day and time when the phone automatically powers on or off.. Troubleshooting If you encounter problems while using the phone, or if it performs abnormally, you can refer to the chart below. If your particular problem cannot be resolved using the information in the chart, contact the dealer where you purchased the phone. Problem Possible causes Possible solution Your service provider does Unable to not support these features, Contact your select certain or you have not applied for service provider. features services that provide these features. The battery or battery Contact the dealer. Problem Possible causes Possible solution If you are not able to connect to the network, Change your the phone will continue to location to one send out signals as it where the network attempts to locate a base is accessible, or station.. Problem Possible causes Possible solution Disable this You have activated the Call feature. Cannot make outgoing Disable this You have activated the calls feature. See Fixed dialling numbers fixed dialling feature. If the service provider provides You have entered an.... Vodafone, Vodacom and the Vodafone logos are trade marks of Vodafone Group. Any product or company names mentioned herein may be the trade marks of their respective owners.. By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
Vodafone Smart V8 - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 ». John, 03 Feb 2018 Great all rounder. Has finger reader on back but won't read my finger... more Don't worry about finger print You can make another one.. Has finger reader on back but won't read my finger! Very fast responsive screen!. Battery is non-removable according to the manual.. Flannel, 04 Nov 2017 Yeah, you can. Jim, 18 Oct 2017 You can't send snap chats on this phone Yeah, you can.. Jim, 18 Oct 2017 You can't send snap chats on this phone Yeah, you can.. pb, 27 Sep 2017 not very compatible with Snapchat app. Anyone experience any issues? Phone navigation keys blo... more You can't send snap chats on this phone. I have this device for 3 months and it has proven to be a very decent smart phone. It is comparable to the Nokia 6 in performance with a newer chipset the 435. It is a smooth operating phone if not the fastest but it gets the job done no matter what it is used for. The screen is bright and the colours really pop. The 16MP rear and 8MP front cameras are very good and with plenty of manual controls and other photo options. It is all round a far superior device to last year's Ultra 7. If it were sold under any other brand name apart from Vodafone it would be a far more popular device. It is as good as any other lower end mid range phone on the market right now.. Smart Ultra 6 was a revelation, produced by the Chinese company ZTE. The Smart Ultra 7 was produced by Alcatel for economy reasons i suppose. Smart Ultra 8 (V8) produced once again by ZTE. It seems Vodafone learned its lesson. Ultra 8 - Pros: it's a Best Buy, responsive, 32 Gb ROM, 3Gb RAM, Fingerprint reader that works perfectly, superb design, contrast and color photos better than Ultra 6, photos of the subject in motion without streaks behind it, strong volume and bass much beter than Ultra 6. Cons: The pictures are a bit grainy, like the Sony Z1 that I owned before Ultra 6; In low light grains becomes upsetting; The On / Off button is uninspired placed on the left side. The Ultra 6's was on the right side right under the volume. If you turn it on the landscape mode, chances are very high that you will touch this button with your left hand's big thumb and close the device while playing a game or taking a picture. After 3 weeks, I'm still not used with it. Personally, I would have liked to have touch buttons outside the screen, underneath it as well as Ultra 6. So, it takes 2 steps: One to activate the virtual buttons bar and the second to push them. Besides that, the active screen gets smaller because of the 3 buttons bottom bar. It would be great if the next generation of Ultra, V9 or so, would have dual cam and IP68/69.. pb, 27 Sep 2017 not very compatible with Snapchat app. Anyone experience any issues? Phone navigation keys blo... more Have had no issues like that. not worth the money Vodafone is worth next to nothing if you sell it second hand. not very compatible with Snapchat app. Anyone experience any issues? Phone navigation keys block some of the snapchat function keys, especially when trying to send.. Love this phone but does it have a facility for answer phone? I.e. Can someone leave a message? Bought in Spain as live here but don't speak the language therefore the leaflet useless.. Its not very clear the Radio information, according to the voda shop and i know you should believe that its cat 6 so this or a p9 lite is their any other cheaper phone that does cat 6 im purchasing this phone when my EE mast goes 4g+ and allows you to use 2 xmitters. FYI: Vodafone Ireland very recently pushed an o.t.a. 'force' update that cannot be skipped or avoided in any way. That update kills double-tap to wake. It also causes problems with admin right, e.g. fingerprint unlock clashes with Arrow Launcher's double tab to lock feature. Worst of all: I tried 2 V8 devices, and both suffer from significantly poorer 3G/4G reception. Frequent dropped calls where, in 12 years with Vodafone, I never had a single dropped call. Oh, and bizarrely after the update certain Developers Options are enabled by default such as btsnoop hci logging. ALTHOUGH dev options are NOT visible in settings. Result: random and fairly chunky btsnoop_hci.log files - in one instance a 600MB (!!!) after a transfer of 5 ordinary jpegs. Since Vodafone Ireland probably didn't cook up the update, I wonder if UK handsets will have similar problems.. where do I buy this phone? Just looking at my options. why has the contact and messages aps disappeared from the front screen?. Bought this and unlocked on eBay, nice big multi color notification LED on it. Very fast and nice alternative to a Nokia 6. Smart V8 has the newer Snapdragon 435 also.. Pretty solid specs on this phone at the price.. Pages: 1 2 ». Total of 31 user reviews and opinions for Vodafone Smart V8 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart N8 Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Huawei P10 Lite Vodafone Smart ultra 7 Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017). Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8. 
Android News VIEW MORE Google Pixel HTC Huawei Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Android Auto Android India News Android Wear Android Pay Android Tablets Best Android Phones Android TV Android Updates Amazon Google News VIEW MORE Google Assistant Google Maps Google Photos Google Hangouts Google Play Google Translate Google Voice Google fi Google Nexus Google Chromebook Google Drive Google Home Google Pixel Google Nexus Tech News VIEW MORE VR Artificial Intelligence Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum 5G News IOT Samsung News VIEW MORE Samsung Pay Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S9 5G News Smart Home MWC Reviews Tech Deals More Shop Best Cell Phone Deals Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Reviews Giveaways News Tips Deals Join Our Team. UK Carriers Reveal Sony Xperia XZ2 Availability Details – MWC 2018. Sony Highlights Xperia XZ2 Selling Points On Video – MWC 2018. Huawei CEO: Only “Three To Four” Phone Vendors Can Survive – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Pre-Bookings Now Open In India. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018. Hands-On With Lenovo’s Education-Focused Chromebooks – MWC 2018. Lenovo Showcases 100e, 300e & 500e Chromebooks – MWC 2018. Touchpad Pinch-To-Zoom Support Coming To All Chromebooks. YouTube’s Hollywood Investments To Stay Flat By 2020: Report. DeepMind & VA Team Up With Hopes Of Fighting Kidney Problems. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018. Qualcomm’s mmWave 5G Demo Achieves 1.4Gbps Download Speeds – MWC 2018. Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Micron Debuts New 3D NAND Memory Chips For Android Flagships – MWC 2018. Accelleran Announces New Small Cells, Other 5G Solutions – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Pre-Bookings Now Open In India. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018. Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Music Playback Times Significantly Boosted – MWC 2018. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Best Fitness Trackers Buyers Guide – February 2018. Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview. UK Carriers Reveal Sony Xperia XZ2 Availability Details – MWC 2018. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. How To: Reinstall Pre-Redesign Snapchat App On Android. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018. Android News Close Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Close Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Close Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS Close ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry Close BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Close Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Close Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Close Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC Close HTC HTC Phones Huawei Close Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Close Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG Close LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Close Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Close Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Close Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus Close OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Close Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Close Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Close Sony Sony Phones Tech News Close Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones Close ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Close Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Android News Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC HTC HTC Phones Huawei Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Sony Sony Phones Tech News Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 – 02/25/18 Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018 GearBest Deal: 6GB RAM Xiaomi Mi 6 For $379.99 W/Coupon GearBest Deal: 8GB RAM OnePlus 5T For $629.99 W/Coupon Electronics Deals – Feb. 23, 2018: Amazon, Dell, Google Pixel & More. UK Carriers Reveal Sony Xperia XZ2 Availability Details – MWC 2018 Sony Highlights Xperia XZ2 Selling Points On Video – MWC 2018 Huawei CEO: Only “Three To Four” Phone Vendors Can Survive – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Pre-Bookings Now Open In India Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018 Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Cubot X18 Plus Review – A Slim Budget Device That Performs Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview Blackview BV9000 Pro Review – Rugged, Fast, Built to Last. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018 Qualcomm’s mmWave 5G Demo Achieves 1.4Gbps Download Speeds – MWC 2018 Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018 Best Sony Xperia XZ1 Accessories – February 2018 Best Bluetooth Wireless Headphones – February 2018. Best Android Apps – February 2018 Best Android Apps — Language Learning — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Pets — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Valentine’s Day — February 2018. ZTE VFD 710 Branded As Vodafone Smart V8 Certified By FCC. May 11, 2017 - Written By Mark Real. ZTE device bearing the model number VFD 710 has been tested and certified by the FCC. While the device is manufactured by the Chinese phone maker, it will be marketed as the Vodafone Smart V8 according to a user manual submitted to the FCC. Based on the submitted documents, the smartphone will have support for LTE, WCDMA, and GSM technologies, while internal photographs of the device show antennas for Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, and GPS. The phone also has an NFC adapter, the images reveal.. The smartphone seems to sport a metal back with plastic cutouts on the top and bottom for radio waves to pass through. Also found at the back are a single rear camera, a dual-LED flash, and a fingerprint scanner for biometric security. At the front, the Vodafone Smart V8 has a selfie camera which is accompanied by a proximity and light sensor, and an LED indicator. A volume rocker is located on the right side of the device while the power button is located on the left side with the nano SIM and microSD card tray. At the top of the device is a 3.5mm headphone jack and at the bottom is a standard microUSB port meant to be used for data transfers and charging. The microUSB port, according to the phone’s manual, supports USB-OTG. that can be used to connect USB peripherals to the device.. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway/ Contest, Enter Today!. Also included in the report are the internal images of the handset, which provide a few clues on the specifications of the Vodafone Smart V8. Based on the images, the smartphone will likely have a non-removable battery with a capacity of 3000mAh. It is also likely that the device will be powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon processor based on the markings found on the chipset, the inclusion of the Snapdragon logo in the manual, and the phone’s support for Quick Charge 2.0. The handset will also have 32GB of internal flash storage and may be available in single-SIM and dual-SIM configurations. The version of the Android operating system installed on the phone is not stated but it might be running Android 7.0 Nougat due to the presence of a split-screen mode that’s mentioned in the documentation published by the FCC.. Deal: Amazon Dash Buttons On Sale for $1.99 (Plus $5 Credit) – 5/11/17. Micromax Unveils Canvas 2 (2017) In India With 3GB Of RAM. Android News , Android Phones , Carriers , ZTE. Source: Federal Communications Commission. Samsung Announces AI, AR-Focused Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus – MWC 2.... MWC 2018’s most notable announcement has just taken place with Samsung hosting its event and introducing its latest flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S9. This is the first major smartphone to come through from Samsung in 2018 and akin to recent Galaxy S launches, Samsung has unveiled two models: the standard Galaxy S9 and the […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need T.... Mobile World Congress 2018 officially starts tomorrow for when they open the show floor up to attendees at the conference center, but today was the press day full of conferences from some of the biggest manufacturers like Nokia and Samsung, with those two being the most notable. Nokia of course revealed some pretty big details […]. Speck Has Eight Cases For Samsung’s New Galaxy S9 Devices –.... Speck has now announced its own protective cases for the brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, which were revealed today at MWC 2018 in Barcelona. There are 8 cases in total in the new lineup. Those range in price from around $39.95 to just shy of $60 and there are several designs […]. T-Mobile Left Customer Session Vulnerable Again In December. T-Mobile apparently suffered the effects of a previously unreported vulnerability several months ago which would have allowed hackers to log into the site as any one of the company’s subscribers. In fact, the bug was reportedly noted back on December 19 and, according to a statement released by the service provider, was fixed within hours […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are both finally official, and they bring lots of new stuff to the table. Spec wise both are running the latest Snapdragon 845 chipset in the US or the Exynos 9810 internationally, and both feature at least 64GB of internal storage with microSD card support. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus launch appear to have gone off without a hitch but when asked about the company’s long-rumored folding smartphone – tentatively, the Galaxy X – the company is reportedly still not talking, according to CEO DJ Koh who responded to questions about the device during the launch at MWC […]. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MW.... The newly unveiled Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are officially up for pre-order at a growing number of carriers and Vodafone in the UK is another provider which joins that list. Perhaps the most anticipated flagship to be shown at this year’s MWC 2018 event, the devices will be available in three distinct […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Along with the Galaxy S9, Samsung also debuted the Galaxy S9 Plus at Mobile World Congress today, in Barcelona. We got a change to experience it in their “Experience Zone” after the show, and it’s a mighty fine piece of hardware. It is actually a bit more different from its smaller brother this year, other […]. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 –.... Amazon’ Fire TV Stick is one of the better media streaming devices if you want something that gives you access to just about all your favorite movies and TV shows, as it connects you to a world of content from popular services and lets you stream that content right on the TV or monitor that […]. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. EE has now confirmed it is already accepting pre-orders for the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus in the UK. Along with that confirmation EE has provided basic pricing details which vary depending on the plan chosen. For example, those looking to take advantage of EE’s “Essential”plan (4GB data, unlimited talk and text) can pick […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need To Know. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung just took the wraps off of two new smartphones, here at Mobile World Congress. Which include the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. Surprisingly, there is a lot more in terms of differences this year, than just the screen sizes. The smaller, Galaxy S9, has just one camera on the backside. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018.... O2 Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus pre-orders have gone live, and are currently ready for those looking to place their orders as soon as possible. O2 says the pre-orders are available online but it doesn’t state that they’re not available in O2 retail stores, so anyone looking to place those orders in person may […]. Sprint Confirms March 16 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Launch –.... Sprint is set to officially launch the Galaxy S9 on March 16 alongside the Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung’s newest phones which it just unveiled today during Mobile World Congress at the Galaxy Unpacked press conference. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were originally thought to be coming to market as Samsung’s most expensive phones […]. Video: T-Mobile Unboxes Samsung Galaxy S9 On The “Moon”. T-Mobile Product Marketing official Desmond Smith is back with his series of extreme smartphone unboxing videos but is doing things a bit differently for Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. While the setting of his latest unboxing is still unconventional, it’s far less adrenaline-inducing than the environments featured in previous installments of his long-running […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – M.... Samsung held its MWC 2018 event today where the Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus were both formally announced. The event focused quite heavily on the camera features on offer with these phones, and at both the hardware and software levels. What was largely absent from the event, however, was any detailed talk on virtual reality […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are now official and available for pre-order. It’ll be arriving shortly, and now is the time to go ahead and pick up some accessories for your new smartphone. Whether that be a new case, a screen protector, maybe some headphones or even a car mount. Motorola’s New Ad Seems Like Subtle Dig At Competing OEMs. At just 16-seconds in length, Motorola’s latest brand advertisement appears to make no qualms about what the company sees as a common issue in the mobile industry. In fact, it could easily be seen as an indirect dig at some of the Lenovo-owned company’s larger competitors, such as Samsung or Apple. Samsung Outs SmartThings App For Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Major OEM Samsung is not only announcing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus today, but also a new version of the dedicated SmartThings app that will release alongside the new flagships and allow them to act in full capacity as users’ IoT hubs. Along with being able to use all the features of the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts ‘Refined’ Screen, ‘Cinematic’ Audio.... Samsung has revealed how its recently announced Galaxy S9 lineup improves upon the Infinity Display that debuted with last year’s Galaxy S8 series. The South Korean company’s latest flagships improve upon their predecessors in a number of areas, with the. camera and AI features being the main focus. Galaxy S9 Camera Features Better Slow-Mo, Bixby Integration. Samsung is kicking off its time at this year’s Mobile World Congress by outing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus in a series of focused looks at different aspects of the phone, and the camera in particular brings a ton of new features and improvements, such as Super Slow-Mo and deeper integration with the […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Galaxy S9 Combines Iris & Face Scanning, Simplifies Security.... With Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus now officially revealed at MWC 2018, the company has continued the rollout of related product information, specifically highlighting the security features of the two flagships. The firm has unsurprisingly continued to bolster and improve the implementation of its already well-known Knox feature for enterprise and personal users […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Starts At $960 CAD Unlocked In Canada. The unlocked variant of the Galaxy S9 will start at $960 CAD in Canada, whereas the Galaxy S9 Plus will be priced at $1,100 CAD.. Consumers looking to acquire the new devices on a contract will be met with an upfront fee of $249 CAD for the Galaxy S9 and $379 CAD for the Galaxy […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Xfinity Mobile March 16 –.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will come to Xfinity Mobile on March 16 just as with the other carriers in the U.S. and with Samsung’s own online store. Xfinity Mobile customers will be able to get up to $450 off the price of either phone when utilizing a coupe of promotions that […]. Samsung Shares Insights Into 9 New Galaxy S9 Features – MWC.... Tying in with its MWC 2018 reveal of the new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung has now released a new set of hands-on videos showing off 9 of those flagships’ best features. Those, of course, include an overview of the overall design refinements made on top of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy […]. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Powers Samsung Galaxy S9 US Models –.... Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 845 chip is set to power the U.S. variants of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, the chipmaker confirmed Sunday, shortly after Samsung officially announced its latest Android flagships. Gigabit LTE and UHD Premium video recording boasted by the newly unveiled devices are directly enabled by the Snapdragon 845, Qualcomm claims. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. AT&T To Launch Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9 Plus March 16 From $790.... AT&T is set to launch the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus on March 16 from $790, which will be the cost of the Galaxy S9, while the Galaxy S9 Plus will be quite a bit more for a retail cost of $915. As to exact pricing, AT&T will be offering both phones on the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus are now official having been introduced by Samsung today during the company’s MWC 2018 event. Along with the announcement, Samsung has provided some details regarding general – specific to US consumers – pricing and availability. For example, and while prices will vary somewhat if purchased through a carrier, […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Verizon March 16 – MWC 20.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus come to Verizon Wireless on March 16, which is just a few short weeks away. Samsung officially announced the two new phones, its latest flagships, at its Galaxy Unpacked press conference today during Mobile World Congress, showcasing the latest and greatest that it has to offer and […]. T-Mobile Galaxy S9 Hits March 16, Pre-Orders Start March 2 –.... T-Mobile’s Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will launch on March 16 with pre-orders beginning on march 2, following Samsung’s official announcement of the device today at its Galaxy Unpacked event during Mobile World Congress 2018. The carrier will sell three of the four colors that Samsung has produced including the Midnight Black, Coral […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts AR Emoji, Better Biometrics & More.... Samsung on Sunday officially announced the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus following months of anticipation and rumors, having revealed its most capable Android flagships to date. Beyond boasting about their raw processing power, the South Korean phone maker also spent a lot of time talking about various special features of its new series, and […]. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – M.... Samsung had introduced its new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, earlier today, and along with the announcement itself, the company shared some availability info for the two phones. It was announced that the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will go on sale on March 16 in ‘select markets’, while no […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Camera Has Record-Wide & Variable Aperture.... Samsung on Sunday announced its latest Android flagships following much anticipation, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. While the smartphones are arguably offering incremental upgrades over their predecessors in most aspects, they are promising to deliver […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were announced earlier today in Barcelona, we’ve already talked about both of those phones, and took a closer look at the Galaxy S9’s specs, so it’s time to do the same for the Galaxy S9 Plus. Before we start talking about specs, though, it’s worth noting that […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Messages App Uses Tenor GIF Search Engine.... The default Samsung Messages app pre-installed on the newly announced Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will feature native support for GIF search engine Tenor, the two companies said Sunday. The same feature will also be distributed to other Samsung-made devices once it debuts on the Galaxy S9 lineup, with Tenor confirming the rollout will […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung introduced its new flagship smartphones today,. the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, and despite the fact they look almost identical, they do ship with somewhat different spec sheets, so we’re here to take a closer look at what the Galaxy S9 has to offer in that regard. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Uses Galaxy S8 Battery More Efficiently –.... Samsung announced the latest additions to its Android flagship portfolio, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus earlier today. The two devices sport the same Infinity Display AMOLED panels as their predecessors and are similar in terms of their overall physical footprint, thus also featuring Li-Ion batteries similar […]. Nokia Commits Most Future Smartphones To Android One – MWC 2.... Nokia is committing most future smartphones to Android One according to the company, which just announced the changes for its smartphone lineups going forward at Mobile World Congress 2018 during its press conference. Worth noting is that it will have some phones that will be part of the Android Go program as well, but save […]. Nokia 6 (2018) With Android One & Nokia 8110 4G Now Official.... HMD Global took to this year’s iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce five new devices, including a revised version of the Nokia 6 (2018) which originally launched in China early last month. The new model that’s now coming to the West is being released as part of Google’s Android One program meant to showcase […]. Nokia 8 Sirocco Android One Smartphone Announced With SD835.... HMD Global announced five smartphones during its MWC 2018 press conference, and one of those smartphones is the Nokia 8 Sirocco. This handset has been leaking for quite some time now, and the Nokia 8 Sirocco is actually both the most powerful and most expensive device HMD announced today. This is one of two Nokia-branded, […]. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds –.... ZTE arrived at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce a plethora of new products and showcase multiple hi-tech solutions, including its prototype of a 5G-ready smartphone. While the company already managed to break the gigabit mark last year, its latest invention supports download speeds of up to 1.2Gbps, with ZTE describing it […]. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – MWC 2018. Get your app reviewd by our editorial staff. Let us know your insider tip. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. I am so honoured to bring the first look and unboxing of the brand new Vodafone Smart V8 which is Vodafone's flagship model for 2017 Can it compare to Vodafone Platinum 7 which blew me away last year, lets see. 👀👀👀 Basic Specs Android 7.1 Octa core 3GB ram 5.5in display 16mp rear Finger print sensor Let me know what you think leave a comment below. _____________________________________________________ Our Social Bubble Youtube www.youtube.com/c/techtalkuk1 Twitter https://twitter.com/TechTalkUK1 Website www.techtalks.uk Instagram https://www.instagram.com/techtalkuk/ ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- If you would like to get in touch this is our email address and if you have a product that you wish for me to review on our channel please also use the email below. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Vodafone Smart V8 review: Great Price, Mid-range Specs. How to insert sim and SD card into Vodafone Smart V8. Vodafone Smart V8 Budget Android Smartphone. Vodafone Smart V8 - Hands On & Impressions!. Vodafone Smart V8 Review: A worthwhile upgrade. Vodafone Smart N8 Review + Camera & Audio Review. Vodafone Smart N8: unboxing and first impression. Honor 6A vs Vodafone Smart V8. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... BEAUTIFUL vodafone smart v8 review. Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 review: Still one of the best budget phones?. Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 - Review: Can it compete with the more expensive?. Vodafone Smart V8 Unboxing & Hands-on Review. Vodafone Smart N8 Unboxing & Hands-on Review. Vodafone Smart V8 - Specs 2017. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Sections Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV News Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All News Reviews Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All Reviews Buyer's guides Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All Buyer's guides. Vodafone Smart V8 review: A new budget smartphone champion?. Home > Phones >. Phone reviews > Vodafone phone reviews. 4.5 stars - Pocket-lint recommended. In the Smart V8, Vodafone has managed launch a phone which costs just £160, and yet looks and feels like a much more expensive device. Very impressive design for the price. All-day battery life and quick charging times. Several pre-installed Vodafone apps can get in the way. The best budget phones 2018: cheap phones for under £200. Which is the best mid-range phone under £400?. 155 x 76 x 7.9mm; 166g. Pocket-lint Pocket-lint Vodafone Smart V8 review: Sharp screen. 1920 x 1080 Full HD resolution (401ppi). Pocket-lint Vodafone Smart V8 review: Efficient software with some extras. 1/6 Pocket-lint Pocket-lint Vodafone Smart V8 review: Rough with the smooth. 32GB storage, no microSD card slot. Pocket-lint Vodafone Smart V8 review: Staying power. Pocket-lint Vodafone Smart V8 review: Picture perfect. The race to become budget champion is on, as it has been for a few years now. As each year rushes through in this era of fast-paced change, there's never been a better time to look for an affordable smartphone. Many will point you towards Honor or Moto brands when it comes to bang for your buck, but Vodafone has quietly slipped a genuine contender into the mix.. As the name suggests, this is for Vodafone customers only, but if you're one of those (or are thinking of becoming one) and are on a tight budget, then you can get a great smartphone for just £160. Is it the new budget phone champion?. As manufacturing processes get faster, more efficient and more mainstream, companies can get hold of parts for prices that were impossible just a a few years ago. Nowhere is this more true than in smartphone design. The Smart V8 uses materials and processes you'd only have seen on expensive phones in the past. Its brushed metal finish and polished chamfered edges give it the appearance of a phone that should cost a lot more.. We like the look a lot, while the feel in hand is of a phone that's solid and well made. The frame feels firm; not like a thin and hollow metal case, either, despite not being hewn from a solid block of metal.. You'll see where Vodafone has saved some money on the phone's rear. Instead of it being entirely metal, there are two textured plastic panels - one at the top, the other at the bottom - where the colour doesn't match the metal. We've seen plenty of phones where there's been an attempt to perfectly match the colour and finish of the metal to plastic components, which typically looks cheap and obvious. With the Smart V8, this added texture and contrasting colour actually looks good.. It's on the back where you'll also find the protruding camera, which is sat inside a shiny metal ring to the centre. To the right is a dual-tone LED flash (something else you don't find on cheap phones normally). There's also a fingerprint scanner about a centimetre beneath that, recessed slightly, encircled by a chamfered surround.. Attention to detail should be commended too. The Micro-USB port on the bottom edge is flanked by two symmetrical sets of pill-shaped holes acting as grilles for the loudspeaker and microphone.. The left edge is where you'll find the power/sleep button. It's unusual to have it placed on the left, but it's still low enough down the edge that it's easy to reach with either your left hand thumb or your right index finger. The SIM tray lives just above it. The volume is on the right edge and, like the power button, has an attractive design featuring shiny, angled edges.. The V8 is a simple but attractive phone, with branding kept to a minimum. There is a Vodafone logo, but without the penned company name - only a small print "Designed by Vodafone" above the usual regulatory certification logos.. Full HD is now the norm in a smartphone, everywhere except the bottom end of the market, where you're more likely to see a 720p screen. So it's a grand surprise to find a Full HD screen on the Smart V8.. brings it right up to Moto G5 Plus territory, except the G5 Plus has a slightly smaller screen and costs more than £100 extra.. Perhaps its nearest competition, price wise, is something like the Honor 6A , which has a smaller, lower resolution screen. Could it be, then, that in the display stakes, the V8 is a new budget champion?. Looking at the IPS LCD display - which works out as an impressive 401 pixels per inch - you could be fooled for thinking you're looking at a high-end phone's display. same-resolution panel on the iPhone 7 Plus and you'll notice that the V8's colour accuracy isn't quite as good. It'll often show cream/off-white colours as quite a cool, over-brightened white, and this affects the other colours too.. In all, that translates to a view that isn't quite as natural, and can be a tiny bit contrasty and harsh. But such effect is only minimal. When you remember how much the V8 costs, it's still a very impressive screen. The fact that we had to pick up the iPhone 7 Plus to see how it compared shows you just how good it is.. Being a Vodafone device means you get a selection of pre-installed apps on the V8. Some of these are more useful than others. There are the Call+ and Message+ apps which tap into Vodafone's advanced calling and messaging options.. Call+ allows you to let the recipient know the reason for your call before making it, add your current location, include photos and videos as well as switching seamlessly to a video call. You can also send messages or voice notes after having conversations.. Message+ makes use of RCS (Rich Communication Services) to send instant messages to other users with the service up and running. It also sends regular SMS and MMS messages to those who don't have the service. All within that one single app.. There's also the My Vodafone account management app installed for checking your bills and allowances. Which makes a lot of sense.. The less useful apps include Accessories, which just takes you to Vodafone's online accessory store portal. Thankfully, you can uninstall this one, as well as the Tips app, which could be very useful to a first-time Android user. You can't, however, remove the Vodafone Start app, which is essentially just a selection of quick links to various parts of Vodafone's website.. If you're very knowledgeable about Android then you may spot that the Android 7.1.1 Nougat - which is the latest version of Google's operating system - doesn't offer a totally default interface.. One minor downside is that the V8. doesn't come with the Google Pixel-style launcher by default. Instead, the app drawer - where all your apps are located - is launched by tapping the drawer icon, rather than dragging it up from the bottom from the screen.. The app icons aren't all circular, either, rather a mix of circle, square and custom shapes - just like Android of last year. It's not that it's drastically outdated, the V8 just does things in a slightly different way, but it's still largely accessible. However, it does feature the important Nougat changes, such as the ability to change the display resolution and font size, to make icons and text bigger or smaller.. Overall, the V8 offers up-to-date software with a few of its own tweaks that aren't too imposing. Which is the way things should be.. If there's one area where the Smart V8 shows it's a budget phone more clearly than others that, it's in performance.. Depending what you're doing, it's a real case of Jeckyll and Hyde.. It uses the Snapdragon 435 platform which - for those not in the know - is part of Qualcomm's lower end chipset family. Despite that, for general day-to-day tasks like messaging, browsing the web and checking in on your social network feeds, it performs adequately enough. It's smooth, even if it isn't lightning quick. Things tend to take a little longer to load than they would on a much more expensive phone. We noticed its limitations most during gaming, or when downloading apps and games with big files from the Play Store. They took a long time compared to what we're used to from a higher-end device. Waiting more than 30 seconds for each level to load in Hitman Sniper, where it should only take 5-10 seconds, was a bit frustrating. Waiting a few seconds longer for web pages wasn't as headache-inducing, but still noticeable.. The worst element of the performance, however, is downloading content. It takes ages, because it doesn't offer high-end Wi-Fi connectivity of dual/quad antenna channels. As an example: the Hitman Sniper game took 20 minutes to download. Ok, so it's around 543MB in size, but it still downloads within one minute. using the OnePlus 5 on exactly the same Wi-Fi network. Even the initial 109MB download for Angry Birds 2 took a few minutes, when it should really take seconds.. The thing is, unless you're going to be doing lots of gaming, or downloading lots of heavyweight files, you likely won't even notice that it's a slow download performer. What's more, if you've never owned an all-powerful flagship phone , you will be plenty happy with the V8 and none the wiser.. The Smart V8 comfortably got to the end of a day with some battery life remaining. We wouldn't want to risk taking it through to a second day, because it just wouldn't make it. On a normal day with what we would class as regular use, the V8's battery life was around the 30. per cent mark by bed time. Heavy users with lots should still comfortably make it through a full day too.. The Smart V8 isn't quite up to the standards of OnePlus' Dash Charge or QC 3.0 with its refuelling speed, but the included charger is capable of refilling the battery back up to 100 per cent, from single digits, within 90 minutes. The 16-megapixel camera on the back of the Smart V8 is, again, one of those elements that doesn't compare well to the pricy flagship smartphones. But, again, the V8 is not an expensive smartphone, so its results are pretty good based on its affordable price tag.. In good daylight, the V8 can capture shots that aren't at all embarassing to share on social media. For the most part photos are natural looking, even if they are a tiny bit fuzzy. As soon as light dips, the image noise comes. Autofocus is relatively quick when you press the shutter button too. However, it does sometimes have a hard time with close-up objects, particularly if there's contrasting light in the background - the same can be said of the Moto G5 , though - while moving subjects tend to mean blurry results, because the V8 doesn't counter such situations with a faster shutter speed.. It's the feature list that makes the V8's camera enjoyable though. It has a selection of shooting modes, including a multi-exposure option which lets you overlay two photos on top of or next to eachother, depending on which style of multi-exposure you want. We tested a couple, but mostly the "brightness" option, which combines two shots, showing only the parts from the second photo that are brighter than the darker subjects in the first photo. Also featured is slow-motion video, timelapse, slow exposure (for those times you want light trails), Super Night mode (for better night time shots) and the full manual mode which lets you adjust white balance, exposure, ISO sensitivity, shutter speed and focus as you please.. Alternatives to consider Pocket-lint Honor 6A Pocket-lint Motorola Moto G5. In the Smart V8, Vodafone has managed to launch a phone that costs just £160, yet one which looks and feels like a much more expensive device. We'd not bat an eyelid if the price was closer to £250.. There are elements which show that it is indeed a budget phone, however, like the processor choice and camera performance, but for the asking price it's a very accomplished device.. Simply put, if £160 is right at the top of your budget, you'll not find anything better than the Smart V8, or anything that's closer to being an all-round great device. You can only buy one if you're ok to be tied to Vodafone, but with other carriers not offering anything like this, that's not necessarily a bad thing at all.. The Honor 6A is the Huawei subsidiary's latest budget smartphone, costing £10 less than the Smart V8. It's not quite as premium looking, and doesn't have a full HD screen, but it is smaller, which might suit a few consumers more than the 5.5-inch Vodafone device. Sadly, there's no fingerprint scanner here, but the battery should last longer given the lower resolution, smaller display.. Honor 6A preview: The best £150 phone choice?. It costs £10 more than the Smart V8,. but is undoubtedly the phone to go for if you want a smaller 5-inch screen as cheap as possible. It's full HD, 5-inches and runs a very clean version of Android. What's more, it has a fingerprint sensor and supports every UK carrier, you won't be locked down to Vodafone.. Moto G5 review: If price is everything, this is the budget phone to buy. Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest from Samsung, Sony, Nokia, Huawei, Moto and more at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus initial review: Shooting for mid-range glory. Nokia 8 Sirocco initial review: The high-end Nokia looking to steal Samsung's crown. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+: Everything you need to know. Sony Xperia XZ2 initial review: HDR-shooting, vibration-producing, serious Sony flagship. Samsung Galaxy S9 initial review: A refined evolution. Sony MWC 2018 press conference: How to watch it live. This is the new Nokia 8110. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact initial review: Potent little package. Xperia XZ2 rethinks Sony Mobile design, brings 4K HDR video capture to the smartphone party. 2003 - 2018 © Pocket-lint Limited PO Box 4770, Ascot, SL5 5DP. England and Wales company registration number 5237480.. 
Home › Vodafone › Smart V8 Vodafone Smart V8 - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Vodafone Smart V8 List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Vodafone Smart V8 Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR. Dimensions : 76 x 156 x 7.99 mm Weight : 166 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 MSM8940 CPU : 4x 1.4 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.1 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, Cores : 8 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 505 RAM : 3 GB, 800 MHz Storage : 32 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5.5 in, IPS, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3000 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 7.1.1 Nougat Camera : 4608 x 3456 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.2 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Vodafone Model Smart V8 Model alias VFD-710 Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 76 mm (millimeters) 7.6 cm (centimeters) 0.25 ft (feet) 2.99 in (inches) Height 156 mm (millimeters) 15.6 cm (centimeters) 0.51 ft (feet) 6.14 in (inches) Thickness 7.99 mm (millimeters) 0.8 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.31 in (inches) Weight 166 g (grams) 0.37 lbs (pounds) 5.86 oz (ounces) Volume 94.73 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 5.75 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Gray Body materials Plastic Metal SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Nano-SIM (4FF - fourth form factor, since 2012, 12.30 x 8.80 x 0.67 mm) Number of SIM cards 1 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE 700 MHz (B28) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS Class 33 (107 kbit/s ) HSPA+ LTE Cat 6 (51.0 Mbit/s , 301.5 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 7.1.1 Nougat System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 MSM8940 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU 4x 1.4 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.1 GHz ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8 CPU cores 8 CPU frequency 1400 MHz (megahertz) GPU Qualcomm Adreno 505 RAM capacity 3 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 800 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 32 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5.5 in (inches) 139.7 mm (millimeters) 13.97 cm (centimeters) Width 2.7 in (inches) 68.49 mm (millimeters) 6.85 cm (centimeters) Height 4.79 in (inches) 121.76 mm (millimeters) 12.18 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Pixel density 401 ppi (pixels per inch) 157 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 70.56 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Fingerprint Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Aperture f/2.0 Flash type Dual LED Image resolution 4608 x 3456 pixels 15.93 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Image resolution 3264 x 2448 pixels 7.99 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS GLONASS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.2 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering NFC VoLTE Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AAC+ / aacPlus / HE-AAC v1 AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) AMR-WB (Adaptive Multi-Rate Wideband, .awb) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MKV (Matroska Multimedia Container, .mkv .mk3d .mka .mks) MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) WebM WMV (Windows Media Video, .wmv) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 3000 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Polymer Features Non-removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (USA) 0.678 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (USA) 1.377 W/kg (watts per kilogram). Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. This SAR rating shows the maximum level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation taken when the device is placed next to the ear. The applicable limit for the US is 1.6 W/kg per 1 g of tissue. In the US the FCC tests and sets the SAR limits for all mobile devices, which are controlled by the CTIA.. The SAR body rating shows the maximum level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation when the device is positioned against the body at the hip. The highest SAR value of mobile devices allowed in the US is set to 1.6 W/kg per 1 g of tissue. It is specified by the FCC and the CTIA follows whether the mobile devices comply with this standard.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 76 x 156 x 7.99 mm Weight : 166 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 MSM8940 CPU : 4x 1.4 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.1 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, Cores : 8 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 505 RAM : 3 GB, 800 MHz Storage : 32 GB Display : 5.5 in, IPS, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 3000 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 7.1.1 Nougat Camera : 4608 x 3456 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Sign up for our daily newsletter. Toggle menus Toggle search. Home Mobiles Tablets PCs Laptops Cameras Games Appliances TVs Wearables Printers Software Accessories Networks Storage Video Cameras. Latest deals Coffee machines Broadband PC Performance Sky Soundbox Nintendo Switch Baby products Newsletter. You are here: Home Vodafone Vodafone Smart V8 review: The £159 Moto G5 rival. Vodafone Smart V8 review: The £159 Moto G5 rival. facebook twitter google+ email Comments. At £159, the Smart V8 is a fantastic budget phone with a good camera and a rear-mounted fingerprint reader. Camera isn’t brilliant in low light. Vodafone Smart V8 review: What you need to know Vodafone Smart V8 review: Price and competition Vodafone Smart V8 review: Design and build quality Vodafone Smart V8 review: Display Vodafone Smart V8 review: Software Vodafone Smart V8 review: Performance Vodafone Smart V8 review: Camera ^ Without HDR enabled, colours have a dark look to them and clouds are lost in the sky ^ With HDR enabled, the image is a lot more vibrant and more accurately represents the scene at hand Vodafone Smart V8 review: Verdict. Vodafone is on a spree of new phone releases at the moment and the Vodafone Smart V8 is the most expensive and powerful addition to the 2017 lineup. At £159, though, it’s still very reasonably priced, though, and on paper, it offers an attractive roster of specifications.. READ NEXT: Best budget phones to buy in 2017. For such a paltry sum you’re getting an awful lot of phone: the phone comes with a Full HD, 5.5in display, an octa-core Snapdragon 435 processor, a rear-mounted fingerprint reader and a 16-megapixel camera. Plus it’s beautifully well-made for a phone this cheap.. The 5.5in size might put off a few who may prefer to wield their phone one handed. It has neither the best battery life nor the best performance but it is a very, very decent alternative to the main-brand opposition.. The Smart V8 costs £159 from Vodafone on PAYG and is quite a step up from the other Vodafone handsets we’ve reviewed previously (the Smart N8 at £85 , the Smart E8 at £49 and last year’s Prime 7 at £59 , which is now approaching end-of-life).. Its main rivals are the Moto G5 from £165 , the G4 from £150 , Nokia 3 from £130 and the new Honor 6A from around £145 ; there’s also the Lenovo P2, which is the best budget smartphone for under £200, although finding one is a challenge. At the time of writing, it can be found for £176 through Gearbest .. READ NEXT: Vodafone Smart E8 review: It’s cheap but is it any good?. At £159, I’d expect a more premium build than Vodafone’s lower end handsets, and the Smart V8 doesn’t disappoint. Manufactured by Chinese smartphone specialist, ZTE for Vodafone, its metal unibody design makes it look and feel more like a flagship phone than one that costs less than £200. The only anomalies are the odd, textured plastic panels at the top and bottom of the phone’s rear. Still, these do add some extra grip.. Best budget smartphone 2018: The TOP cheap phones to buy in 2018. Moto G5 review: The King is dead, but the Moto G5S salvages its reputation. With a large 5.5in display up front, the V8 isn’t small. It measures 155mm in length, is 76mm wide and is 9.7mm thick. It’s reasonably hefty, too, at 166g, although that isn’t a huge amount heavier than most 5.5in smartphones so you’ll probably not notice the difference in your pocket.. Also at the front is an LED notification light and an 8-megapixel selfie camera. The volume rocker is located on the right-hand edge, while the power button is located on the left next to the nano-SIM and microSD card tray. The latter lets you add up to 128GB on top of the phone’s 32GB internal storage. The phone’s 3.5mm headphone jack is at the top and it has a micro-USB port at the bottom (no USB Type-C here).. Around the back is a 16-megapixel camera with a dual-LED flash and a circular fingerprint reader; I prefer this positioning to putting the reader on the front, but it does mean you have to pick up the phone to unlock it, which is occasionally irritating.. On the negative side, it’s not possible to swap out the 3,000mAh. battery due to the phone’s unibody chassis and the there’s no dust or water resistance.. READ NEXT: Alcatel Pixi 4 (5) review: How good can a £59 smartphone be?. The Vodafone V8 has a 5.5in Full HD (1,920 x 1,080) LTPS IPS display, which results in a pixel density of 404ppi. This is slightly lower than its rivals, such as the 5in Moto G5 , which sits at 441ppi but still perfectly sharp. Unlike the cheaper Smart N8 and E8, the V8 has an oleophobic coating, which makes it easier to clean and prevents smudges from appearing.. And it’s a ridiculously bright screen, too. I measured it at 529 cd/m2 max brightness with the office our colorimeter, a figure that puts it up there with the best flagship smartphones around and means the phone will be viewable in the brightest of conditions. By comparison, the Moto G5 Plus achieves a 401cd/m2 maximum brightness, while the Lenovo P2 achieves only 326cd/m2.. Contrast is impressive as well, with a measured ratio of 1,717:1 and, in general, colours appear both vibrant and well balanced, although at 86.4% coverage of the sRGB colour gamut, the screen doesn’t look quite as punchy as the AMOLED display on the Lenovo P2 .. READ NEXT: Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review - a £75 bargain. Vodafone maintains a largely vanilla installation of Android across the full range of its smartphones and the Smart V8 is no different. It runs Android 7.1.1 Nougat out the box, has no annoying launcher or skin to get in the way and only a small handful of Vodafone apps are pre-installed.. It runs Android mostly smoothly as well, helped along by an octa-core 1.4 GHz Snapdragon 435 processor, while 3GB of RAM provides enough headroom for your multitasking needs. Pitted against its competitors, the Smart V8 is on-par with the Moto G5 but is outpaced by the Lenovo P2.. ^ Vodafone Smart V8: Geekbench 4. None of the budget phones I’ve come across is able to cope with graphically intense games and the Smart V8 is no exception. It’s a little faster than most sub-£100 phones, though, achieving 8fps in the Manhattan 3.0 benchmark and roughly equivalent to the Moto G5 ’s 7fps. Casual games like Candy Crush work without any hitches, though.. ^ Vodafone Smart V8: Battery life. It lasted 11hrs 9mins in our video rundown test and should last a day’s worth of medium usage. If you’re a heavy user or a Pokemon Go fanatic you’ll need to carry around a power bank or top throughout the day. By comparison, the Moto G5 achieved 11hrs 51mins in the same test, but it’s the Lenovo P2 that leads the way with a staggering 28hrs 50mins.. READ NEXT: Alcatel Pop 4 review: Promises much but fails to deliver. The Smart V8 has a 16-megapixel camera shooter on the rear, which captures accurate colours and plenty lot of detail. If you’re shooting landscape scenes I’d suggest turning on HDR, since without it images look dull and lack detail in the shadows.. In comparison to the Moto G4 and Moto G5 , the Smart V8 is able to capture a lot more detail. Images are sharper and its colour reproduction is more accurate. However, without HDR enabled, the V8’s images are much darker than the ones captured on both the G4 and G5 - they aren’t hindered with a dark tint, which negatively affects the image quality.. In the sample photograph below, the white coloured van looks grey and the owners of the vehicle can barely be made out. The brickwork on the building on the left-hand side has a dark tint, which results in an inaccurate representation of the sunny conditions.. With HDR enabled, colours are more accurate, the clouds in the sky have more definition, the green foliage at the foreground is vibrant, the owners of the van at the bottom left-hand side and their vehicle’s colour can now be distinguished, and the brickwork on the buildings in the background and on the left-hand side aren’t over-dark.. In low light, however, the sensor doesn’t perform as well, with plenty of detail going amiss, although colours do at least remain accurate. Enabling the dual-LED flash brings out a lot of the missed detail in low-light conditions, though, for subjects close to the camera and the fact that it doesn’t add a blue tint is a bonus.. The inclusion of super night, multi exposure, slow exposure, time-lapse, slow motion and manual modes are welcome additions. In manual mode you can adjust the shutter speed, ISO, exposure, white balance, focus and image interval. The camera can also shoot video up to 1080p at 30fps. At the front there’s a 8-megapixel camera.. READ NEXT: Lenovo P2 review: The best smartphone battery life, period. For £159, the Vodafone Smart V8 is a fantastic phone, and with a good camera, rear-mounted fingerprint reader, unbelievably bright display, excellent build quality and design, it’s definitely one to consider. It might not have the best performance or battery life for under £200, but all told it’s a very strong package and a decent alternative to the Moto G4 , which is now getting somewhat long in the tooth.. It’s on the large side and as it’s a Vodafone-branded handset, it’s locked to that network. If, however, you’re looking to watch HD content on a bigger screen and want more freedom to browse the web, the Smart V8 is one of the best phones you can buy below £200.. Hardware Processor RAM 3GB Screen size 5.5in Screen resolution 1080 x 1920 Screen type LTPS IPS Front camera 8 megapixels Rear camera 16 megapixels Flash LED GPS Yes Compass Yes Storage (free) 32GB Memory card slot (supplied) Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n Bluetooth 4.0 NFC Yes Wireless data 4G Dimensions Weight 166g Features Operating system Android 7.1.1 Battery size 3,000 mAh Buying information Warranty One year RTB Price SIM-free (inc VAT) £159. 155 x 76 x 7.9 mm. Best phone battery life 2018: The BEST smartphones ranked. The best phone cameras in 2018. Need a phone upgrade? Find out the best upcoming phones. OnePlus 6 could get facial recognition. Samsung Galaxy Note 9: Launching in August?. Google Pixel 3: Release date, rumours and news. The best Android phones money can buy. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. LG G7: Is LG's next flagship really delayed?. Samsung Exynos 9810: The power behind the Samsung Galaxy S9. Find out the best budget smartphones you can buy. Huawei P Smart: An 18:9 budget phone. Lenovo P2 review: The best smartphone battery life, period. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Honor 9 Lite review: An 18:9 budget marvel. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X: The king of budget smartphones?. Samsung Galaxy A5 review: A worthy Galaxy S8 stand-in. Honor 9 review: Better than the OnePlus 5T?. Sony Xperia XZ2: Sony’s latest flagship launched at MWC. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Size doesn’t matter. Samsung Exynos 9810: The power behind the Samsung Galaxy S9. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus: A dual-camera delight. Best Wi-Fi extenders: Better coverage, faster downloads. IT Pro Alphr Know Your Mobile Channel Pro Cloud Pro. About us Company website Contact us Privacy notice Affiliate policy Manage my mags. © Dennis, a trading name of Dennis Publishing Ltd, registered in England & Wales no. Registered address: 31-32 Alfred Place, London, WC1E 7DP. Dennis is run for the benefit of the Heart of England Forest , a registered charity dedicated to planting tomorrow’s great native woodland one tree at a time.. 
You don't have permission to access /specifications/vodafone-smart-v8/. 
Manuals Brands Vodafone Manuals Cell Phone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart V8 Manuals. Manuals and User Guides for Vodafone Smart V8.. We have 1 Vodafone Smart V8 manual available for free PDF download: User Manual. Vodafone Smart V8 User Manual (106 pages). Brand: Vodafone | Category: Cell Phone | Size: 7.33 MB. Extending The Battery Life 11 ................................................................................................................................................................. Using The Touch Screen 13 ................................................................................................................................................................. Getting To Know The Home Screen 15 ................................................................................................................................................................. Turning On/off System Sounds 18 ................................................................................................................................................................. Protecting Your Phone With Screen Pinning 23 ................................................................................................................................................................. Respond To Or Remove A Notification 25 ................................................................................................................................................................. Managing Shortcuts And Widgets 27 ................................................................................................................................................................. Rearranging The Primary Shortcuts 28 ................................................................................................................................................................. Use Two Apps In Split-screen Mode 32 ................................................................................................................................................................. Connecting To Networks And Devices 34 ................................................................................................................................................................. Change The Device Name 38 ................................................................................................................................................................. Pair With Another Bluetooth Device 38 ................................................................................................................................................................. Exchanging Data Via Nfc 39 ................................................................................................................................................................. Using Tap & Pay 40 ................................................................................................................................................................. Using Usb On-the-go (otg) 41 ................................................................................................................................................................. Sharing Your Mobile Data Connection 44 ................................................................................................................................................................. Connecting To Virtual Private Networks 46 ................................................................................................................................................................. Connect To A Vpn 47 ................................................................................................................................................................. Answering Or Rejecting Calls 49 ................................................................................................................................................................. Using Options During A Call 51 ................................................................................................................................................................. Adjusting Your Call Settings 52 ................................................................................................................................................................. Edit Quick Response To Rejected Callers 53 ................................................................................................................................................................. Importing, Exporting, And Sharing Contacts 57 ................................................................................................................................................................. Working With Favourite Contacts 58 ................................................................................................................................................................. Set A Ringtone For A Contact 59 ................................................................................................................................................................. Writing And Sending An Email 64 ................................................................................................................................................................. Adding And Editing Email Accounts 65 ................................................................................................................................................................. Using Manual Camera Mode 72 ................................................................................................................................................................. Using Other Camera Modes 73 ................................................................................................................................................................. Making A Gif Picture Or A Collage 77 ................................................................................................................................................................. Other Options And Settings 84 ................................................................................................................................................................. Tethering And Portable Hotspot 92 ................................................................................................................................................................. Related Products for Vodafone Smart V8. Vodafone Smart ultra 7 VFD 700. Vodafone SMART PLATINUM 7 VFD 900. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
Support hub Get the help you need. New to Vodafone Support for you. Device guides Handy guides for your phone, tablet or modem. Set up your phone for text messaging. Use your phone as Wi-Fi hotspot. Set up your phone for internet. Your feedback means a lot to us. Please let us know how we could make our Device Guide site even better. Enter your comments here then click the 'Send' button.. Email this article to your friend. Key in the letters and numbers displayed in the box. Terms & conditions © 2017 Vodafone Limited. © 2017 Vodafone Ireland Limited, Mountainview, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. 
Android OS v7.1.1 ( Nougat ). Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 MSM8940. Octa-core, Quad-core 1.4 GHz Cortex-A53, Quad-core 1.1 GHz Cortex-A53. 16 MP 4608 x 3456 px autofocus. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. DroidChart.com / Smartphones / Vodafone / Vodafone Smart V8 (2017). 5.5 inches 1080 x 1920 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the Vodafone Smart V8 (V8). The list of the competitors most often compared to the Vodafone Smart V8 smartphone.. The Vodafone Smart V8 (V8) smartphone released in 2017. It is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 MSM8940 chipset, 3 GB of RAM and 32 GB of internal storage.. The Vodafone Smart V8 runs on Android OS v7.1.1 (Nougat) out of the box. It comes with a Li-Po 3000 mAh, non-removable battery. It features a 5.5 inches IPS display with 1080 x 1920 px resolution. The IPS technology is one of the most leading LCD technologies in the world.. The Vodafone Smart V8 runs on Android OS v7.1.1 (Nougat) out of the box, but the Smart V8's firmware can be upgraded to a newer version of OS.. Screen size is measured in inches, diagonally from corner to corner. The 5.5 inches IPS capacitive touch screen with 1080 x 1920 px resolution is multitouch capable.. The smartphone's memory (3 GB) cannot be expanded, but the storage (32 GB) can be expanded with a microSD card.. The camera of the Vodafone Smart V8 is equipped with autofocus. Autofocus is a camera feature that fine-tunes the focus of the camera, it is a nice feature of this smartphone.. Smart V8 is 3G and 4G capable. This smartphone has a built-in GPS receiver. GPS is a satellite based navigation system that allows the determination of the exact geographical location on Earth. This Vodafone smartphone has FM radio receiver.. The Li-Po 3000 mAh, non-removable battery gives the smartphone a good battery backup.. The smartphone sensors measure physical quantities and transmit them to the application processor. The phones's accelerometer is a built-in electronic component that measures tilt and motion. A fingerprint sensor is one of the easiest and most secure ways to protect your smartphone. The proximity sensor detects when a user is holding the phone near their face during a call and turns off the display to prevent keypad presses and battery consumption from the display.. Compare Vodafone Smart V8 to other smartphones. The specifications above are based on the official data published by the manufacturer, but we also take user reviews into consideration. If you found an error or something lacking in the specifications above for the Vodafone Smart V8, then don’t hesitate and signal the problem to us.. According to our statistics, the Vodafone Smart V8 smartphone was most often compared on our site with the following smartphones.. Compare Vodafone Smart V8 to other smartphones. If there’s information about the Vodafone Smart V8 that you would like to see on this site, then write to our webmaster@droidchart.com address.. 
By using vodafone.com.mt, you're consenting to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.. Close My Vodafone Log In menu. 155 x 76 x 7.9 mm (6.10 x 2.99 x 0.31 in), 166 g (5.86 oz). 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Compare Credit Cards All Cards Rewards Cash Back Travel Balance Transfer Low Interest Zero Percent Business Student Secured. Mobile Cell Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. The Vodafone Smart V8 currently has an Informr score of 9 out of 10.. This score is based on our evaluation of 4. sources including reviews from users and the web's most trusted critics.. Simply put, if £160 is right at the top of your budget, you'll not find anything better than the Smart V8, or anything that's closer to being an all-round great device. You can only buy one if you're ok to be tied to Vodafone, but with other carriers not offering anything like this, that's not.... For £159, the Vodafone Smart V8 is a fantastic phone, and with a good camera, rear-mounted fingerprint reader, unbelievably bright display, excellent build quality and design, it’s definitely one to consider. It might not have the best performance or battery life for under £200, bu.... If you’re on Vodafone or are thinking of switching, the Vodafone Smart V8 is a decent deal. It’s a little faster than the Motorola Moto G5, and comes in at around the same price. And you get a bigger screen and battery for the privilege. It’s also bigger and cheaper than the G5 Plu.... With numerous affordable mid-range phones packing similarly-sized batteries and 5.5-inch Full HD displays, the Vodafone Smart V8 has a fair bit of competition to square up to, but for £160 you’re actually getting a good-looking, fast and fluid mid-ranger with a competent enough camera an.... ZTE released the Vodafone Smart V8 on June 27, 2017.. The Vodafone Smart V8 price will vary depending on retailer, age, special offers and whether or not it's purchased with a service plan. If purchased with a 2 year service contract for example, you would likely pay much less for the phone itself up front. You can compare Vodafone Smart V8 prices from around the web here on The Informr.. Where can I download the Vodafone Smart V8 manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the Vodafone Smart V8 user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. ZTE backs up the Vodafone Smart V8 with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. I have Vodafone Smart V8 problems. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your Vodafone Smart V8 has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact ZTE support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find ZTE's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The Vodafone Smart V8's screen size is 5.5 inches with 1080 x 1920 pixels resolution.. There is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 MSM8940 Octa core 1.4 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 7.1.1 Nougat operating system (OS).. You can take photos or capture video with the phone's onboard 16+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 8+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 128 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 3000 mAh battery. ZTE 's performance ratings are 1 minutes.. Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 MSM8940 Octa core 1.4 GHz. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 15.6 x 7.6 x 0.8 cm (6.1 x 3 x 0.3 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer, Gyroscope. MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 128 GB). Auto focus, Face detection, Geotagging, ISO, Panorama, White balance, HDR, Slow motion recording, Time lapse mode, Exposure, Anti-banding. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. Full HD (1920 x 1080 pixels), 30 fps. MIDI, MP3, MP4, eAAC+, AAC+, AAC, WMA, WAV, M4A. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4, WMV. Manual (PDF) Vodafone Smart V8 Reviews Where to buy Vodafone Smart V8. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. UMTS: 850/900/1900/2100 MHz. LTE: 700/2100/800/900 /1800/2600 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. Help inform others by sharing your experience with Vodafone Smart V8. Looks and feels like a much more expensive device. Simply put, if £160 is right at the top of your budget, you'll not find anything better than the Smart V8, or anything that's closer to being an all-round great device. You can only buy one if you're ok to be tied to Vodafone, but with other carriers not offering anything like this, that's not necessarily a bad thing at all.. Simply put, if £160 is right at the top of your budget, you'll not find anything better than the Smart V8, or anything that's closer to being an all-round great device. You can only buy one if you're ok to be tied to Vodafone, but with other carriers not offering anything like this, that's not necessarily a bad thing at all.. A fantastic budget phone with a good camera and a rear-mounted fingerprint reader. For £159, the Vodafone Smart V8 is a fantastic phone, and with a good camera, rear-mounted fingerprint reader, unbelievably bright display, excellent build quality and design, it’s definitely one to consider. It might not have the best performance or battery life for under £200,... For £159, the Vodafone Smart V8 is a fantastic phone, and with a good camera, rear-mounted fingerprint reader, unbelievably bright display, excellent build quality and design, it’s definitely one to consider. It might not have the best performance or battery life for under £200, but all told it’s a very strong package and a decent alternative to the Moto G4, which is now getting somewhat long in the tooth.. If you’re on Vodafone or are thinking of switching, the Vodafone Smart V8 is a decent deal. It’s a little faster than the Motorola Moto G5, and comes in at around the same price. And you get a bigger screen and battery for the privilege. It’s also bigger and cheaper than the G5... If you’re on Vodafone or are thinking of switching, the Vodafone Smart V8 is a decent deal. It’s a little faster than the Motorola Moto G5, and comes in at around the same price. And you get a bigger screen and battery for the privilege. It’s also bigger and cheaper than the G5 Plus.. The camera is good, performance is adequate (for a budget phone), and battery life is fine. All in all, it’s a good choice. Stands alongside some of the bigger players in its class. With numerous affordable mid-range phones packing similarly-sized batteries and 5.5-inch Full HD displays, the Vodafone Smart V8 has a fair bit of competition to square up to, but for £160 you’re actually getting a good-looking, fast and fluid mid-ranger with a competent enough camera... With numerous affordable mid-range phones packing similarly-sized batteries and 5.5-inch Full HD displays, the Vodafone Smart V8 has a fair bit of competition to square up to, but for £160 you’re actually getting a good-looking, fast and fluid mid-ranger with a competent enough camera and some very smart software tweaks from the off.. Darn, there are no reviews yet for. Be the first to write a review .. Vodafone Smart V8 review: Great Price, Mid-range Specs. Vodafone Smart V8 Unboxing & Hands-on Review. Vodafone Smart V8 Review: A worthwhile upgrade. Vodafone Smart V8 - Hands On & Impressions!. Vodafone Smart V8 review | offering a whole lot of performance. Vodafone Smart V8 Camera Review: A bit shaky. Honor 6A vs Vodafone Smart V8. Vodafone Smart V8 video sample (1080p/30fps). About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. REVIEWS OF DEVICE SMARTPHON TABLET LAPTOP GADGETS DEVICES VS/ ОБЗОРЫ ДЕВАЙСОВ / OVERSIGT / ביקורות / באריכטן / ULASAN / COMENTARIOS / 評測 / RECENSIONI / 후기 / RECENZIJE / RECENSIONER / BEWERTUNGEN / VURDERINGER / YORUMLAR / АГЛЯДЫ / AVIS / RECENSIONER / レビュー / ОГЛЯДИ / ĐÁNH GIÁ / aRVOSTELUT / ПРЕГЛЕДИ / 후기 / Пікірлер --- https://www.youtube.com/c/ITtechologiy ---. Comments are disabled for this video.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. The Original "Important videos" playlist (RECONSTRUCTED) Crazy Horse. Vodafone Smart V8 Budget Android Smartphone. Vodafone Smart V8 - Hands On & Impressions!. Vodafone Smart E8 si Vodafone Smart N8 - unboxing. Vodafone Smart N8 Unboxing & Hands-on Review. Vodafone Smart V8 Camera Review: A bit shaky. BEAUTIFUL vodafone smart v8 review. Vodafone Smart V8 review | offering a whole lot of performance. How to insert sim and SD card into Vodafone Smart V8. Vodafone Smart V8 Unboxing & Hands-on Review. Vodafone Smart V8 review: Great Price, Mid-range Specs. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Vodafone Smart V8, Smart N8 y Smart E8: renovada gama de smartphones con 4G+ y lector de huellas. Recibe un email al día con nuestros artículos:. Compartir Vodafone Smart V8, Smart N8 y Smart E8: renovada gama de smartphones con 4G+ y lector de huellas. Vodafone Smart V8, especificaciones y precio. Vodafone Smart N8, especificaciones y precio. Vodafone Smart E8, especificaciones y precio. Así queda la familia completa de smartphones Vodafone. 156 x 77 x 8mm166 gramos. 145 x 72 x 8.7mm151 gramos. 146 x 72 x 9.1mm169 gramos. 154 x 76 x 6.7mm155 gramos. 152 x 78 x 8.7mm150 gramos. 144 x 72 x 8mm128 gramos. 141 x 72 x 9.5mm168 gramos. 121 x 64 x 9.9mm110 gramos. Fabricado por AlcatelSensor de huellaMetalAltavoces 2.4w. Vodafone calcula que el 15% de los smartphones que venda en 2017 serán de su propia marca y para conseguirlo acaba de presentar su nueva familia de smartphones Vodafone Smart que se suma a la tablet Smart Tab N8 que os adelantamos ayer y que trae como principales novedades con respecto a los modelos de 2016, la actualización a Android Nougat , sensor de huellas en los modelos más completos y hasta 4G+ que permite navegar a 300 Mbps.. Destacado sobre todo por la conectividad 4G+ de hasta 300 Mbps , el Vodafone Smart V8 perteneciente a la gama media es un Android 7.1.1 con pantalla de 5.5 pulgadas de resolución FHD (401 ppp), procesador Snapdragon 435 de ocho núcleos a 1.4 GHz Cortex A-53, 3 GB de RAM, 32 GB de memoria interna ampliable hasta 128 GB mediante microSD, sensor de huella, batería de 3.000 mAh, cámara principal de 16 megapíxeles (f/2.0) con doble flash y una cámara frontal de 8 megapíxeles.. El Vodafone Smart V8 se encuentra disponible en Vodafone con un coste único de 200 euros con permanencia de dos años en cualquiera de las tarifas disponibles pero aplicando distintos pagos a plazos según la tarifa elegida y que será de 4 euros/mes con Mini más un pago inicial de 105 euros u 8 euros/mes con Smart, superyuser, Red y One más un pago inicial de 5 euros.. A continuación os dejamos con todos los detalles de lo que acabarás pagando realmente teniendo en cuenta el IVA tanto en el pago inicial como en los pagos mensuales que incluyen el pago a plazos del terminal y la cuota de la tarifa , la cual habrá que mantener durante los primeros 18 meses.. El Vodafone Smart N8 que os adelantamos la semana pasada, recordemos que se trata de un Android 7.1 con pantalla de 5 pulgadas de resolución HD (294 ppp), procesador Mediatek MT6737 de cuatro núcleos a 1.3 GHz Cortex A-53, 1.5 GB de RAM, 16 GB de memoria interna ampliable hasta 32 GB mediante microSD, sensor de huella, 4G de hasta 150 Mbps, batería de 2.400 mAh, cámara principal de 13 megapíxeles (f/2.0) con doble flash y una cámara frontal de 5 megapíxeles. Su precio partirá de los 4,5 euros mensuales .. Destinado a ser el más sencillo y barato , el Vodafone Smart E8 es un Android 7.1 con pantalla de 5 pulgadas de resolución qHD (196 ppp), procesador Snapdragon 210 de cuatro núcleos a 1.1 GHz Cortex A-53, 1 GB de RAM, 8 GB de memoria interna ampliable hasta 128 GB mediante microSD, 4G de hasta 150 Mbps, batería de 2.200 mAh, cámara principal de 5 megapíxeles con flash y una cámara frontal de 2 megapíxeles. su precio partirá de los 3 euros mensuales .. En Xataka Móvil | Todos los catálogos de smartphones según fabricante .. Compartir Vodafone Smart V8, Smart N8 y Smart E8: renovada gama de smartphones con 4G+ y lector de huellas. Apple Samsung Análisis Aplicaciones Conectividad Nokia Juegos Android Comparativa de tarifas Huawei Precios de móviles WhatsApp. Recibe un email al día con los artículos de Xataka Móvil:. Xataka Móvil Respuestas Xataka. Xataka Applesfera Xataka Android Xataka Ciencia Vidaextra. Móviles, tablets, aplicaciones, videojuegos, fotografía, domótica... Xataka Xataka Móvil Xataka Foto Xataka Android Xataka Smart Home Xataka Windows Xataka Ciencia Applesfera Vida Extra Genbeta Genbeta Dev Magnet Compradiccion Xataka eSports. Moda, belleza, estilo, salud, fitness, familia, gastronomía, decoración, famosos... Trendencias Trendencias Belleza Trendencias Hombre Directo al Paladar Bebés y Más Vitónica Decoesfera. Coches, competición, motos, vehículos eléctricos, híbridos... Televisión, series, cine, estrenos, viajes, literatura... Finanzas, mundo de la empresa, autónomos, fiscalidad, administración, recursos humanos... El Blog Salmón Pymes y Autónomos. Xataka México Motorpasión México Directo Al Paladar México. Publicaciones para otras marcas y partners... Circula Seguro Circula Seguro PT Nobbot Happing Magazine Sage Experience Optimismo Digital En Naranja Bloggin Zenith Tecnología de tú a tú Mi Mundo Philips Blog Lenovo Muy Saludable de Sanitas Zona Coca-Cola Bluemagazine Seguros de tú a tú Corriente Eléctrica eSports Unlocked by Orange Cervezas Alhambra Mahou Rentabilibar Inget by acer. ZTE Blade V9 Vita: la gama baja de ZTE se arma con pantalla 18:9, doble cámara y Android 8.1 para hacerse hueco. Así queda el catálogo completo de smartphones Sony tras las novedades presentadas en el MWC 2018. Xiaomi en su primer MWC: un stand comedido que no pasa de un "bazar" de dispositivos. KaiOS: el SO del Nokia 8110, con funciones de smartphone pero sin WhatsApp. Nuevo Helio P60 de MediaTek, cuando la inteligencia artificial llegó a la gama media. 98% pantalla y cámara frontal retractable: Vivo Apex conceptualiza el futuro de los teléfonos móviles. Sony Xperia XZ2 y XZ2 Compact, primeras impresiones: buenos cambios, tiempos difíciles. Adiós Omnibalance, hola curvas: todo lo que cambia de los Xperia XZ a los Xperia XZ2. Así queda el catálogo completo de smartphones Nokia tras las novedades presentadas en el MWC 2018. Intelligent Scan, así funciona la nueva identificación biométrica de los Galaxy S9. De los Galaxy S8 al Galaxy S9, esto es todo lo que ha cambiado. Samsung Galaxy S9 y S9+, primeras impresiones: ‘plus’ ya no sólo significa más grande, también significa mejor. Nokia 7 vs Nokia 7 Plus: el sueño de Android One se hace realidad. Nokia lo vuelve a hacer: el nuevo 8110 se reinventa para no quedarse en un simple feature phone. Movistar Home era la sorpresa tras Aura: un altavoz asistente con pantalla para controlarlo todo. Xiaomi presentará el Mi Mix 2S el 27 de Marzo. NOKIA 8110 4G BANANA, de nuevo RETRONOSTALGIA ahora con 4G. SONY XPERIA XZ2: LO HEMOS PROBADO. Un CAMBIO de DISEÑO muy esperado. Samsung Galaxy S9 y S9+: LOS HEMOS PROBADO. Apple Samsung Análisis Aplicaciones Conectividad Nokia Juegos Android Comparativa de tarifas Huawei Precios de móviles WhatsApp. Xataka Xataka Móvil Xataka Foto Xataka Android Xataka Smart Home Xataka Windows Xataka Ciencia Applesfera Vida Extra Genbeta Genbeta Dev Magnet Compradiccion Xataka eSports. Trendencias Trendencias Belleza Trendencias Hombre Directo al Paladar Bebés y Más Vitónica Decoesfera. El Blog Salmón Pymes y Autónomos. Nobbot Tecnología de tú a tú Blog Lenovo eSports Unlocked by Orange Inget by acer. Mi Mundo Philips Muy Saludable de Sanitas Coca-Cola Journey España Coca-Cola Journey México Coca-Cola Journey Portugal Zona Coca-Cola Cervezas Alhambra Mahou Rentabilibar. Circula Seguro Circula Seguro PT Corriente Eléctrica. En Naranja Sage Experience Bloggin Zenith Seguros de tú a tú. 
Support hub Get the help you need. New to Vodafone Support for you. Device guides Handy guides for your phone, tablet or modem. Set up your phone for internet. The internet connection is shared by many functions on your phone such as internet browsing, receiving email messages and installing apps. You can access the internet as soon as you've inserted your SIM. If this isn't the case, you can set up your phone for internet manually.. Please select the red text to see instructional images.. Slide your finger downwards starting from the top of the screen.. Press the settings icon .. Press Access Point Names .. Press the new data connection icon .. Key in Vodafone Internet and press OK .. Key in live.vodafone.com and press OK .. Key in 272 and press OK .. Key in 01 and press OK .. Key in default and press OK .. Press the menu icon .. Press the field next to the data connection to activate it.. Press the Home key to return to the home screen.. Your feedback means a lot to us. Please let us know how we could make our Device Guide site even better. Enter your comments here then click the 'Send' button.. Email this article to your friend. Key in the letters and numbers displayed in the box. Terms & conditions © 2017 Vodafone Limited. © 2017 Vodafone Ireland Limited, Mountainview, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. 
Volání Tarify Pro studenty Pro rodinu Kombinovaná nabídka Nové Předplacené karty Volání v roamingu Volání přes Wi-Fi Přejděte k nám Internet Internet v tabletu a. notebooku Internet v telefonu Kombinovaná nabídka Nové Pevný internet pro. domácnost Nové Wi-Fi síť na doma i. Vodafone Pass Nové Internet v zahraničí Naše síť Telefony a zařízení Telefony Tablety Modemy Příslušenství Chytrá zařízení Telefony a tablety značky Vodafone eDohled – pohlídáme třeba vaše auto Nové Podpora. Telefony a zařízení ›. ‹ Vodafone ›. Vodafone se může pochlubit dalším Smart přírůstkem s Androidem 7.. Náš nejprodávanější tarif s neomezeným voláním i SMS a 5. 500 volných minut do všech sítí, SMS za 1,51. 4 tarify s neomezeným voláním i SMS a 10. 4 tarify s neomezeným voláním i SMS a 20. 4 tarify s neomezeným voláním i SMS a 50. Náš nejprodávanější tarif s neomezeným voláním i SMS a 5. Vybraný tarif vám aktivujeme na novém čísle, nebo vám zdarma přeneseme číslo od vašeho stávajícího operátora. Pořízení telefonu s online slevou a tarifu musí být provedeno současně.. + 2 GB za 149 Kč. Voláte neomezeně, a to do všech mobilních i pevných sítí v. SMS posíláte také neomezeně do všech mobilních sítí v ČR. MMS zpráva stojí 4,54 Kč ať už ji pošlete kamkoliv v ČR. Jen volání na barevné a informační linky (čísla začínající např. 840, 844 apod.) mohou být účtována, detaily najdete. základu získáte 5 GB dat měsíčně. pohodě vystačí na každodenní surfování po internetu, poslech hudby online a občasné přehrávání videí. Nejste si jistí, kolik dat budete potřebovat? Snadno a rychle si to spočítáte na naší datové kalkulačce. Využijte skvělou rychlost našeho 4G LTE internetu, která v. některých místech dosahuje až 335 Mbit/s. Rychlým internetem pokrýváme už 99 % obyvatel. - už podruhé jsme se stali vítězem nezávislého testu společnosti P3 communications, který se zaměřil na úroveň hlasových i datových služeb všech operátorů.. Nyní dárek 2 GB v aplikaci Můj Vodafone. 2 GB navíc zdarma můžete získat každý měsíc v v. Je to odměna za to, že naši aplikaci používáte. Data si pak jednoduše vyzvednete každý měsíc v. První tam pro vás budou připravena už dva dny po aktivaci tarifu.. Kdyby vám náhodou tahle pořádná dávka dat nestačila, můžete si je jednoduše navýšit o další 2 GB jen za 149 Kč. Pokud svůj měsíční objem dat vyčerpáte, poběží internet dál plnou rychlostí a data vám budou automaticky navyšována po 500 MB za 49 Kč. O každém navýšení vás budeme informovat SMSkou. Čerpání budete mít pod kontrolou i díky službě DataStrop. základu nastaven na 10 GB, ale jeho výšku si můžete kdykoli změnit v. okamžiku, kdy svého limitu dosáhnete, přestane internet ve vašem telefonu fungovat.. Nic neřešte a užívejte si své oblíbené aplikace naplno. S našimi Passy totiž nečerpají skoro žádná data z vašeho tarifu. Se Social Pass můžete sdílet každou minutu, slovem nebo obrazem. Díky Chat Pass zase všechno probrat třeba s celým světem. Video Pass umožní sledovat videa a telku klidně nonstop. A pro milovníky hudby je tu nekonečno poslechu s Music Pass. Nabízíme i výhodné kombinace, tak mrkněte na www.vodafone.cz/pass. Sdílejte data ve více zařízeních s datovou SIM. K tarifu si můžete pořídit až 3 další datové SIM karty. Svůj balíček dat pak využijete i v. Pořízení je zdarma, za sdílení zaplatíte 99 Kč měsíčně za jednu SIM. I u datových SIM si můžete nastavit DataStrop. Převážná většina tabletů podporuje mobilní sítě. Stačí do příslušné zdířky vložit datovou SIM kartu a můžete surfovat podle libosti. internetu kdekoli přes USB modem, do kterého vložíte naši datovou SIM.. Volání do zahraničí: Ceny volání do zahraničí se liší podle toho, do které země voláte. Pokud často voláte do jednoho konkrétního státu, můžete si aktivovat zvýhodněný balíček My Country. Více informací, kompletní nabídku a ceník najdete na stránkách volání do zahraničí. EU, Norsku, Lichtenštejnsku a na Islandu už jste jako doma, takže voláte a SMSkujete neomezeně a k. dispozici máte i celý datový balíček. Chystáte se někam jinam? U tarifu automaticky nastavujeme World roaming, se kterým zaplatíte pouze za jednotky, které v cizině využijete. Služby pro volání v zahraničí si ale můžete kdykoliv změnit, například na tarif Roaming na den. Více informací, kompletní nabídku a aktuální ceník najdete na stránkách. Přihlaste se prosím administrátorským heslem, uvidíte nabídku přímo pro vás. vyzvednutí ve 118 prodejnách nebo k. Při objednání v pracovní dny do 14:00 bude vaše zásilka připravena k vyzvednutí ještě ten den. Vždy prosím nejprve počkejte na potvrzující SMS , že si pro svou objednávku můžete přijít. Nezapomeňte si vzít občanský průkaz a druhý doklad totožnosti a je to. kalendářní dny ode dne následujícího po objednání.. „Hned na první pohled zaujme jedna zásadní změna: telefon je kovový.. Telefon působí skoro až robustně, ale zároveň má poměrně neokoukaný design." Mobil.iDnes.cz. „ Náročnější uživatelé, kteří očekávají vysoký výkon, pokročilé funkce, či kvalitnější provedení, nemusejí utrácet celou výplatu za nový smartphone.“ Mobilizujeme.cz. Vodafone se může pochlubit dalším Smart přírůstkem s Androidem 7. Nejen, že je po stránce designové na jedničku (také za to dostal ocenění), ale ještě vás na první pohled ohromí perfektní obraz na ultra jemném 5,5“ FULL HD displeji s odolným sklem. A ruku na to, že se do něj dostanete jen vy díky čtečce otisku prstů!. 1 080 × 1 920 px. 4 × 1,4 GHz + 4 × 1,1 GHz. 700, 800, 900, 1800, 2100, 2600. 156 × 76 × 7,99 mm. Vyberte si doplňky k telefonu Vodafone Smart V8 a nejenom k němu.. Pouzdro flipbook Vodafone Smart V8 (černá). Ochranné sklo Vodafone Smart V8 (průhledná). Zadní kryt Vodafone Smart V8 (hnědá). Zadní kryt Elegance Vodafone Smart V8 (černá). Zadní kryt transparent Vodafone Smart V8 (průhledná). Tenhle kousek vám okamžitě padne do oka svým odlehčeným designem.. Detail telefonu Huawei P9 Lite 2017, černá. Novinka s tenkým kovovým tělem, jemnými detaily a skvělým výkonem.. Detail telefonu Huawei P10 lite, černá. Nová generace úspěšného modelu A3 je tady a pracuje opravdu rychle. Detail telefonu Samsung Galaxy A3 2017, černá. Přemýšlíte o pořízení nového telefonu s novým tarifem?. Do 30 minut vám zavoláme a pomůžeme vám.. Doprava je u nás zdarma vždy, když je součástí objednávky alespoň jedna SIMka, telefon, tablet nebo modem, a také když si objednáte samotné příslušenství v hodnotě min. V ostatních případech za dopravu zaplatíte 80 Kč. Zboží vám doručíme do 2 pracovních dnů a vybrat si můžete buď Českou poštu nebo kurýrní službu. Pozor ale na dobu doručení o Vánocích. Nedočkavci ocení bezplatné vyzvednutí ve vybrané prodejně. Při odeslání objednávky do 14 hodin v pracovní dny se totiž můžete pro zboží zastavit už odpoledne. V ostatních případech bude vše přichystáno následující pracovní den. Další informace nejen o doručování najdete v sekci. Vše o nákupu v eShopu .. 30denní záruku spokojenosti automaticky získáte jak na nový tarif, tak na telefon, tablet nebo modem, který jste si pořídili za zvýhodněnou cenu nebo na splátky spolu s ním. Ať už v našem eShopu nebo v prodejně Vodafone. Během této doby můžete nepoškozené zboží vrátit bez údání důvodu, v případě tarifu pak bez sankce odstoupit od smlouvy.. zařízení objednané samostatně bez tarifu) se vztahuje zákonná 14denní lhůta na vrácení zboží z eShopu. Ta platí samozřejmě i v případě vyzvednutí online objednávky v naší prodejně.. Vše, co potřebujete vědět při koupi nového telefonu.. Mohu si cenu mobilního telefonu rozložit do splátek?. Ano, tuto možnost si můžete zvolit na detailu telefonu. Zaplatíte tak jen část a zbytek doplatíte v měsíčních splátkách v rámci svého vyúčtování. Splátky platíte přímo Vodafonu, jsou bez navýšení kupní ceny a bez nutnosti dokládat svůj příjem. Zbývající dlužnou částku můžete kdykoli doplatit a třeba si i ihned vzít další zařízení na splátky. Tip: Zákazníci, kteří jsou s námi alespoň půl roku, si mohou pořídit dotykové mobily výhodněji než kdo jiný, navíc s počáteční platbou jen 1 Kč. Podívejte se na telefony pro věrné zákazníky .. Jsem nový zákazník, mohu si pořídit telefon se slevou?. Objednejte si telefon spolu s jedním z Red tarifů (tzn. Red LTE, Red LTE Plus, Red LTE Premium nebo Red+) a ušetřete 2000 Kč. Slevu získáte vždy při objednání v eShopu, ať již s doručením až k vám, nebo s vyzvednutím v prodejně.. Jsem zákazník Vodafonu, mohu si pořídit telefon se slevou?. nákupem telefonu prodloužit ve chvíli, kdy vám do konce platnosti té původní zbývá méně než 10 měsíců. Pokud máte do konce smlouvy více než 10 měsíců, můžete si telefon pořídit na splátky bez slevy k. V eShopu nelze prodloužit ani uzavřít rámcové smlouvy. Pokud aktuálně splácíte telefon, máte na nový telefon k. danému číslu nárok až po jeho splacení.. Pro ověření nároku na telefon a online slevu pokračujte do Můj Vodafone .. Zákazníci Vodafonu si mohou telefon se slevou v eShopu pořídit buď s. tarifem, nebo ke svému stávajícímu číslu. Nárok na slevu ke svému stávajícímu číslu mají zákazníci s. paušálním tarifem , pokud na tomto čísle nově uzavřou, případně prodlouží tarifní smlouvu s měsíčním plněním alespoň 690 Kč, a to zároveň s. Slevu v eShopu nemohou získat zákazníci využívající OneNet nebo rámcovou smlouvu.. Mám předplacenou kartu, mohu si pořídit telefon se slevou?. Slevu na telefon v eShopu nelze poskytnout k předplacené kartě. Zvýhodněný mobilní telefon můžete získat, pokud si pořídíte v eShopu paušální tarif s novým číslem.. Pokud si nechcete pořizovat tarif, můžete si ke své předplacence koupit telefon za standardní cenu.. Pokud je součástí objednávky alespoň jedna SIM karta, telefon, tablet nebo modem, je doprava zdarma. Zároveň když si objednáte samotné příslušenství v hodnotě 1000 Kč nebo více, doprava bude rovněž zdarma. V ostatních případech za doručení zaplatíte 80 Kč. Zboží vám dopravíme Českou poštou, u některých typů objednávek (SIM karty, telefony na splátky) lze využít i dopravu kurýrní službou Muff.. Nepřijdu o slevu v případě, že si v. Slevu získáte vždy při objednání v eShopu, ať již s doručením přímo k vám, nebo s vyzvednutím v prodejně.. Pro koho jsou určeny telefony s. Nabídka telefonů a tabletů s. počáteční platbou 1 Kč v kombinaci s vybranými tarify je určena pro naše věrné tarifní zákazníky , kteří jsou s námi alespoň 6 měsíců, nebyli na žádném čísle v posledních 3 měsících v prodlení s platbou a průměrně za naše služby na svém zákaznickém účtě utratili alespoň 50 Kč (do částky se nezapočítávají platby třetím stranám).. Věrný tarifní zákazník si telefon může objednat například pro člena rodiny s novým číslem nebo s číslem přeneseným od konkurence (v těchto případech dokončete objednávku bez přihlášení do Můj Vodafone), případně ke svému číslu spolu s novou či prodlouženou tarifní smlouvou (pro ověření nároku na telefon ke stávajícímu číslu postupujte přes přihlášení do Můj Vodafone ).. Po dokončení objednávky ověřujeme, zda podmínky nabídky splňujete; v opačném případě vaši objednávku stornujeme, o čemž vás vyrozumíme e-mailem.. Pokud si nejste jisti a chcete si předem ověřit, zda podmínky splňujete, zanechte své číslo ve formuláři na této stránce a my se vám co nejdříve ozveme, případně vám tuto informaci sdělíme na lince 800 77 00 77.. Věrní zákazníci si mohou pořídit telefon za 1 Kč a zbytek na splátky.. Užijte si 4G LTE internet s vybranými tablety nyní od 1 Kč.. Jak se s námi chcete spojit? S dokončením objednávky vám rádi pomůžeme.. Ozveme se vám do 30 minut.. Pomůžeme vám s dokončením objednávky po telefonu.. Rádi vám poradíme s objednávkou po telefonu. Nechte nám na sebe číslo, zavoláme vám do 30 minut.. Jak se s námi chcete spojit? S dokončením objednávky vám rádi pomůžeme.. Ozveme se vám do 30 minut.. Pomůžeme vám s dokončením objednávky po telefonu.. Rádi vám poradíme s objednávkou po telefonu. Nechte nám na sebe číslo, zavoláme vám do 30 minut.. S nákupem vám poradíme po telefonu. Nechte nám na sebe číslo a my se ozveme v nejbližší pracovní den mezi 9:00 a 20:00.. Pomůžeme vám s dokončením objednávky po telefonu.. Ozveme se vám do 30 minut a poradíme vám.. Pomohly vám informace na této stránce?. Řekněte nám, co vám na stránce nevyhovuje:. Napište nám prosím, jak bychom mohli tuto stránku zlepšit. Pokud chcete řešit konkrétní problém, použijte prosím tento formulář a my se vám ozveme.. Popište prosím, s čím máte problém.. Pokud by se vám ani nadále nedařilo najít co hledáte, neváhejte nás kontaktovat .. Copyright © 2018 Vodafone Czech Republic a.s.. 
Read more Pros & Cons. Based on 6 expert reviews. Premium metal build, Smart software features, Affordable. No image stabilisation (video only), Thick bezels. Last revision on November 28, 2017. Premium metal build, Smart software features, Affordable. No image stabilisation (video only), Thick bezels. With numerous affordable mid-range phones packing similarly-sized batteries and 5.5-inch Full HD displays, the Vodafone Smart V8 has a fair bit of competition to square up to, but for £160 you're actually getting a good-looking, fast and fluid.... In the Smart V8, Vodafone has managed launch a phone which costs just £160, yet one which looks and feels like a much more expensive device. We'd not bat an eyelid if the price was closer to £250.There are elements which show that it is indeed a budget.... At £159, the Smart V8 is a fantastic budget phone with a good camera and a rear-mounted fingerprint.... Vodafone Smart V8 – Performance The Smart V8 isn't a fast phone by any means. Powered by Qualcomm's latest budget-end Snapdragon 435 system-on-a-chip, there are numerous performance compromises that you'll have to consider. The V8 feels nice and that screen is something to behold.The camera is impressive too, even in auto mode. Those that get caught up in Specification Top Trumps might be sniffy about the Snapdragon 435. In the end, it's their loss.Yes, it is pretty entry.... Build QualityPhone Set UpFeaturesCamera & VideoBattery LifeOur Vodafone Smart V8 review uncovers the latest smartphone from Vodafone UK and it has a really good spec, for a phone that is priced from £160 on Pay as you Go.24-month contract customers can.... Probamos y analizamos a fondo el móvil Vodafone Smart V8. Se trata de un modelo bastante potente, con 3 GB de memoria RAM, y con pantalla de 5,5 pulgadas. El teléfono viene de serie con Android 7.1 y destaca por su diseño ultrafino, con apenas 8 mm de.... By Tracy and Matt's Blog. Picking up great value for money seems to be getting more and more common these days. Vodafone has really put together a very nice combination of high-end features combined with quality materials and a cheap price tag. The Vodafone Smart V8 is pretty.... The Vodafone has released a new brand phone made by ZTE it's called the Vodafone Smart V8 which is a tall, narrow metal body is a mix of brushed surfaces and chamfered edges with plastic caps at the top and bottom for the antennas being the only.... Los teléfonos ofertados por las operadoras móviles bajo el nombre de las mismas son una realidad desde hace muchos años. Si bien es cierto que hay móviles de todos los tipos, pueden ser una muy buena opción, debido a que aparecen a precios inferiores a.... Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise Powered by. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Warehouse Deals Outlet Subscribe & Save Vouchers Amazon Family Amazon Prime Amazon Pantry Prime Video Prime Student Mobile Apps Amazon Pickup Locations Amazon Assistant. 1-16 of 66 results for "vodafone smart v8". See all results for vodafone smart v8 .. Vodafone Smart V8 Payg Mobile Phone - Black. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Promotion Available See Details. [2 Pack] Vodafone Smart V8 Screen Protector [Tempered Glass] - RBEIK Premium 9H Hardness Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Vodafone Smart V8 with Anti-Scratch Feature. Vodafone Smart V8 mobile phone case cover luxury PU leather magnetic book flip Wallet case for Vodafone Smart V8. Gr8value Plus Ltd Vodafone Smart V8 With Stand Case, new & Packaged. Vodafone Smart V8 Crystal Clear Soft Gel TPU Bumper Case with Anti-Scratch Clear Back by SS Tech® (Released 2017, June). Vodafone Smart V8 Case, TopACE High Quality PU Leather Case Flip Cover for Vodafone Smart V8 (Black). Promotion Available and 9 more promotions. Promotion Available Promotion Available Promotion Available Promotion Available Promotion Available Promotion Available Promotion Available Promotion Available Promotion Available See Details. Vodafone Smart V8 Black Wallet Book Flip Case Cover. by For Unbranded Vodafone Smart V8. Only 8 left in stock - order soon.. super wallet flip designed Vodafone Smart V8 case cover will protect .... Vodafone Smart V8 Case, Pu leather Book Flip Case Cover Premium PU Case Protect Mobile Phone Vodafone Smart V8. Product Features Gr8value Plus Limited Vodafone Smart V8 -Premium Tempered Glass Screen. TBOC® Vodafone Smart V8 (5.5 Inches) Black Ultra Thin TPU Silicone Gel Case Cover Soft Jelly Rubber Skin. Only 4 left in stock - order soon.. Emartbuy Vodafone Smart V8 Matt Gel Skin Case Cover Black. Only 12 left in stock - order soon.. Vodafone Smart V8 (PACK OF 1) Tempered Glass Screen Protector Easy Bubble-Free Installation HD Ultra Clear Gorilla Glass Hardness 9H Scratch Proof and Heavy Duty Shatterproof with Anti Fingerprint Oleophobic Coating by SS Tech® (Released 2017, June). Vodafone Smart V8 Case , Anzhao Premium PU Leather Wallet Flip Cover Case With KickStand and Card Slots for Vodafone Smart V8 (Black). Only 14 left in stock - order soon.. Vodafone Smart V8 (5.5") mobile phone case cover luxury PU leather magnetic book flip Wallet case for Vodafone (Smart V8 blue bk). Vodafone Smart V8 (5.5") - Adjustable viewing angle, foldable stand for .... Vodafone Smart V8 Case Flip Slim Folio PU Leather Debout Fonction Black Phone Case Vodafone Smart V8 Wallet Cases. Vodafone Smart V8 Rose Gold Wallet Book Flip Case Cover. by For Unbranded Vodafone Smart V8. super wallet flip designed Vodafone Smart V8 case cover will protect .... Amazon's Choice for "vodafone smart v8". Pu Leather Flip case for Vodafone Smart V8 Slim Series Flip Wallet Case with Card Slots Shockproof Resistant Hybrid Protective Case Built In TPU Silicone Back Case Cover For Vodafone Smart V8 Black. Only 15 left in stock - order soon.. Vodafone Smart V8 (5.5") mobile phone case cover luxury PU leather magnetic book flip Wallet case for Vodafone (Smart V8 brown bk). Vodafone Smart V8 (5.5") - Adjustable viewing angle, foldable stand for .... 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. Pay As You Go Mobile Phones & Smartphones. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. Vodafone Smart V8 (Full Device Specifications). » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. Vodafone Smart V8 Officially Announced :. Gray Price : US$ 311, Rs 16470 9.2 out of 10. : ( 84 Ratings). Vodafone Smart V8 Release June 2017, weight 166g, 5.5” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. GSM , (Vodafone Network) GSM 2G Bands :. GSM 850 , GSM 900 , GSM 1800 , GSM 1900 GSM 3G Bands :. HSDPA 900 , HSDPA 2100 GSM 4G Bands :. LTE 700 , LTE 2100 , LTE 800 , LTE 1800 , LTE 2600 , LTE 900 Operating System :. Octa Core Processor Processor Speed :. 3 GB Memory Card Slot :. 157 x 78 x 7 mm , Exactly 156 x 76 x 7.99 mm Slim/Thin :. 7 mm , (7.99 mm Thin) Weight :. Accelerometer , Ambient Light , Proximity Sensor , Fingerprint Dedicated Keys :. Volume , Power , Fingerprint Key Device Security :. Device Password Lock , Device Pattern Lock , Slide Lock , PIN code Lock , Fingerprint Unlock. IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen Screen Protection :. Scratch Resistant , (2.5D Curved Glass) Display Colors :. 16M Colors Pixel density range :. 400 to 500 ppi , (~401 ppi Pixel Density) Screen Resolution :. 1080 x 1920 pixels (Full HD) Display Size :. 5.5 Inch Screen To Body Ratio :. 61 to 70 Percent , (~70.3% screen-to-body-ratio) Multi Touch Support :. Yes Ringtone or Alert Type :. Vibration , MP3 ringtones , WAV. 16 MP , 4608 x 3456 Pixels Camera Flash LED :. 8.0 MP Front Camera Flash :. With 1080p 3G or Video Call :. With Wireless Connection Video Quality :. Autofocus , PDAF Sensor , Gesture Shot , Voice Capture , Face Beauty , HDR , Smile detection , Face Detection , Self timer , Touch focus , Low Light Mode , Manual Mode. WAV , AAC , AMR , MP3 , WMA , MIDI , FLAC , OGG , AAC+ Video Format :. 3GP , H.264 , MKV , DivX , AVI , xVID , WMV , FLV , MP4 , H.263 3.5mm Headphone Jack :. LTE 50 Mbps , HSPA plus , LTE CAT6 300 Mbps DL Browser Name :. Google Chrome Browser Browsing Support :. HTML , HTML5 WiFi Support :. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n , WiFi Calling, WiFi Direct Hot Spot :. microUSB 2.0 , With OTG NFC (Near Field Communication) :. Calculator , Notes , To-do list , Google Apps, My Vodafone App, VAS Apps. SMS , MMS , Email , Push Mail , IM , Hangouts GPS Tracking :. Li-Ion 3000 mAh Quick Charge :. 280 Hrs , (Unofficial) Talk Time :. 10 Hrs , (Unofficial) Music Playback :. Up to 30 hrs Video Playback :. Social Networking Services & Apps Metal Body Design Brushed Metallic Finish Back Noise Cancellation Customizable Lock Screen Shortcuts Rounded Edges. Vodafone Smart V8 Handset Battery 3000 mAh Charger USB Data Cable 3.5mm Headset User Guide Warranty Card. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » HTC » Alcatel » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. Vodafone Smart V8 Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Vodafone Smart V8 Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Vodafone Smart V8 Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Vodafone Smart V8 Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Home | Privacy Policy. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. The 16-megapixel sensor on the Smart V8 is seriously good for the money. In bright conditions it can take some excellent photos. It has quite a wide angle, which means you can cram a lot into your shots. In ideal lighting, it’s very good – although it struggles with any kind of range. Try to shoot from the shade of some trees out into a field, or similar, and either your trees will be under-exposed, or your field blown out. It takes careful composition to get things right.. The buildings in the background are a little over-exposed, while the bus and people are too dark – but it’s not a complete write-off Shady shots are generally quite good. It’s possible to achieve a bokeh effect if you get close enough to your subject. Sometimes, the light will work with you and produce moody shots. Without HDR, this shot is horribly blown-out in its lighter areas Even with HDR, lighting problems remain, but it’s much better. You can cheat by using HDR Mode, but this slows down the shooting process and you’ll need to keep your hands pretty still. But it does a good job.. In low light things are less impressive, but not awful. There’s some noise in low-light images, although it’s often quite well disguised with some clever processing.. The front-facing camera is excellent, offering up natural skin tones – although, again, brightly lit backgrounds do tend to get lost.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Home Comparison between: - Huawei P8 Lite 2017 - Vodafone Smart V8 - Vodafone Smart ultra 7. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Huawei P8 Lite 2017 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart ultra 7 Prices Model alias P8Lite 2017 PRA-LA1 PRA-LX1 VFD-710 VFD700 Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 72.94 mm 7.29 cm 0.24 ft 2.87 in 76 mm 7.6 cm 0.25 ft 2.99 in 78.12 mm 7.81 cm 0.26 ft 3.08 in Height 147.2 mm 14.72 cm 0.48 ft 5.8 in 156 mm 15.6 cm 0.51 ft 6.14 in 152.2 mm 15.22 cm 0.5 ft 5.99 in Thickness 7.6 mm 0.76 cm 0.02 ft 0.3 in 7.99 mm 0.8 cm 0.03 ft 0.31 in 8.68 mm 0.87 cm 0.03 ft 0.34 in Weight 147 g 0.32 lbs 5.19 oz 166 g 0.37 lbs 5.86 oz 150 g 0.33 lbs 5.29 oz Volume 81.6 cm³ 4.96 in³ 94.73 cm³ 5.75 in³ 103.2 cm³ 6.27 in³ Colors Gold Black White Blue Gray Gray Silver Body materials Aluminium alloy Glass Plastic Metal Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Nano-SIM Nano-SIM / microSD Nano-SIM Micro-SIM Number of SIM cards 2 1 1 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE 800 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE 700 MHz (B28) LTE 800 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE 700 MHz (B28) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 4 UMTS EDGE GPRS Class 33 HSPA+ LTE Cat 6 UMTS EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 4 Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 7.0 Nougat Androd 8.0 Oreo Android 7.1.1 Nougat Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow User interface (UI) Emotion 5.0 - - System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC Huawei HiSilicon KIRIN 655 Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 MSM8940 MediaTek Helio P10 (MT6755M) Process technology 16 nm 28 nm 28 nm CPU 4x 2.1 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.7 GHz ARM Cortex-A53 4x 1.4 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.1 GHz ARM Cortex-A53 4x 1.8 GHz ARM Cortex-A53, 4x 1.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit 64 bit 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A ARMv8 ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) - - 256 KB + 256 KB Level 2 cache memory (L2) - - 2048 KB 2 MB CPU cores 8 8 8 CPU frequency 2100 MHz 1400 MHz 1800 MHz GPU ARM Mali-T830 MP2 Qualcomm Adreno 505 ARM Mali-T860 MP2 GPU cores 2 - 2 GPU frequency 900 MHz - 550 MHz RAM capacity 3 GB 4 GB 3 GB 2 GB RAM type LPDDR3 LPDDR3 LPDDR3 RAM channels Double channel Single channel Single channel RAM frequency 933 MHz 800 MHz 933 MHz Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 16 GB 32 GB 32 GB 16 GB Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC microSD microSDHC microSDXC microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS IPS IPS Diagonal size 5.2 in 132.08 mm 13.21 cm 5.5 in 139.7 mm 13.97 cm 5.5 in 139.7 mm 13.97 cm Width 2.55 in 64.75 mm 6.48 cm 2.7 in 68.49 mm 6.85 cm 2.7 in 68.49 mm 6.85 cm Height 4.53 in 115.12 mm 11.51 cm 4.79 in 121.76 mm 12.18 cm 4.79 in 121.76 mm 12.18 cm Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 1.778:1 16:9 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels 1080 x 1920 pixels 1080 x 1920 pixels Pixel density 424 ppi 166 ppcm 401 ppi 157 ppcm 401 ppi 157 ppcm Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors 24 bit 16777216 colors 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 69.65 % 70.56 % 70.36 % Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Capacitive Multi-touch Capacitive Multi-touch 2.5D curved glass screen GFF full lamination - - Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Fingerprint Hall Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Fingerprint Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS BSI CMOS CMOS Aperture f/2.2 f/2.0 - Flash type LED Dual LED LED Image resolution 3968 x 2976 pixels 11.81 MP 4608 x 3456 pixels 15.93 MP 4160 x 3120 pixels 12.98 MP Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP Video FPS 30 fps 30 fps 30 fps Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Scene mode Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Pixel size - 1.25 μm Phase detection - - Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Sensor type CMOS BSI - - Aperture f/2.0 - - Image resolution 3264 x 2448 pixels 7.99 MP 3264 x 2448 pixels 7.99 MP 2592 x 1944 pixels 5.04 MP Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP Video FPS 30 fps 30 fps 30 fps Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Loudspeaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Yes Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS GLONASS BeiDou GPS A-GPS GLONASS GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b 802.11g 802.11n Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct 802.11b 802.11g 802.11n Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct 802.11b 802.11g 802.11n 802.11n 5GHz Dual band Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.1 4.2 4.1 Features A2DP EDR LE A2DP A2DP USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Micro USB Micro USB Version 2.0 2.0 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Charging Mass storage Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Yes Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering NFC VoLTE Computer sync OTA sync Tethering NFC VoLTE Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 HTML HTML5 CSS 3 HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC AAC+ AMR AMR-WB eAAC+ FLAC MIDI MP3 OGG WMA WAV AAC AAC+ AMR AMR-WB eAAC+ FLAC MIDI MP3 OGG WMA WAV AAC AAC+ AMR AMR-WB eAAC+ FLAC MIDI MP3 OGG WMA WAV Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP AVI H.263 H.264 H.265 MKV MP4 VP8 Xvid 3GPP AVI H.263 H.264 MKV MP4 WebM WMV Xvid 3GPP AVI H.263 H.264 MP4 VP8 Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 3000 mAh 3000 mAh 2960 mAh Type Li-Polymer Li-Polymer Li-Polymer 2G talk time 36 h 2160 min 1.5 days - - 2G stand-by time 524 h 31440 min 21.8 days - - 3G talk time 21 h 1260 min 0.9 days - - 3G stand-by time 670 h 40200 min 27.9 days - - 4G talk time 17 h 1020 min 0.7 days - - 4G stand-by time 531 h 31860 min 22.1 days - - Features Non-removable Non-removable Non-removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (EU) 0.36 W/kg - 0.465 W/kg Body SAR (EU) 0.93 W/kg - 0.544 W/kg Head SAR (USA) 1.12 W/kg 0.678 W/kg - Body SAR (USA) 1.27 W/kg 1.377 W/kg -. Huawei P8 Lite 2017 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart ultra 7. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
