GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. 121.6 x 64.4 x 11.8 mm (4.79 x 2.54 x 0.46 in). 4.0 inches, 45.5 cm 2 (~58.2% screen-to-body ratio). 480 x 800 pixels, 5:3 ratio (~233 ppi density). microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Vodafone Smart first 6 - user opinions and reviews. does anyone know what to do to open a mms on this phone?. I got this phone 2 years ago and it was completely crap .It was lagging from the first day, it doesn't have a flash so I switched to huawei p8 lite which is a much much much better option. I do have a Vodafone smart first 6 I know the camera is not the best but would like to know how to transfer the photos from the phone to my computer. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. alcatel Pixi 3 (3.5) Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart first 7 Vodafone Smart 4 turbo. Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Electronics Best Sellers Deals Phones & Accessories TVs & Home Cinema Camera & Photo Audio & HiFi Computers & Accessories Wearable Technology Accessories Car Electronics. Pay As You Go Mobile Phones & Smartphones. view or change your orders in Your Account. see our delivery rates and policies. thinking of returning an item ? (See our Returns Policy ). still have questions? Visit our Help Pages. Vodafone Smart First 6 Pay As You Go Handset Smartphone - Black. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Available from these sellers .. Designed specifically to be easy to use. Comes with Facebook and Twitter already installed. Excellent UK coverage for calls, texts and mobile broadband. Runs Android - the world's most popular operating system. You're only ever one tap away from making a call, sending a text or email, taking a photo or browsing the web. There is a newer model of this item:. Vodafone Smart First 7 SE Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. What you need to know – This product has an IMEI that uniquely identifies it. When we dispatch your order, we will scan the IMEI and add it to the order history. Where the item is not received, Amazon may register the IMEI with loss and theft databases to help prevent any fraudulent use or reselling of the item. This information is shared in accordance with the Amazon.co.uk Privacy Notice. There is no action required from you and the IMEI will only be used for this purpose.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Vodafone Pay As You Go Sim Card. Emartbuy Premium PU Leather Desktop Stand Wallet Case Cover for Vodafone Smart First 6 - Black. 6x Savvies Screen Protector for Vodafone Smart first 6 - Protection-Film, HD Crystal-Clear, Bubble-Free. Cotechs® - 5 Pack Premium Screen Protectors For Vodafone Smart First 6 - Includes Microfibre Cleaning Cloth And Application Card. Gadget Giant® Vodafone Smart first 6 Leather Wallet Flip Case Cover Book Style with Screen Protector Film & Retractable Stylus Pen - Black. Emartbuy Premium PU Leather Desktop Stand Wallet Case Cover for Vodafone Smart First 6 - Pink. What do customers buy after viewing this item?. Smart First 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. £ 15 00 Amazon Prime. Aventus ( Black ) Vodafone Smart First 6 Case Protective Elegant PU Leather Flip With Credit / Debit Card Slot Case Skin Cover With LCD Screen Protector Guard, Polishing Cloth & Mini Retractable Stylus Pen. Instantly receive a £10 Amazon.co.uk Gift Card if you’re approved for the Amazon Platinum Mastercard with Instant Spend. Credit offered by NewDay Ltd, over 18s only, subject to status. 6.3 x 1.2 x 11.4 cm. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; radio; wifi; GPS; internet; dual_core_processor. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; wifi; GPS; Quad_core_processor; radio; internet. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; radio; wifi; GPS; flash; face_detection; internet; OLED_display; dual_core_processor; front_camera. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; radio; wifi; GPS; internet; Quad_core_processor; front_camera; flash. GPS; camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; quad_core_processor. Vodafone Smart First 6 Pay As You Go Handset Smartphone - Black. Vodafone Smart First 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - White. Vodafone Nokia Lumia 635 Pay as you go Handset - Black. Vodafone Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini VE Pay as you go Handset - Blue. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Pay As You Go Handset Smartphone - Silver. EE Pay As You Go EE Harrier Mini 8 GB Smartphone - Black (Includes GBP10 Pre Loaded Credit, Unlimited Texts, 150 Minutes, 500 MB Data). Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Delivery Destinations: Visit the Delivery Destinations Help page to see where this item can be delivered. Find out more about our Delivery Rates and Returns Policy. Date first available at Amazon.co.uk: 7 May 2015. 18,835 in Electronics & Photo ( See Top 100 in Electronics & Photo ). Electronics & Photo > Phones > Mobile Phones & Communication > Mobile Phones & Smartphones > Pay As You Go Mobile Phones & Smartphones. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. An affordable introduction to the world of Smartphones, the Vodafone Smart first 6 is easy to use and has all the features you'd expect from a Smartphone - at a price you wouldn't.. Designed specifically to be easy to use, the Smart first 6 has a simple home screen with all the features you need. You're only ever one tap away from making a call, sending a text or email, taking a photo or browsing the web.. The Smart first 6 comes with Facebook and Twitter already installed - so you can update your status, catch up with the latest gossip and stay in touch with all your friends and family, straight out of the box.. The Smart first 6 runs Android - the world's most popular operating system - which gives you access to thousands of apps through the Google Play Store. So whether you're a fan of games, social media, music or movies, there's an app for everyone.. Our outstanding network gives you excellent UK coverage for calls, texts and mobile broadband - indoors and out. We build our network so that signals from our masts overlap each other. It means you get fewer dropped calls and better mobile broadband. We focus on giving you a strong signal indoors and outside - unlike some operators who concentrate on spreading their signal over the widest area. We're the network of choice for many of the UK's emergency services. Ambulance, police and fire services know they can rely on us. We make sure you get the fastest service possible - even at the busiest times of the day - thanks to the extra capacity we build into our network.. - Dimensions: 121.6 x 64.4 x 11.8 (mm) - Weight: 112g - Operating System: Andorid 4.4 - Screen: 4 inch, Touchscreen, WQHD - Camera: 2 Megapixels, Auto-focus, Self-timer. Vodafone Smart First 6 Handset - Black Battery Charger USB Cable Handsfree Headset Quick Start Guide SIM Card. UK coverage for calls, texts and mobile broadband. Network built so that signals from our masts overlap each other. Meaning few dropped calls and better mobile broadband, making sure that you get a fast service possible – even at busy times of the day.. An introduction to the world of Smartphones, the Vodafone Smart first 6 is easy to use and has all the features you'd expect from a Smartphone.. Designed specifically to be easy to use, the Smart first 6 has a simple home screen with all the features you need. You're only ever one tap away from making a call, sending a text or email, taking a photo or browsing the web.. The Smart first 6 runs Android - which gives you access to thousands of apps through the Google Play Store. So whether you're a fan of games, social media, music or movies, there's an app for everyone.. The Smart first 6 comes with Facebook and Twitter already installed - so you can update your status, catch up with the gossip and stay in touch with all your friends and family, straight out of the box.. 13 megapixels, 4x digital zoom, LED flash. 5 star 55% 4 star 18% 3 star 10% 2 star 5% 1 star 12%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Amazing value smartphone - definitely recommend it. I bought this primarily because it runs on Android rather than Windows. Last year I purchased a far more expensive smartphone which runs on Windows and which has a depressingly small number of available apps. This vodaphone smartphone allows me to access google playstore and download all my favourite apps – including a decent version of Tetris which is one of my old time favourites. It is nice and slim and is quite lightweight. It has a decent 4 inch sized screen. Its not quite as large as my previous Nokia phone but it is quite adequate for watching videos in bed, surfing the net and playing games on as well as the usual phone calls, texting, messaging, emailing etc. I regularly use it for watching Netflix and BBC Iplayer and ITV hub through the home wifi. It runs like a dream and I have never had any trouble with buffering. I also regularly listen to Iplayer radio and BBC radio podcasts on it. The camera is only 2 megapixels so the pictures are not of the highest quality but I don’t tend to take too many photos on my phone so its not really an important issue for me. Also it only has one camera but as I abhor the “selfie” craze this is definitely not an issue for me! I can do everything I used to do on my previous HTC and Nokia smarphones and more. I have my email set up so it updates whenever I am using mobile data or using wifi. All in all I am amazed at what good quality it is for just over £20! When I think of the hundreds of pounds I have paid for smartphones in the past I cannot believe how good this is. If you cannot forego all the latest hi tech features of exorbitantly expensive smartphones I would still definitely recommend buying this as a backup for example for holidays abroad or nights out or any event where there is a likelihood your phone might be at risk.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars fantastic. I bought 3 of these for my grandchildren there 1st new phones ages between 9 &12 and they do everything my Nokia does at a quarter of the price they got them up and running in no time and never came off them at the moment I am the best Nan ever and the best christmas present ever.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Good budget smartphone. I'm not a great fan of smartphones, I'm really not. Since I bought my last moby phone in 2006, though, I thought I'd make a cheap foray into the world of the modern pedestrian (and even motorist) screen-starers. This phone is cheap but doesn't feel it. It has a decent touchscreen and can take a bit of a bashing without complaining. The battery life is decent and the 32 gig expansion limit should be more than enough for the average casual user like myself. I downloaded a music player (VLC) and it almost became as good as my Sony Walkman. NB the memory card is a bit of a pain to fit in this.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars A smart buy.. I use a digital camera rather than a phone so I wasn't bothered about the meagre 2 megapixel camera in the phone. I found this was better operationally than my Samsung Galaxy Y in a lot of respects. It's easier to navigate and seems less temperamental and at less than half the price of the Samsung is a bargain if you want a basic smart phone rather than an iphone clone. This does all I need and does it well, plus the battery lasts for days longer than the Samsung if things like wifi etc are switched off. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Simple Smart Phone.. This phone is a nice little introduction to the world of smart phones. I purchased it for one of my grandsons and he found it easy to use and to set up. The screens are simply arranged and anyone with a molecule of common sense will find it easy to customise. Here is my only real piece of criticism about this phone package: mine did not come with any instructions. The screen allows you to set up a whole host of favourites including apps, contacts and other useful things. This is a very low price smart phone but comes full of essential functions which most users will find useful. You do not need to be an experienced computer/mobile device user to make use of this phone and so many technophobes will be more comfortable around this device. Mine came without any instructions and I don't know if this is by intention or not. In the box was the handset, a battery, a SIM card, a charger and charging lead and earphones.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars No proper setup instructions. Bought this as a first phone for my son. I've given it two stars because I don't know if the phone is good or bad as I've spent the last 3 days trying to get it set up for him. The instructions are simplistic in the extreme and the SIM card has been difficult to fit correctly. I'm sure that the phone will work OK (after all, how hard can it be) but vague pictorial instructions are worse than useless, and of course there is the background worry that if you apply too much pressure you'll break something, but it isn't clear how much pressure is needed. I'm sure that anybody over a certain age will understand what I mean. In terms of simplicity it would probably be ideal for an elderly person who just wants a phone, but it's far too fiddly and difficult to set up.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Once purchased. Minimal storage capacity for extra applications. Eats your money when data is turned on. Great phone to have handy but would stress about the storage available for it. As most of it is already used for the software already installed on the device once it is purchased. Therefore there is hardly none available left over for you to download and buy other apps for the phone when you think your buying a bargain. It is cheap and I think that's why. If you haven't had Experiance in cheap storage availability you will surly get it from this device. I did spend money on pay as you go about £10.00 but found it had eaten it when I checked my balance. You will find yourself having to upgrade to another model of phone once you have purchased this product. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Kids loved this phone really gd price and value !. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. It isn't a smart phone at all: it's a spectacularly stupid phone. 1.0 out of 5 stars Absolute rubbish!. went wrong sent back within warranty .Vodaphone said wasn't covered but were unable to say what the fault was!!. 1.0 out of 5 stars crap phone. Haven't even used yet as can't get to grips with it. 1.0 out of 5 stars Vodafone. 3.0 out of 5 stars Three Stars. not a great phone, but for the price it does what is needed. 3.0 out of 5 stars Three Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. However much we tried we could not unlock this phone thus making it US. 1.0 out of 5 stars Not pleased. See and discover other items: pay as you go sim , smartphone android , smart mobile phones , vodafone smart first 7 case , vodafone smart , camera phone. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Supplied by Vodafone: http://tinyurl.com/p2xyndu Unboxing: https://youtu.be/HeBg07HQdqg Camera Test: https://youtu.be/Q3duyUv5IMg Please leave a "like" and consider subscribing to the channel for more content. Cheers! Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/moz Would you like your product featured? Contact: mtechreviewer@gmail.com - http://twitter.com/mozford http://instagram.com/mozford. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Vodafone Smart Mini 7 vs Vodafone Smart First 6. How to put sim card in Vodafone Smart First 6. How To Unlock Vodafone Smart First 6, Smart First 7, Smart mini 7/Smart mini 7 ve by Unlock Code.. Vodafone Smart First 6 unboxing and review. Top 5 BEST Budget Smartphones! (2016/2017). Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 Unboxing and First Look. Vodafone Smart First unboxing and hands-on. Vodafone Smart First 6 Unboxing: £20 Smartphone. Vodafone Smart first 6 Unboxing & Overview. How To Unlock Vodafone Smart Prime 6, Prime 7, First 6, First 7, Speed 6 and Smart Grand.. Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 review - should you buy one?. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Mobile Review. Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 Unboxing video. Vodafone Smart First a Vodafone-tól - Segíthetünk?. Vodafone Smart First 6: Ignore the Specs. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Find out more on our cookies page .. To accept this and continue using the site, press Accept & continue.. From getting your kit home to setting it up, we can help.. When something goes wrong with your kit, we can pick up the pieces.. Whatever life throws at you, we'll protect your most important kit.. From upgrades to trade-ins, we can save you time and money.. Kit Guide: Vodafone Smart First 6 - setting it up. We've written this guide to help you set up your Smart First 6 for the first time, from putting in the SIM and memory cards, to connecting to the internet and setting up email.. Vodafone Smart First 6 User Manual. If you need to download the user manual for your phone, you can get it here. You'll find the following items in the box:. Inserting your SIM & memory cards. Follow the steps below to learn how to put in your SIM card, and microSD (memory card), if you have one.. Use your thumbnail in the notch on the right edge of the phone, and prise away the back cover.. Put the SIM card in the right slot above the battery compartment. Make sure the metal contacts are facing down, and the cut off corner is pointing towards the battery.. If you have a memory card, put this in the left slot. Make sure the metal contacts are facing down, and the narrow end goes in first.. Completing the Smart First 6 Setup Wizard. When you turn on your phone, you'll see the 'Setup Wizard', which helps get your phone set up.. Follow the steps below to get your phone set up and ready for use.. by tapping the box and swiping up or down the list. box is ticked, which connects you to mobile internet. You'll be asked to set up your Google account, which we recommend using. Without it you can't download apps or use Google services. If you don't have a Google account, tap. type your Google email address, then tap. You'll need to accept the Terms of Service. You can choose what Google services you want to use. 'Backup & Restore' backs up your phone's apps and settings, and 'Communication' lets you manage how you receive information from the Play Store.. any of the options if you'd like to opt out. Your phone will detect the time from your network, but this might not work for all providers. Set date , and scroll through the settings, then tap. and scroll through the hours and minutes to set the. We recommend using Standard, as you'll see all the functions and shortcuts you need.. You'll need to click through a few welcome pages. These include Vodafone apps, but you can untick these if you don't want to use them. OK , and you be taken to the Home screen.. The three buttons at the bottom are used for navigating the phone.. to the Home screen from any screen or app.. 'Back' (triangle): Takes you back one screen.. 'Menu' (square): Opens menus when you're in apps or settings.. You can connect your Smart First 6 the internet using Wi-Fi or mobile data - here's how to do both.. From the Home screen, go to. at the top is on (showing blue). If it's off, tap it to turn it on.. password , which is usually found on a sticker on your router.. You'll see 'Connected' below the network's name, and a fan-shaped Wi-Fi symbol at the top.. Turning mobile data on or off. If you're struggling to get connected to mobile data, have a look at our guide to APN settings .. Read through these steps to learn how to set up email on your phone.. If you tap an account with a red 'M', email will go to your Gmail app. If you tap an account with a yellow envelope, it'll go to the Email app.. You'll be able to change some of the settings, including how often the app checks for new emails. When you're happy with the settings, tap. name , which will appear on your emails. If you're account fails to set up, you'll have to type your settings in manually. Our guide to email server settings should help.. We always recommend protecting your account with a lock screen, to keep your personal data safe.. Swipe down from the top of the screen to bring up. 'Swipe' lets you unlock the phone with a swipe of the finger, but gives no security. 'Pattern' lets you draw a pattern on a grid of dots. 'Password' is a more complex code.. Enter your chosen code and tap. Confirm the code again, then tap. If you need any more help, you can contact one of our Team Knowhow experts here .. If you've got an issue with any of your kit, our experts are on-call to help 24/7 - in-store, at home, or over the phone.. When your kit's fully broken, you need it fixed fast. Our accredited experts will get you back up and running in no time.. Available in-store, online, at home and over the phone.. Team Knowhow, PO Box 1686, Sheffield, S2 5YB. DSG Retail Limited (registered in England and Wales, number 504877) and The Carphone Warehouse Limited (registered in England and Wales, number 2142673) trading as Team Knowhow, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. 
Talkin’ Tech – Episode 50 – The Boys Are Back In Town. Talkin’ Tech – Episode 49 – It’s December. Talkin’ Tech Episode 48 – BTEE Being Told No. Talkin’ Tech Episode 47 – Card-Less Cashpoints. Tell Me More – Episode 4 – Ryan Shrout. Tell Me More – Episode 3 with Cam Bunton. Tell Me More – Episode 2 with Michael Fisher. Tell Me More – Episode 1 with Josh Walrath. 5 Essential Mobile Games for Smartphone Owners in 2018. VR Utilised To Assist Phantom Pain Patients. The OG Pebble: A Dead Product But Is It Still Worth It?. Top 5 Smartwatches of The Year 2017…So Far. Home / Reviews / Smartphone Reviews / Review: Vodafone Smart First 6. The Vodafone Smart First 6 device. Additional “White” back cover for the device. 4″ TN Display (800 x 480). 4 GB ROM + 512 MB RAM, microSD (up to 32 GB). 121.6 x 64.4 x 11.8 mm weighing 112g. Bluetooth 4.0 A2DP, FM radio with RDS. Vodafone are often known for their big flagship alliances with OEMs. This year has seen them in bed with the likes of HTC and Samsung to unveil plans for their latest flagships and market them appropriately. However Vodafone are known for budget options also, and the Vodafone Smart First 6 is the latest in that lineup. The Vodafone Smart First 6 is a simplified Android offering, easing consumers in to the world of smart mobile devices. Indeed, Vodafone specifically call out the fact the device was designed for first time smartphone users in their literature. Available at £40 on a PAYG contract, Vodafone will be hoping that the more prominent budget offerings from companies such as Motorola recently, with their G and E products, will get consumers looking at this segment a little more closely.. is quite small which is to be expected when you’re packing in a device with a smaller 4″ screen. The box actually houses quite a bit though.. Upon first feel, it is quite obvious that this is a budget device. The bezels are huge, capacitive buttons flank the bottom section of the front panel, there are a few creaks and clicks from the plastic chassis and the device feels light.. On the front panel is a slit ear piece at the top, and 3 capacitive buttons resembling the Lollipop interface despite the device being bundled with 4.4 KitkKat. At the bottom edge is a micro USB charging port as well as a microphone. The left edge is devoid of any distinguishing features with the power and volume rocker residing on the right hand edge. To the top is a 3.5mm headphone jack for the bundled headset. Finally, on the backside of the device we find some Vodafone branding as well as a 2MP fixed focus camera and a speaker grill cut out.. The specifications of the device are, as would be imagined, aligned to the price point of this device.. The Vodafone Smart First 6 is a device that is designed and manufactured to a price point, and nothing more. Both the black and white backs are smooth with matte finishes and feels “okay”. It’s not a high quality plastic, but if anything this helps the overall selling point of the device. The device is not meant to feel like a £600 flagship device. Consumers shouldn’t be afraid of dropping the device or scraping it against an abrasive surface; it’s intended to be used.. The screen follows the same mantra of cost point before form and function and delivers a TN display. for those that are not aware, TN displays are notorious for poor viewing angles, and this device is practically unusable in anything but face to face use. Tilting the device just 15 degrees one way or another gives distortion of visibility. The screen also has a ‘tacky’ feel to it. Swipes are difficult and the friction often makes elongated use undesirable. This, coupled with the displays low resolution makes the device only barely usable.. The Mediatek SoC is equally low-end. The device has a dual core architecture clocked at 1Ghz and isn’t going to be the workhorse that those used to Smartphones are going to be familiar with. This device is aimed at the low-end, new adopter market. The chip has been used in similarly budget devices for Indian carriers primarily. It will, and does, get through some general work, however, don’t ask too much of it.. On to the optics and the story is familiar. The 2MP fixed focus camera manages to get some colours correct, but taking pictures with this device is going to be akin to that of Motorola’s original Moto E experience; namely pretty poor. The fixed focus is the cause for lots of the down falls here. Getting a subject in focus is a challenge itself. Invariably by the time this has been competed, the subject has moved or the light conditions changed. In short, it’s not a great experience, but if one is just getting into smartphones in general, it might be that photos are not top of their list; an informed choice here needs to be made per consumer.. The Vodafone Smart First 6 comes bundled with Android KitKat 4.4. The Android operating system is sufficiently mature to make it a very stable option for those wishing to migrate to a smartphone for the first time. There are intuitive swipe functions and easily labelled settings menus, all of which will gently ease in new adopters.. However, the hardware does little to make the experience seamless. Scrolling across home screens, opening applications, and surfing via the built-in Browser all take their sweet time in anything but occasional circumstances.. Users of this device will be happy with the UI in general, and the range of applications that are now at their fingertips as new smartphone users. It remains to be seen how quickly they will get frustrated with the speed of the device however.. The Vodafone Smart First 6 is Vodafone’s newest low-end device. It’s marketing tagline suggests the device is “An affordable introduction to the world of smartphones”. The device is just £40 on a PAYG plan from Vodafone and this delivers a much lower price point than the Moto E 1st generation or indeed the 2nd generation Moto E device which currently retails for around £90.. The issue with the device is also its biggest strength. The price will attract consumers, however it also means the components are suitably cheap. The CPU, display and optics take the brunt of the slashed cost of the bill of materials and make the experience of using this device less than desirable.. that is aimed at new smartphone users, it is ironic that. it could well do as much to push adopters away from. the platform as pull them in! The hardware choices mean that compromises in all areas are immediately visible to users. Is this what new adopters want to see when they are pushed towards a smartphone by the media marketing machine in top gear? We suspect not.. That being said, the build is not as bad as devices twice the cost of the Vodafone Smart First 6, and at just £40 we expect many to use this as a secondary device rather than a primary, first, smartphone.. For £30- £40 more however, the still budget priced Vodafone Smart Prime 6 might be a better option.. Links: Vodafone Smart First 6 – Vodafone Smart Prime 6 – MediaTek Processor. Tags vodafone vodafone smart first 6. Tech enthusiast and Editor-in-Chief of MobileTechTalk. Honor View 10 Review – Mostly Killer, Some Filler. Honor 7X Review: Almost Perfect… Almost.. Blackberry Motion Review : Good, but not impressive. Sony Xperia XZ1 Review: Actually, This Is Quite Nice. problem with Mobile, it’s not that their devices suck, they’re actually …. When asked if I wanted to review the Honor 6A I said yes, hell yes. May 19, 2015 at 10:56 am. Its difficult to score such a device fairly. You could argue that it is an 8/10 for its intended userbase who want one of the cheapest smartphones on the market. May 19, 2015 at 12:26 pm. My take on this is that a new smartphone user would be put off based on the actual experience. Having to wait 6-7 seconds for the home screen top redraw isn’t something that’s easily overlooked, regardless of previous experiences.. Compared to the original Moto E for example (granted that was twice as expensive although now can be grabbed new for £60) the experience is night and day.. I think this highlights the fact that there is a price point/BOM that is too low in order to deliver normal functionality. The bar needs to be set at a certain height and this limbos tamely underneath in almost all categories one would look for in a smartphone.. Nov 8, 2015 at 1:21 pm. I have just returned my Vodafone Smart first 6 to the retailer, as I thought it was dreadful. I couldn’t end a call, the letters typed during texting were not lined up with the screen, it kept going from one screen to another half way through doing something. Changed it for a more standard phone, and it has put me off owning a smart for good. I know they are cheap and its all we could afford, but a waste of £40 in my opinion.. Nov 8, 2015 at 7:20 pm. Perhaps you had a faulty unit as our reviewer saw none of these issues :/. Apr 3, 2016 at 4:18 am. How do ulyou get music onto a smart first 6?. Apr 3, 2016 at 7:14 am. You can either use a cable or OTG cable or use a steaming service. You can even just download from a website or cloud storage platform. As with any other Android actually.. Apr 24, 2016 at 3:29 pm. cannot find a battery saver function on the Vodaphone Smart First 6 phone. Is there one or what can you suggest to extend battery life. Apr 24, 2016 at 7:58 pm. Hi Iain, I can’t recall there being one. You could try Greenify ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oasisfeng.greenify ) or even Battery Saver 2016 ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.batterysaver.powersaver ). Apr 25, 2016 at 10:37 am. thanks Craig will try Iain McColgan. Jul 25, 2016 at 5:25 pm. this phone meets the requirements for pokemon go but running it is another story can anyone tell me if it works on this phone. Jul 26, 2016 at 3:01 pm. We’ve not tried it but we can’t see why it wouldn’t. As you say it meets the requirements and it’s not a particularly graphic intensive game so should be fine.. Aug 5, 2016 at 12:06 am. trying to get pokemon go to work on this phone for my brother but also having the issue of it not loading 🙁 please let me know if you managed to find a fix for this. Pingback: Review: Vodafone Tab Prime 6 - Mobile Tech Talk. Pingback: Cheapest Vodafone Smart First 6 Android Smartphone | Mobile Phone News and Reviews. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Notify me of follow-up comments by email.. Notify me of new posts by email.. Massdrop NuForce EDC3 IEM Quick Review. Watch Hands On With The Huawei Matebook X Pro - MWC2018. Massdrop NuForce EDC3 IEM Quick Review. © Copyright 2018, All Rights Reserved. 
The next video is starting stop. How to put sim card in Vodafone Smart First 6. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. In this video i show how to insert a sim card into the Vodafone Smart First 6. Link to buy from Vodafone UK. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- My Social media Accounts Youtube www.youtube.com/Gadgetnews1 Twitter https://twitter.com/TechTalkUK1 Facebook Page https://www.facebook.com/GadgetManTec... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Insert a sim card into Vodafone Smart Mini 7. How to Insert a Vodafone 3 in 1 SIM Card - Nano, Micro and Normal. How To Unlock Vodafone Smart First 6, Smart First 7, Smart mini 7/Smart mini 7 ve by Unlock Code.. Nano Sim Card - All You Need to Know Part 2. How to Insert Sim Card and SD Card in Samsung Galaxy J3 2016. How to remove the network lock from your phone. Vodafone Smart First 6 Unboxing: £20 Smartphone. Vodafone Smart First 6: Ignore the Specs. Vodafone Smart first 6 Unboxing & Overview. How To Unlock Vodafone Smart Prime 6, Prime 7, First 6, First 7, Speed 6 and Smart Grand.. Unboxing of Vodafone smart first 6!. How to put sim card in Vodafone Smart Prime 6. VODAFONE SMART SPEED 6 VODAFONE 795 hard reset. Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 review - should you buy one?. How to Cut Sim Card To Fit iPhone 5 Nano Sim Card. Vodafone Smart Ultra 6: a brief teardown. What can a £30 smartphone get you? - Vodafone Smart first 6 mobile phone review (English). Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Charger and SIM card Setup. How To Insert/Remove Sim Card From iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. Vodafone Smart First 6 Device Manual and Service Booklets. Vodafone Smart First 6 User Guide and User Manual PDF Download. Vodafone Smart First 6 Android Smartphone, weight 112g. It´s display size 4 Inch with 480 x 800 pixels (WVGA) Resolutiton. The Talk time of the phone is 4 Hrs. The phone with 2.0 MP Camera. , Bluetooth 4.0 Price in February 2018. Vodafone Smart First 6 User Manual PDF Download. › User Manual PDF Download (2.6 MB). More User manual downloads Huawei Mate SE Manual download Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Manual download Sony Xperia XA2 Manual download TP-Link Neffos C7 Manual download BLU Vivo X Manual download. Vodafone Huawei Mate SE Announced February 2018, weight 165g, 5.93” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. Vodafone Sony Xperia XA2 Ultra Release February 2018, weight 221g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , 23 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. Vodafone Sony Xperia XA2 Release February 2018, weight 171g, 5.2” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , 23 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. Vodafone TP-Link Neffos C7 Announced January 2018, weight 157g, 5.5” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. Vodafone BLU Vivo X Release February 2018, weight 188g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.2,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » HTC » Alcatel » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. Vodafone BLU Vivo X Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Vodafone BLU Vivo X Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Vodafone BLU Vivo X Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Vodafone BLU Vivo X Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. Home | Privacy Policy. 
Sales & Support 020 8901 1751. Bulk Ordering 020 8901 1744 9am - 5pm. Xperia Z3 + / Z3 Plus / Z4. 3 in 1 Multiple USB Braided Cable. Vodafone Smart First 6 Crystal Clear Screen Protectors ( 3 Pack ). Our specifically designed LCD Screen protectors made up of 3 layers and is laser cut to perfectly fit your device, For anyone who desperately wants to protect the screen on their new , Super thin crys... Vodafone Smart First 6 Leather Carbon Wallet Case Cover (Black). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart First 6 Leather Flip Case Cover ( Green). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart First 6 Leather Flip Case Cover (Black). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart First 6 Leather Flip Case Cover (Blue). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart First 6 Leather Flip Case Cover (Hot pink). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart First 6 Leather Flip Case Cover (Purple). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart First 6 Leather Flip Case Cover (Red). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart First 6 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Black). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart First 6 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Blue). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart First 6 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Green). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart First 6 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Purple). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart First 6 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Red). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart First 6 S-Line Wave Gel Case Cover (Black). This brilliantly designed gel case incorporates a new flexible gel design and robust protection in one great package. Designed for an active lifestyle you can continue to use your device without remov... Vodafone Smart First 6 S-Line Wave Gel Case Cover (Hot pink). This brilliantly designed gel case incorporates a new flexible gel design and robust protection in one great package. Designed for an active lifestyle you can continue to use your device without remov... Vodafone Smart First 6 S-Line Wave Gel Case Cover (Red). This brilliantly designed gel case incorporates a new flexible gel design and robust protection in one great package. Designed for an active lifestyle you can continue to use your device without remov... Vodafone Smart First 6 Shockproof Case Cover (Hot pink). This phone case is made of two parts for ultimate shock proof protection. A hard polycarbonate shell on the outside protects your phone against damage and scratches and a soft shock proof silicone lin... Vodafone Smart First 6 Shockproof Case Cover (Orange). This phone case is made of two parts for ultimate shock proof protection. A hard polycarbonate shell on the outside protects your phone against damage and scratches and a soft shock proof silicone lin... Vodafone Smart First 6 Shockproof Case Cover (Purple). This phone case is made of two parts for ultimate shock proof protection. A hard polycarbonate shell on the outside protects your phone against damage and scratches and a soft shock proof silicone lin... Vodafone Smart First 6 Shockproof Case Cover (White). This phone case is made of two parts for ultimate shock proof protection. A hard polycarbonate shell on the outside protects your phone against damage and scratches and a soft shock proof silicone lin... Vodafone Smart First 6 Tempered Glass Screen Protector. This tempered glass screen protector is a must-have for anyone prone to constantly dropping their phone. The screen protector fits perfectly to prevent scratches and absorb shocks. Vodafone Smart First 6 Tempered Glass Screen Protector (3 Pack). This tempered glass screen protector is a must-have for anyone prone to constantly dropping their phone. The screen protector fits perfectly to prevent scratches and absorb shocks. Showing 1 to 22 of 22 (1 Pages). We use the best security features. ONX3 has been established since 2008, we are one of the UKs leading retailers for mobile phone accessories and solutions.. We put our success down to responding to what our customers want and offer an extensive range of the latest accessories for the latest phone models, teamed with an world class customer care team who will look after you through every stage of the transaction.. Thanks to ONX3's excellent relationship with our suppliers we can provide our customers with a large range of over 10,000 products and the most competitive prices around.. Stay up to date with news and promotions by signing up for our weekly newsletter. Sales & Support 020 8901 1751. Copyright © 2014, ONX3, All Rights Reserved. Website Developed by: Kodxpert Web Services. 
Android News VIEW MORE Google Pixel HTC Huawei Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Android Auto Android India News Android Wear Android Pay Android Tablets Best Android Phones Android TV Android Updates Amazon Google News VIEW MORE Google Assistant Google Maps Google Photos Google Hangouts Google Play Google Translate Google Voice Google fi Google Nexus Google Chromebook Google Drive Google Home Google Pixel Google Nexus Tech News VIEW MORE VR Artificial Intelligence Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum 5G News IOT Samsung News VIEW MORE Samsung Pay Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S9 5G News Smart Home MWC Reviews Tech Deals More Shop Best Cell Phone Deals Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Reviews Giveaways News Tips Deals Join Our Team. UK Carriers Reveal Sony Xperia XZ2 Availability Details – MWC 2018. Sony Highlights Xperia XZ2 Selling Points On Video – MWC 2018. Huawei CEO: Only “Three To Four” Phone Vendors Can Survive – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Pre-Bookings Now Open In India. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018. Hands-On With Lenovo’s Education-Focused Chromebooks – MWC 2018. Lenovo Showcases 100e, 300e & 500e Chromebooks – MWC 2018. Touchpad Pinch-To-Zoom Support Coming To All Chromebooks. YouTube’s Hollywood Investments To Stay Flat By 2020: Report. DeepMind & VA Team Up With Hopes Of Fighting Kidney Problems. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018. Qualcomm’s mmWave 5G Demo Achieves 1.4Gbps Download Speeds – MWC 2018. Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Micron Debuts New 3D NAND Memory Chips For Android Flagships – MWC 2018. Accelleran Announces New Small Cells, Other 5G Solutions – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Pre-Bookings Now Open In India. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018. Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Music Playback Times Significantly Boosted – MWC 2018. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Best Fitness Trackers Buyers Guide – February 2018. Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview. UK Carriers Reveal Sony Xperia XZ2 Availability Details – MWC 2018. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. How To: Reinstall Pre-Redesign Snapchat App On Android. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018. Android News Close Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Close Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Close Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS Close ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry Close BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Close Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Close Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Close Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC Close HTC HTC Phones Huawei Close Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Close Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG Close LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Close Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Close Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Close Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus Close OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Close Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Close Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Close Sony Sony Phones Tech News Close Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones Close ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Close Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Android News Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC HTC HTC Phones Huawei Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Sony Sony Phones Tech News Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 – 02/25/18 Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018 GearBest Deal: 6GB RAM Xiaomi Mi 6 For $379.99 W/Coupon GearBest Deal: 8GB RAM OnePlus 5T For $629.99 W/Coupon Electronics Deals – Feb. 23, 2018: Amazon, Dell, Google Pixel & More. UK Carriers Reveal Sony Xperia XZ2 Availability Details – MWC 2018 Sony Highlights Xperia XZ2 Selling Points On Video – MWC 2018 Huawei CEO: Only “Three To Four” Phone Vendors Can Survive – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Pre-Bookings Now Open In India Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018 Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Cubot X18 Plus Review – A Slim Budget Device That Performs Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview Blackview BV9000 Pro Review – Rugged, Fast, Built to Last. Samsung Galaxy S9 Sensor May Come To Other Android Phones – MWC 2018 Qualcomm’s mmWave 5G Demo Achieves 1.4Gbps Download Speeds – MWC 2018 Samsung Chief Seeks “Complete Confidence” In Foldable Phones – MWC 2018. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018 Best Sony Xperia XZ1 Accessories – February 2018 Best Bluetooth Wireless Headphones – February 2018. Best Android Apps – February 2018 Best Android Apps — Language Learning — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Pets — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Valentine’s Day — February 2018. Featured Review: Vodafone Smart first 6. MediaTek MT6752M, 32-bit, 1.0 GHz, dual-core ARM Cortex-A7 processor built on a 28nm die size, backed up by 512 MB of RAM and Mali-400 graphics. 4 GB of internal storage (1.6 GB available at first boot). MicroSD card slot, up to 32 GB and as tested with a 16 GB card installed. 4.0-inch, 480 by 800 resolution LCD for 233ppi sharpness. Rear mounted 2.0MP camera, although through some software cleverness it behaves as a 3.0MP unit. 1,400 mAh replaceable battery; claimed battery life is 7 hours talk time. 3G HSPA, Bluetooth 4.0, 802.11 b/g/n WiFi, GPS, FM Radio. 121.6mm by 64.4mm by 11.8mm; weighs 112g. May 24, 2015 - Written By David Steele. Each year, the established manufacturers release a flagship device that costs many hundreds of dollars. But many people are unable, or simply don’t want to spend so much on a smartphone. The flagship is often followed up by lesser models in the range with correspondingly lower specifications. At the bottom of the range we find those unglamorous models with weak specifications and cheaper prices. These models are often skipped over when devices are reviewed because those people who search for online reviews of smartphones are interested in the very latest mobile technology. However, to put things into perspective, the device I am reviewing today has a UK cost of £40. which is less than many people pay per month for their flagship device! The price is exciting, especially when it’s matched to a proper Android smartphone even though there are definite compromises along the way.. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway/ Contest, Enter Today!. Entry level devices mean getting as best an experience possible within tightly controlled costs. As the retail price drops, so the importance of saving a few dollars here or there with a cheaper component becomes more important. This causes compromises on the device that we don’t see on more expensive models: a few dollars here or there to use a lesser component may be a disproportionately large amount for a small hardware budget. The genius of a good entry level handset is in making the right compromises to get the price down but keep the experience up.. Let me introduce the Vodafone Smart first 6, which is made by TCL, the same company behind Alcatel. and yes: “first” is all in lower case. This is Vodafone UK’s take on a 2015 budget Android device. Yes: the customer gets a modest device with modest hardware. As an observation at the start of this review, the first 6 is cheaper than the Android One devices, but the machine’s specification is less than Android One offerings. This is important because Google set down Android One’s minimum specification with the intention of providing customers with a solid Android experience. From the specification, then, we reasonably infer that the first 6 may not provide such a solid Android experience. I’ll write about this later in the review.. As I’ve already written above, the first 6 has a basic core specification set. The Smart first 6 has a rather staid design. The back comes apart for the replaceable battery, MicroSD and MiniSIM. In the box, customers can pick from a black or white rear, which is a nice touch. Along the top edge, there a 3.5mm headphone socket. The lock and volume keys are along the right hand edge as you look at the device and the MicroUSB power and data port is along the bottom edge. There’s a single pin hole for the microphone along the bottom. On the back, you’ll find the single speaker grill and the camera lens.. On the front of the device, at the bottom we see what looks like Lollipop icons at the bottom of the screen. Yes; the first 6 does not use software buttons on the screen but instead has a Back, Home and Menu button along the bottom row. I adapted to this arrangement very quickly: it’s not my preferred way of working with Android but then again I prefer having buttons that are close to Google’s arrangement rather than a physical hardware home button.. Unfortunately, the handset feels somewhat hollow and the battery door is cheap feeling. The screen is a dust and fingerprint magnet, too. But whilst the handset doesn’t feel premium to handle, it’s reasonably compact and lightweight. You also get a spare back in a different color. Ultimately, there’s not so much else to say about the design. It’s neither exciting nor does it need to be.. Vodafone are also sellling a clear rubber back case for the first 6 at £12, available only in stores.. The first 6 has a 4.0-inch, 480 by 800 pixel LCD screen. It’s a non-IPS panel so it doesn’t have the same wide viewing angles as flagship devices and the screen quickly becomes unreadable off angle. However, I found the resolution easy to live with despite using something with a 1080p resolution screen as my normal daily driver. Color reproduction is somewhat flat and dull with the screen brightness turned down but otherwise the screen is easy to live with.. One minor annoyance is that the device does not have an automatic brightness control for the screen. The quickest way to access the brightness widget is with a two finger swipe down on the notification area, then tapping the brightness icon and adjusting here. However, if you’ve made the mistake of not adjusting the brightness up before leaving your house or office, you may find that at low brightness you cannot see the screen well enough to even adjust the brightness which can be a little annoying.. My biggest issue with the screen is that it can occasionally not read my fingertip properly, such that when trying to provide the unlock code or navigating websites, the device behaves as though the calibration is wrong. This was an intermittent issue with the device and bizarrely only seemed to be an issue with certain websites and the lock screen.. The Vodafone Smart first 6 has a single speaker on the back, which is reasonably loud but distorts above the two thirds point. It’ll notify you of things you might need to know about but it’s not so great for watching videos or listening to music. There’s a 3.5mm headphone socket at the top of the device and to my ears, the Smart sounds well balanced for music. When paired up with a Google account, Google Play Music, WiFi and a reasonably sized MicroSD card, the first 6 becomes a respectable music player, but you’ll want to make most of your music available offline. As I wrote above, the first 6 has an older, slower dual-core processor backed up with 512 MB of RAM. This processor is the ARM Cortex-A7 design, which has a bias towards power efficiency rather than performance. For academic reference I’ve put the PCMark. benchmark below but it is no surprise that the device isn’t all that powerful. It doesn’t have the same snap as a mid-range device and sometimes applications take several seconds to open. The sluggish performance is mostly because the device only has 512 MB of RAM, which means the processor must shuffle and reorganize memory contents when switching between applications. CPU Spy reports that the processor spends most of its time at the 1.0 GHz point rather than the 600 MHz point (the lowest clock speed available).. Multitasking, then, means here to switch to a new application and wait for the device to reload. For the serial multitaskers – those people who go from Gmail to Chrome to Instagram to Facebook to Messaging… the first 6 will likely frustrate them. However, to those people who will likely log into Facebook and spend time using just this one application, the first 6 is much less a compromise. Yes, you have to wait several seconds for the Facebook application to load but once you are in, it’s not so bad. Given the likely market for the first 6, this probably isn’t too big a deal but it is something to bear in mind if you’re an existing Android smartphone user.. Another difference between the Smart first 6 and devices with 1 GB or more of RAM is that as you load up more and more connected applications into the first 6, so it struggles more and more. Whilst Android is efficient at dealing with application stubs that are designed to wait until something interesting happens (using the Google Cloud Messaging system), as you add more connected applications, so you use up more and more free RAM. There is over 1.5 GB of space for applications in internal storage but I’d recommend exercising caution before piling on the eBay, Instagram, SnapChat, LinkedIns of the Google Play Store.. To summarize with device performance: the first 6 performs very much in line with my expectations for low end hardware. The phone makes hard work out of switching between applications, but during lighter workloads it’s acceptable. This is reflected with the synthetic PCMark benchmark score of 965:. Vodafone’s Smart first 6 is a 3G only device. It’s contains a quad band GSM / EDGE radio and a 900 / 2,100 MHz HSPA modem capable of a download speed of up to 21.6 Mbps. I had no issues with signal or coverage but as a caveat, I do not use a Vodafone handset so I was not able to compare how well it kept a signal compared with other Vodafone devices. Nevertheless, it was able to maintain a call even when the signal dropped to one bar.. The first 6 comes with 802.11 b/g/n WiFi operating at the 2.4 GHz point. I had no connection issues with the device whatsoever in the personal and public WiFi hotspots that I tried, with the exception that sometimes it wasn’t easy to tap the “connect” button on a public or coffee shop WiFi hotspot.. The first 6 also comes with Bluetooth 4, which uses much less battery than older standards. Again, it worked exactly as I would hope it should. I could connect to my car kit and stream music to a wireless speaker whilst multitasking without issue. Also, leaving Bluetooth on I did not notice a meaningful impact on battery life.. For those of us who buy a ‘phone to talk as much as Tweet, you’ll be pleased to read that the Smart first 6 acquits itself well in this respect. The earpiece is a little quieter than some models but voice quality is respectable. There’s no noise cancelling secondary microphone but people at the other end of line reported that the voice quality was acceptable. As I’ve written above, the device also holds onto a call even when the signal is weak.. One small area of complaint is that when a call comes in and the device is otherwise busy, it can take a couple of seconds before the incoming call screen pops up. a thumbs up in this respect as sometimes call quality is one of the compromises seen in. Vodafone advertise the first 6 as having a 2.0MP rear camera but. with software interpolation takes images with 3.0MP size. As any photographer will tell you, it’s not the number of pixels that the sensor has but the lens quality, the sensor quality and to a lesser extent, the software processing of images once taken. This all read, that the first 6 comes with a camera is fine and it works, but the image quality is not great. You can, however, take up to forty pictures by holding down the shutter button, which Google AutoAwesome will usually string into an animated image. The lack of a front facing camera may annoy the SnapChatters or serial Google Hangouts video callers amongst us, however.. I’ve compiled a small gallery of pictures taken by the first 6:. Smartphone battery life is a very personal thing because all users are different. We have a different blend of applications, we use our devices in different areas to do different things. Anything from the signal, to how often and how we travel through to how frequently we handle our device can make a huge difference to battery life. This means that before I write about my impression of battery life, I need to write about how I use the device. And in the case of the first 6, given the likely target market I tried using the device in a couple of different ways.. To write about the first 6 from the battery life perspective, it comes with a 1,400 mAh battery, which is quite small. However, it also has a 4.0-inch, 480 by 800 pixel screen and a processor optimized for low power consumption and a near-stock software interface, which I hoped might be power efficient.. At first, I decided to bite the bullet and put down my HTC One M8 and pick up the first 6 for a few days. I used my ‘phone to make a few voice calls either via the voice network or Google Hangouts, text and Hangout messages, worked with Gmail and Chrome and listened to music via the Google Play Music application. The Smart is a little sluggish, especially switching from Gmail to Chrome and back again, but works fine. However, streaming music over the 3G network destroyed the battery. I tried this connected to a few masts and the result was the same, as though the modem is especially inefficient. Streaming over WiFi was fine from a battery life perspective. I was able to get through a day of use to a charge providing I downloaded my music before I hit the road, or only streamed via WiFi.. The second usage profile was to disable the mobile data connection of the first 6 and only connect to the Internet via the WiFi network. Some of Vodafone’s literature implies that the first 6 is an ideal device for those customers who don’t want to spend money on a permanent data connection but instead want to enable it when they require it, but otherwise stick to WiFi. The difference in battery life was significant: I went from one day and somewhere a little over two hours of screen on time, to three days and over seven hours of screen on time. As you can see, I was using the device less per day, but it was also using much less battery power in use.. Regardless of if the data connection and WiFi radios are enabled or not, the Smart first 6 sips battery when idle. In this respect, it’s one of the better devices I’ve used, but otherwise the first 6 performed in line with my expectations.. Vodafone’s Smart products use an interface that is similar to stock Android, but has a number of subtle changes. So, you get a launcher that looks like the stock launcher, but has a number of adjustments here and there. It’s fast, however – I did try the Google Experience Launcher and this was too sluggish on the device. There are some additional options buried in the Settings application; some are fairly trivial such as the ability to add the battery percentage on the status bar, plus the ability to adjust how the notification bar appears on the device, too. These include the ability to have the handset automatically turn off at night and back on again in the morning. One particularly nice trick that the first 6 does is that when entering the lock code, the device does not wait for you to tap “Unlock” after you tap in the final digit, instead it unlocks itself.. I did notice the battery statistics looked somewhat off, showing that the screen is not the main power user behind the radios, but the device wasn’t behaving as though the modem or WiFi were massive power hogs.. I started the review by explaining that a budget Android device represents a compromise between performance and price. The Vodafone Smart first 6 errs very much on the side of price rather than performance. Trying to use the device to hold a few conversations in Hangouts whilst listening to music and switching between other applications quickly becomes a frustrating experience as when you switch to another application, you must wait several seconds for the operating system to catch up. However, stick to one application and the first 6 starts to make more sense. Or use it as a cheap Google Play Music device and I can see the appeal. More experienced Android users will be better off saving a little longer for the Motorola Moto E.. And yet… I have enjoyed my time with the first 6. It’s capable for basic gaming; it runs Angry Birds just fine, and can then handle a few emails, calls or text messages.. For the first time Android customer who isn’t. constantly checking their smartphone and who doesn’t want to spend much on a device,. Samsung’s Milk Music And Video Shedding Jobs. Featured: Top 10 Best Android Apps for Buying Movie Tickets. Android Phones , Carriers , Reviews , Tech News. Samsung Announces AI, AR-Focused Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus – MWC 2.... MWC 2018’s most notable announcement has just taken place with Samsung hosting its event and introducing its latest flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S9. This is the first major smartphone to come through from Samsung in 2018 and akin to recent Galaxy S launches, Samsung has unveiled two models: the standard Galaxy S9 and the […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need T.... Mobile World Congress 2018 officially starts tomorrow for when they open the show floor up to attendees at the conference center, but today was the press day full of conferences from some of the biggest manufacturers like Nokia and Samsung, with those two being the most notable. Nokia of course revealed some pretty big details […]. Speck Has Eight Cases For Samsung’s New Galaxy S9 Devices –.... Speck has now announced its own protective cases for the brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, which were revealed today at MWC 2018 in Barcelona. There are 8 cases in total in the new lineup. Those range in price from around $39.95 to just shy of $60 and there are several designs […]. T-Mobile Left Customer Session Vulnerable Again In December. T-Mobile apparently suffered the effects of a previously unreported vulnerability several months ago which would have allowed hackers to log into the site as any one of the company’s subscribers. In fact, the bug was reportedly noted back on December 19 and, according to a statement released by the service provider, was fixed within hours […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are both finally official, and they bring lots of new stuff to the table. Spec wise both are running the latest Snapdragon 845 chipset in the US or the Exynos 9810 internationally, and both feature at least 64GB of internal storage with microSD card support. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus launch appear to have gone off without a hitch but when asked about the company’s long-rumored folding smartphone – tentatively, the Galaxy X – the company is reportedly still not talking, according to CEO DJ Koh who responded to questions about the device during the launch at MWC […]. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MW.... The newly unveiled Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are officially up for pre-order at a growing number of carriers and Vodafone in the UK is another provider which joins that list. Perhaps the most anticipated flagship to be shown at this year’s MWC 2018 event, the devices will be available in three distinct […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Along with the Galaxy S9, Samsung also debuted the Galaxy S9 Plus at Mobile World Congress today, in Barcelona. We got a change to experience it in their “Experience Zone” after the show, and it’s a mighty fine piece of hardware. It is actually a bit more different from its smaller brother this year, other […]. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 –.... Amazon’ Fire TV Stick is one of the better media streaming devices if you want something that gives you access to just about all your favorite movies and TV shows, as it connects you to a world of content from popular services and lets you stream that content right on the TV or monitor that […]. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. EE has now confirmed it is already accepting pre-orders for the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus in the UK. Along with that confirmation EE has provided basic pricing details which vary depending on the plan chosen. For example, those looking to take advantage of EE’s “Essential”plan (4GB data, unlimited talk and text) can pick […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need To Know. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung just took the wraps off of two new smartphones, here at Mobile World Congress. Which include the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. Surprisingly, there is a lot more in terms of differences this year, than just the screen sizes. The smaller, Galaxy S9, has just one camera on the backside. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018.... O2 Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus pre-orders have gone live, and are currently ready for those looking to place their orders as soon as possible. O2 says the pre-orders are available online but it doesn’t state that they’re not available in O2 retail stores, so anyone looking to place those orders in person may […]. Sprint Confirms March 16 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Launch –.... Sprint is set to officially launch the Galaxy S9 on March 16 alongside the Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung’s newest phones which it just unveiled today during Mobile World Congress at the Galaxy Unpacked press conference. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were originally thought to be coming to market as Samsung’s most expensive phones […]. Video: T-Mobile Unboxes Samsung Galaxy S9 On The “Moon”. T-Mobile Product Marketing official Desmond Smith is back with his series of extreme smartphone unboxing videos but is doing things a bit differently for Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. While the setting of his latest unboxing is still unconventional, it’s far less adrenaline-inducing than the environments featured in previous installments of his long-running […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – M.... Samsung held its MWC 2018 event today where the Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus were both formally announced. The event focused quite heavily on the camera features on offer with these phones, and at both the hardware and software levels. What was largely absent from the event, however, was any detailed talk on virtual reality […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are now official and available for pre-order. It’ll be arriving shortly, and now is the time to go ahead and pick up some accessories for your new smartphone. Whether that be a new case, a screen protector, maybe some headphones or even a car mount. Motorola’s New Ad Seems Like Subtle Dig At Competing OEMs. At just 16-seconds in length, Motorola’s latest brand advertisement appears to make no qualms about what the company sees as a common issue in the mobile industry. In fact, it could easily be seen as an indirect dig at some of the Lenovo-owned company’s larger competitors, such as Samsung or Apple. Samsung Outs SmartThings App For Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Major OEM Samsung is not only announcing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus today, but also a new version of the dedicated SmartThings app that will release alongside the new flagships and allow them to act in full capacity as users’ IoT hubs. Along with being able to use all the features of the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts ‘Refined’ Screen, ‘Cinematic’ Audio.... Samsung has revealed how its recently announced Galaxy S9 lineup improves upon the Infinity Display that debuted with last year’s Galaxy S8 series. The South Korean company’s latest flagships improve upon their predecessors in a number of areas, with the. camera and AI features being the main focus. Galaxy S9 Camera Features Better Slow-Mo, Bixby Integration. Samsung is kicking off its time at this year’s Mobile World Congress by outing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus in a series of focused looks at different aspects of the phone, and the camera in particular brings a ton of new features and improvements, such as Super Slow-Mo and deeper integration with the […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Galaxy S9 Combines Iris & Face Scanning, Simplifies Security.... With Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus now officially revealed at MWC 2018, the company has continued the rollout of related product information, specifically highlighting the security features of the two flagships. The firm has unsurprisingly continued to bolster and improve the implementation of its already well-known Knox feature for enterprise and personal users […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Starts At $960 CAD Unlocked In Canada. The unlocked variant of the Galaxy S9 will start at $960 CAD in Canada, whereas the Galaxy S9 Plus will be priced at $1,100 CAD.. Consumers looking to acquire the new devices on a contract will be met with an upfront fee of $249 CAD for the Galaxy S9 and $379 CAD for the Galaxy […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Xfinity Mobile March 16 –.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will come to Xfinity Mobile on March 16 just as with the other carriers in the U.S. and with Samsung’s own online store. Xfinity Mobile customers will be able to get up to $450 off the price of either phone when utilizing a coupe of promotions that […]. Samsung Shares Insights Into 9 New Galaxy S9 Features – MWC.... Tying in with its MWC 2018 reveal of the new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung has now released a new set of hands-on videos showing off 9 of those flagships’ best features. Those, of course, include an overview of the overall design refinements made on top of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy […]. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Powers Samsung Galaxy S9 US Models –.... Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 845 chip is set to power the U.S. variants of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, the chipmaker confirmed Sunday, shortly after Samsung officially announced its latest Android flagships. Gigabit LTE and UHD Premium video recording boasted by the newly unveiled devices are directly enabled by the Snapdragon 845, Qualcomm claims. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. AT&T To Launch Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9 Plus March 16 From $790.... AT&T is set to launch the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus on March 16 from $790, which will be the cost of the Galaxy S9, while the Galaxy S9 Plus will be quite a bit more for a retail cost of $915. As to exact pricing, AT&T will be offering both phones on the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus are now official having been introduced by Samsung today during the company’s MWC 2018 event. Along with the announcement, Samsung has provided some details regarding general – specific to US consumers – pricing and availability. For example, and while prices will vary somewhat if purchased through a carrier, […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Verizon March 16 – MWC 20.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus come to Verizon Wireless on March 16, which is just a few short weeks away. Samsung officially announced the two new phones, its latest flagships, at its Galaxy Unpacked press conference today during Mobile World Congress, showcasing the latest and greatest that it has to offer and […]. T-Mobile Galaxy S9 Hits March 16, Pre-Orders Start March 2 –.... T-Mobile’s Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will launch on March 16 with pre-orders beginning on march 2, following Samsung’s official announcement of the device today at its Galaxy Unpacked event during Mobile World Congress 2018. The carrier will sell three of the four colors that Samsung has produced including the Midnight Black, Coral […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts AR Emoji, Better Biometrics & More.... Samsung on Sunday officially announced the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus following months of anticipation and rumors, having revealed its most capable Android flagships to date. Beyond boasting about their raw processing power, the South Korean phone maker also spent a lot of time talking about various special features of its new series, and […]. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – M.... Samsung had introduced its new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, earlier today, and along with the announcement itself, the company shared some availability info for the two phones. It was announced that the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will go on sale on March 16 in ‘select markets’, while no […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Camera Has Record-Wide & Variable Aperture.... Samsung on Sunday announced its latest Android flagships following much anticipation, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. While the smartphones are arguably offering incremental upgrades over their predecessors in most aspects, they are promising to deliver […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were announced earlier today in Barcelona, we’ve already talked about both of those phones, and took a closer look at the Galaxy S9’s specs, so it’s time to do the same for the Galaxy S9 Plus. Before we start talking about specs, though, it’s worth noting that […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Messages App Uses Tenor GIF Search Engine.... The default Samsung Messages app pre-installed on the newly announced Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will feature native support for GIF search engine Tenor, the two companies said Sunday. The same feature will also be distributed to other Samsung-made devices once it debuts on the Galaxy S9 lineup, with Tenor confirming the rollout will […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung introduced its new flagship smartphones today,. the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, and despite the fact they look almost identical, they do ship with somewhat different spec sheets, so we’re here to take a closer look at what the Galaxy S9 has to offer in that regard. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Uses Galaxy S8 Battery More Efficiently –.... Samsung announced the latest additions to its Android flagship portfolio, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus earlier today. The two devices sport the same Infinity Display AMOLED panels as their predecessors and are similar in terms of their overall physical footprint, thus also featuring Li-Ion batteries similar […]. Nokia Commits Most Future Smartphones To Android One – MWC 2.... Nokia is committing most future smartphones to Android One according to the company, which just announced the changes for its smartphone lineups going forward at Mobile World Congress 2018 during its press conference. Worth noting is that it will have some phones that will be part of the Android Go program as well, but save […]. Nokia 6 (2018) With Android One & Nokia 8110 4G Now Official.... HMD Global took to this year’s iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce five new devices, including a revised version of the Nokia 6 (2018) which originally launched in China early last month. The new model that’s now coming to the West is being released as part of Google’s Android One program meant to showcase […]. Nokia 8 Sirocco Android One Smartphone Announced With SD835.... HMD Global announced five smartphones during its MWC 2018 press conference, and one of those smartphones is the Nokia 8 Sirocco. This handset has been leaking for quite some time now, and the Nokia 8 Sirocco is actually both the most powerful and most expensive device HMD announced today. This is one of two Nokia-branded, […]. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds –.... ZTE arrived at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce a plethora of new products and showcase multiple hi-tech solutions, including its prototype of a 5G-ready smartphone. While the company already managed to break the gigabit mark last year, its latest invention supports download speeds of up to 1.2Gbps, with ZTE describing it […]. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – MWC 2018. Get your app reviewd by our editorial staff. Let us know your insider tip. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Overview Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Not Available | Launch Date in India: Info. (4/5) 1 ratings Rate now. 4.0 inches 480 x 800 pixels. Vodafone Smart First 6 comes with a 4.0 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 480 x 800 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Dual Core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A7, Mediatek MT6572M that is coupled with Mali-400 GPU,. RAM and 4 GB Storage, 512 MB RAM default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 32 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the Vodafone Smart First 6 sports a 2.0 MegaPixels Camera with Yes, Geo Tagging.. Up front, the smartphone from Vodafone makes use of a NA selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the Vodafone Smart First 6 includes Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot, Yes, v4.0, A2DP, Yes, microUSB v2.0, Yes, with A-GPS.. The Vodafone Smart First 6 gets the power from a Li-Ion 1400 mAh Battery.. The Vodafone Smart First 6 runs Android OS, v4.4.2 (KitKat).. The smartphone is priced at Rs. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v4.4.2 (KitKat) Device type Smart Phone ANNOUNCED Global Release Date 2015, May BODY Dimensions 121.6 x 64.4 x 11.8 mm Weight 112 g DISPLAY Screen size 4.0 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 480 x 800 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) WQHD PROCESSOR CPU Dual Core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A7 GPU Mali-400 Chipset Mediatek MT6572M STORAGE Internal Storage 4 GB Storage, 512 MB RAM External Storage Up to 32 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, IM Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 2.0 MegaPixels Camera Front Camera NA Video Recording Yes Camera Features Geo Tagging MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, WAV, eAAC+, FLAC Video Player MP4, XviD, WMV, H.264, H.263 Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Li-Ion 1400 mAh Battery Stand by Up to 393 hrs Talk time Up to 7 hrs CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth Yes, v4.0, A2DP Infrared Port NA USB Yes, microUSB v2.0 GPS Facility Yes, with A-GPS Browser Yes, HTML 3G Speed Yes, HSPA NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 4G NA. 1 GB 8MP. 2 GB 8MP. 2 GB 13MP. 1 GB 8MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;NjgwMDYxfHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Vodafone to launch 4G services by 2015 end. Latest Vodafone Smart First 6 NEWS. Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Home › Vodafone › Smart first 6 Vodafone Smart first 6 - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Vodafone Smart first 6 List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Vodafone Smart first 6 Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight User reviews 1 Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR. Dimensions : 64.4 x 121.6 x 11.8 mm Weight : 112 g SoC : MediaTek MT6572M CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1000 MHz, Cores : 2 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP1, 400 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 512 MB Storage : 4 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC Display : 4 in, TFT, 480 x 800 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 1400 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 4.4.2 KitKat Camera : 1600 x 1200 pixels, 640 x 480 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Mini-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Vodafone Model Smart first 6 Model alias VF695 Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 64.4 mm (millimeters) 6.44 cm (centimeters) 0.21 ft (feet) 2.54 in (inches) Height 121.6 mm (millimeters) 12.16 cm (centimeters) 0.4 ft (feet) 4.79 in (inches) Thickness 11.8 mm (millimeters) 1.18 cm (centimeters) 0.04 ft (feet) 0.46 in (inches) Weight 112 g (grams) 0.25 lbs (pounds) 3.95 oz (ounces) Volume 92.41 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 5.61 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Black White Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Mini-SIM (2FF - second form factor, since late 1990s, 25.00 x 15.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 1 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE Class 12 (118.4 kbit/s , 192-296 kbit/s ) GPRS Class 12 (32-48 kbit/s , 32-48 kbit/s ) HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 4.4.2 KitKat System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6572M Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A7 CPU bits 32 bit Instruction set ARMv7 Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 256 KB (kilobytes) 0.25 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 2 CPU frequency 1000 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-400 MP1 GPU cores 1 GPU frequency 400 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 512 MB (megabytes) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 4 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology TFT Diagonal size 4 in (inches) 101.6 mm (millimeters) 10.16 cm (centimeters) Width 2.06 in (inches) 52.27 mm (millimeters) 5.23 cm (centimeters) Height 3.43 in (inches) 87.12 mm (millimeters) 8.71 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.667:1 5:3 Resolution 480 x 800 pixels Pixel density 233 ppi (pixels per inch) 91 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 58.34 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Accelerometer Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 1600 x 1200 pixels 1.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Geotagging Panorama HDR ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) DivX (.avi, .divx, .mkv) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) VC-1 VP8 Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 1400 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 3G talk time 7 h (hours) 420 min (minutes) 0.3 days 3G stand-by time 393 h (hours) 23580 min (minutes) 16.4 days Features Removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (EU) 1.126 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (EU) 1.101 W/kg (watts per kilogram). Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. The SAR head rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is held next to the ear in a talk position. In Europe, the SAR limit for hand-held mobile devices is set to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard is specified by the CENELEC, complies with the IEC standards and follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998.. This SAR rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is placed at the hip level. The top SAR value for mobile devices used in Europe is limited to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998 as well as the IEC standards and is determined by the CENELEC.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 64.4 x 121.6 x 11.8 mm Weight : 112 g SoC : MediaTek MT6572M CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1000 MHz, Cores : 2 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP1, 400 MHz RAM : 512 MB Storage : 4 GB Display : 4 in, TFT, 480 x 800 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 1400 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 4.4.2 KitKat Camera : 1600 x 1200 pixels, 640 x 480 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
CHOOSE A MOBILE & COMPARE PRICES. Alcatel Pixi 4 4 Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s 128GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s 16GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s 32GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 128GB Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 128GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 128GB Silver. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 16GB Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 16GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 16GB Silver. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Silver. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 64GB Silver. Apple iPhone 7 128GB (PRODUCT) RED. Apple iPhone 7 128GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 128GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 256GB (PRODUCT) RED. Apple iPhone 7 256GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 256GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 32GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 32GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB (PRODUCT) RED. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Silver. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB (PRODUCT) RED. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Silver. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Silver. Apple iPhone 8 Plus 256GB Gold. Apple iPhone 8 Plus 256GB Silver. Apple iPhone 8 Plus 64GB Gold. Apple iPhone 8 Plus 64GB Silver. Apple iPhone SE 128GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone SE 32GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone SE 64GB Rose Gold. Apple Watch Series 3 38mm Space Grey Aluminium Case with Black Sport Band. Apple Watch Series 3 38mm Stainless Steel Case with Soft White Sport Band. Apple Watch Series 3 42mm Silver Aluminium Case with Fog Sport Band. Apple Watch Series 3 42mm Space Grey Aluminium Case with Black Sport Band. Google Pixel 2 128GB Clearly White. Google Pixel 2 128GB Just Black. Google Pixel 2 64GB Clearly White. Google Pixel 2 64GB Just Black. Google Pixel 2 64GB Kinda Blue. Google Pixel 2 XL 128GB Black White. Google Pixel 2 XL 128GB Just Black. Google Pixel 2 XL 64GB Black White. Google Pixel 2 XL 64GB Just Black. Mobile Broadband USB Modem Stick Black. Mobile Broadband USB Modem Stick White. Motorola Moto G5 16GB Fine Gold. Motorola Moto G5 16GB Lunar Grey. Motorola Moto G5 Plus 32GB Lunar Grey. Samsung Galaxy A3 2017 Peach Cloud. Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 Peach Cloud. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Dual SIM Black. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Dual SIM Gold. Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge 128GB Gold Platinum. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Pink Gold. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Arctic Silver. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Coral Blue. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Dual SIM Black. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Dual SIM Orchid Grey. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Orchid Grey. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Rose Pink. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 2016 7.0. Compare > Mobiles > Vodafone Smart First 6. Vodafone Smart First 6 information ratings and reviews. Click the "contract deals" button above to view and compare deals for contract pay as you go, secondhand and recycle deals and offers Vodafone Smart First 6 News, Reviews, Specifications, Downloads and Videos read real user reviews and view full specifications and when you are ready to by click the Contract Deals button above to find the best deals compared from the whole UK mobile phone market.. Free Vodafone Smart First 6. Back to top Vodafone Smart First 6 Reviews. There are no reviews for the Vodafone Smart First 6 yet.. Rated 0 / 10 from 0 reviews. Why not add your own review for the Vodafone Smart First 6?. Enter me into the competition for a chance to win a phone. There are no Vodafone Smart First 6 reviews yet if you have used this phone before why not be the first to add a review?. Reviewing this mobile phone will help others to decide if the Vodafone Smart First 6 is the best phone for them, you can be as descriptive as you like, describe the features and functions you think are the most useful, remember to include the bad points to, the bits you think could have been better or made simpler perhaps. Add a Vodafone Smart First 6 review.. Back to top Vodafone Smart First 6 Specifications. Vodafone Smart First 6 Features And Specifications. 121.6 x 64.4 x 11.8 mm (4. 2 MP, 1600 x 1200 pixels. Home | About us | Privacy & Cookies | Terms of use | Link to us | Contact us | Be compared | Blog. 
We use cookies and similar technologies (“cookies”) to help give you the best experience on our site and to show you relevant advertising. If you continue to use this site, we’ll assume that you’re happy to receive all cookies.. We use cookies and similar technologies (“cookies”) to help give you the best experience on our site and to show you relevant advertising. If you continue to use this site, we’ll assume that you’re happy to receive all cookies.. Small Screen TVs (19" to 26"). Medium Screen TVs (27'' to 38''). Large Screen TVs (39'' to 49''). Extra Large Screen TVs (50'' and above). Tesco Mobile Pay As You Go Phones. Smart Speakers & Multi Room Speakers. Sat Nav, GPS & Fitness Trackers. Small Screen TVs (19" to 26"). Medium Screen TVs (27'' to 38''). Large Screen TVs (39'' to 49''). Extra Large Screen TVs (50'' and above). Sideboards, Display Cabinets & Console Tables. Sideboards, Display Cabinets & Console Tables. See All Garden & Conservatory Furniture. See All Garden Buildings & Storage Structures. See All BBQs, Charcoal & Patio Heaters. See All Fence Panels, Fencing & Landscaping. Lawn Mowers & Garden Power Tools. See All Lawn Mowers & Garden Power Tools. See All Garden Hand Tools & Wheelbarrows. See All Planting, Growing & Watering. See All Outdoor Lighting & Décor. See All Pets Wildlife & Care. Trend: Jeans And A Nice Top. See All Women's Shoes & Sandals. See All Women's Nightwear & Slippers. See All Men's Shoes & Accessories. 2 for £25 on Selected Chinos. 2 for £25 on Selected Oxford Shirts. 2 for £8 on Selected T-Shirts. Baby & Kids' Clothing & Shoes. See All Baby & Kids' Clothing & Shoes. See All Baby Clothing & Shoes. See All Boys' Clothing & Shoes. See All Girls' Clothing & Shoes. Baby Monitors, Stair Gates & Safety. See All Nursery Furniture & Bedding. See All Car Seats & Baby Travel. See All Baby & Toddler Toys. Baby Monitors, Stair Gates & Safety. See All Baby Monitors, Stair Gates & Safety. Star Wars Action Figures & Playsets. All Fancy Dress & Pretend Play. All Toy Cars, Trains & Planes. See All Fitness Equipment & Machinery. See All Car, Motoring & Travel. See All Car Roof Boxes & Bars. See All Gift Wrap & Greeting Cards. Tesco Clubcard collect 1 point for every £1 you spend. Free deliveries for a month. We no longer sell this product.. Make sure you're there to give Mum her perfect present from Tesco direct. 4-inch WQHD touchscreen 2MP camera with video recording Android 4.4 operating system, Dual-core processor. Packed with user-friendly features, the Vodafone Smart first 6 is designed to accommodate your lifestyle. The smartphone comes equipped with a 4-inch WQHD capacitive touchscreen for rich visuals and detailed graphics, and runs on the powerful Dual-core processor that provides speedy web browsing with seamless multitasking.. Capture high quality photos and videos with sound with the Smart first 6’s built-in 2-megapixel camera. The smartphone also features GPS technology that lets you use your device as a pedestrian or car navigation system.. Vodafone apps allow you to connect and share with confidence; the Vodafone Guardian app is free and easy to use, helping to keep your children safe when using their smartphones. With Vodafone Guardian, you can choose who can call or SMS your child and set permitted hours for calling among many more security settings.. Handset and Battery, Mains Charger, Headset, USB Cable, Nano Sim, User Guide. Could we improve this page? Please tell us. Take a look at our buying guide. We have a range of purchase credit cards to choose from. Brought to you by Tesco Bank.. Free deliveries for a month - Start your Free Trial. Tesco Partners - Our guarantee to you. Find out more about shopping with our Tesco Partners - protected by the Tesco Partner Guarantee. View search results for Vodafone Smartphones. Not found what you're looking for?. © Tesco.com 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
Vodafone - Înapoi la pagina principală. Ascunde conţinutul pentru Servicii şi tarife. Lucrăm la îmbunătăţirea serviciului de chat, pentru ca experienţa ta să fie întotdeauna cea mai bună. Între timp, ne poţi contacta prin chat din aplicaţia MyVodafone sau prin e-mail .. Acest telefon nu mai este in oferta Vodafone. Descoperă produsele similare aflate in stoc.. Ai ales să primesti informaţii când reintră în stoc produsul. Solicitarea a fost trimisă cu succes. îndată ce produsul va reintra in stoc.. Ajutor rapid pentru orice operatie online Ajutor cumparaturi online. Cum cumpar Detalii livrare Cum platesc Detalii comanda. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. Search by device, brand or item. You have no items in your shopping basket.. Samsung Galaxy A8 2018 Accessories Galaxy A8 2018 Car Holders Galaxy A8 2018 Car Chargers Galaxy A8 2018 Cases Galaxy A8 2018 Chargers Galaxy A8 2018 Docks Galaxy A8 2018 Power Banks Galaxy A8 2018 Screen Protectors Galaxy A8 2018 Speakers Galaxy A8 2018 Stands Galaxy A8 2018 Stylus All Galaxy A8 2018 Accessories Galaxy Note 8 Accessories Galaxy Note 8 Car Chargers Galaxy Note 8 Car Holders Galaxy Note 8 Cases Galaxy Note 8 Chargers Galaxy Note 8 Headphones Galaxy Note 8 Power Banks Galaxy Note 8 Screen Protectors Galaxy Note 8 Speakers Galaxy Note 8 Stands Galaxy Note 8 Stylus All Galaxy Note 8 Accessories Galaxy S8 Accessories Galaxy S8 Car Chargers Galaxy S8 Car Holders Galaxy S8 Cases Galaxy S8 Chargers Galaxy S8 Docks Galaxy S8 Power Banks Galaxy S8 Screen Protectors Galaxy S8 Speakers Galaxy S8 Stands Galaxy S8 Stylus All Galaxy S8 Accessories Galaxy S8 Plus Accessories Galaxy S8 Plus Car Chargers Galaxy S8 Plus Car Holders Galaxy S8 Plus Cases Galaxy S8 Plus Chargers Galaxy S8 Plus Docks Galaxy S8 Plus Power Banks Galaxy S8 Plus Screen Protectors Galaxy S8 Plus Speakers Galaxy S8 Plus Stands Galaxy S8 Plus Stylus All Galaxy S8 Plus Accessories Galaxy A5 2017 Accessories Galaxy A5 2017 Car Chargers Galaxy A5 2017 Car Holders Galaxy A5 2017 Cases Galaxy A5 2017 Chargers Galaxy A5 2017 Docks Galaxy A5 2017 Power Banks Galaxy A5 2017 Screen Protectors Galaxy A5 2017 Speakers Galaxy A5 2017 Stylus Galaxy A5 2017 VR Headsets All Galaxy Galaxy A5 2017 Accessories Galaxy S7 Edge Accessories Galaxy S7 Edge Car Holders Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Galaxy S7 Edge Chargers Galaxy S7 Edge Power Banks Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Galaxy S7 Edge Speakers Galaxy S7 Edge Stands Galaxy S7 Edge Stylus Galaxy S7 Edge Qi Wireless Chargers Galaxy S7 Edge VR Headsets All Galaxy S7 Edge Accessories Galaxy S7 Accessories Galaxy S7 Car Holders Galaxy S7 Cases Galaxy S7 Chargers Galaxy S7 Power Banks Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Galaxy S7 Speakers Galaxy S7 Stands Galaxy S7 Stylus Galaxy S7 Qi Wireless Chargers Galaxy S7 VR Headsets All Galaxy S7 Accessories Other Samsung Devices Galaxy S9 Cases Galaxy S9 Plus Cases Galaxy A3 2017 Cases Galaxy J3 2016 Accessories Galaxy J5 2016 Accessories Galaxy A3 2016 Accessories Galaxy A5 2016 Accessories Galaxy S6 Accessories Galaxy S6 Edge Accessories Galaxy Note 5 Accessories Galaxy Note 4 Accessories See all Samsung Devices See all Samsung Accessories Apple iPhone X Accessories iPhone X Cables iPhone X Car Holders iPhone X Cases iPhone X Chargers iPhone X Docks iPhone X Power Banks iPhone X Screen Protectors iPhone X Speakers iPhone X Stylus iPhone X Wireless Chargers All iPhone X Accessories iPhone 8 Accessories iPhone 8 Cables iPhone 8 Car Holders iPhone 8 Cases iPhone 8 Chargers iPhone 8 Docks iPhone 8 Wireless Chargers iPhone 8 Power Banks iPhone 8 Screen Protectors iPhone 8 Speakers iPhone 8 Stylus All iPhone 8 Accessories iPhone 8 Plus Accessories iPhone 8 Plus Cables iPhone 8 Plus Car Holders iPhone 8 Plus Cases iPhone 8 Plus Chargers iPhone 8 Plus Docks iPhone 8 Plus Wireless Chargers iPhone 8 Plus Power Banks iPhone 8 Plus Screen Protectors iPhone 8 Plus Speakers iPhone 8 Plus Stylus All iPhone 8 Plus Accessories iPhone 7 Accessories iPhone 7 Car Holders iPhone 7 Cases iPhone 7 Chargers iPhone 7 Earphones iPhone 7 Power Banks iPhone 7 Screen Protectors iPhone 7 Speakers iPhone 7 Stylus iPhone 7 VR Headsets iPhone 7 Wireless Charging Adapters All iPhone 7 Accessories iPhone 7 Plus Accessories iPhone 7 Plus Car Holders iPhone 7 Plus Cases iPhone 7 Plus Chargers iPhone 7 Plus Headphones & Earphones iPhone 7 Plus Power Banks iPhone 7 Plus Screen Protectors iPhone 7 Plus Speakers iPhone 7 Plus Stylus iPhone 7 Plus VR Headsets iPhone 7 Plus Wireless Charging Adapters All iPhone 7 Plus Accessories iPhone SE Accessories iPhone SE Car Holders iPhone SE Cases iPhone SE Chargers iPhone SE Docks iPhone SE Headphones iPhone SE Power Banks iPhone SE Stands iPhone SE Screen Protectors iPhone SE Speakers iPhone SE Stylus All iPhone SE Accessories iPhone 6S Accessories iPhone 6S Car Holders iPhone 6S Cases iPhone 6S Chargers iPhone 6S Docks iPhone 6S Headphones iPhone 6S Power Banks iPhone 6S Screen Protectors iPhone 6S Stylus iPhone 6S VR Headsets iPhone 6S Wireless Charging All iPhone 6S Accessories More Apple Accessories iPhone Cables iPhone Car Chargers iPhone Car Holders iPhone Cases iPhone Chargers iPhone Covers iPhone Screen Protectors iPhone 6S Plus Cases iPhone 6 Plus Cases iPhone 6 Case See all Apple Devices See accessories for all Apple devices Huawei Huawei P10 Accessories Huawei P10 Car Chargers Huawei P10 Car Holders Huawei P10 Cases Huawei P10 Chargers Huawei P10 Docks Huawei P10 Power Banks Huawei P10 Screen Protectors Huawei P10 Speakers Huawei P10 Stylus Huawei P10 VR Headsets All Huawei P10 Accessories Huawei P10 Lite Accessories Huawei P10 Lite Car Chargers Huawei P10 Lite Car Holders Huawei P10 Lite Cases Huawei P10 Lite Chargers Huawei P10 Lite Docks Huawei P10 Lite Headphones Huawei P10 Lite Power Banks Huawei P10 Lite Screen Protectors Huawei P10 Lite Speakers Huawei P10 Lite Stylus All Huawei P10 Lite Accessories Huawei Mate 10 Pro Accessories Huawei Mate 10 Pro Car Chargers Huawei Mate 10 Pro Car Holders Huawei Mate 10 Pro Cases Huawei Mate 10 Pro Chargers Huawei Mate 10 Pro Docks Huawei Mate 10 Pro Power Banks Huawei Mate 10 Pro Screen Protectors Huawei Mate 10 Pro Speakers Huawei Mate 10 Pro Stylus Huawei Mate 10 Pro VR Headsets All Huawei Mate 10 Pro Accessories Huawei Mate 10 Lite Accessories Huawei Mate 10 Lite Car Chargers Huawei Mate 10 Lite Car Holders Huawei Mate 10 Lite Cases Huawei Mate 10 Lite Chargers Huawei Mate 10 Lite Docks Huawei Mate 10 Lite Headphones Huawei Mate 10 Lite Power Banks Huawei Mate 10 Lite Screen Protectors Huawei Mate 10 Lite Speakers Huawei Mate 10 Lite Stylus All Huawei Mate 10 Lite Accessories Huawei Honor 9 Accessories Huawei Honor 9 Car Chargers Huawei Honor 9 Car Holders Huawei Honor 9 Cases Huawei Honor 9 Chargers Huawei Honor 9 Docks Huawei Honor 9 Headphones Huawei Honor 9 Power Banks Huawei Honor 9 Screen Protectors Huawei Honor 9 Speakers Huawei Honor 9 Stylus All Huawei Honor 9 Accessories Huawei P9 Accessories Huawei P9 Car Chargers Huawei P9 Car Holders Huawei P9 Cases Huawei P9 Chargers Huawei P9 Desk Stands Huawei P9 Docks Huawei P9 Power Banks Huawei P9 Screen Protectors Huawei P9 Speakers Huawei P9 Stylus All Huawei P9 Accessories Huawei P9 Lite Accessories Huawei P9 Lite Car Chargers Huawei P9 Lite Car Holders Huawei P9 Lite Cases Huawei P9 Lite Chargers Huawei P9 Lite Desk Stands Huawei P9 Lite Docks Huawei P9 Lite Power Banks Huawei P9 Lite Screen Protectors Huawei P9 Lite Speakers Huawei P9 Lite Stylus All Huawei P9 Lite Accessories Huawei P8 Lite Accessories Huawei P8 Lite Batteries Huawei P8 Lite Car Chargers Huawei P8 Lite Car Holders Huawei P8 Lite Cases Huawei P8 Lite Chargers Huawei P8 Lite Docks Huawei P8 Lite Headphones Huawei P8 Lite Screen Protectors Huawei P8 Lite Speakers Huawei P8 Lite Stylus All Huawei P8 Lite Accessories See accessories for all Huawei devices Sony Xperia Xperia XZ1 Accessories Xperia XZ1 Car Chargers Xperia XZ1 Car Holders Xperia XZ1 Cases Xperia XZ1 Chargers Xperia XZ1 Docks Xperia XZ1 Headphones Xperia XZ1 Power Banks Xperia XZ1 Screen Protectors Xperia XZ1 Speakers Xperia XZ1 Stylus All Xperia XZ1 Accessories Xperia XZ1 Compact Accessories Xperia XZ1 Compact Car Chargers Xperia XZ1 Compact Car Holders Xperia XZ1 Compact Cases Xperia XZ1 Compact Chargers Xperia XZ1 Compact Docks Xperia XZ1 Compact Headphones Xperia XZ1 Compact Power Banks Xperia XZ1 Compact Screen Protectors Xperia XZ1 Compact Speakers Xperia XZ1 Compact Stylus All Xperia XZ1 Compact Accessories Xperia XZ Premium Accessories Xperia XZ Premium Car Chargers Xperia XZ Premium Car Holders Xperia XZ Premium Cases Xperia XZ Premium Chargers Xperia XZ Premium Docks Xperia XZ Premium Headphones Xperia XZ Premium Power Banks Xperia XZ Premium Screen Protectors Xperia XZ Premium Speakers Xperia XZ Premium Stylus All Xperia XZ Premium Accessories Xperia XA1 Accessories Xperia XA1 Car Chargers Xperia XA1 Car Holders Xperia XA1 Cases Xperia XA1 Chargers Xperia XA1 Docks Xperia XA1 Headphones Xperia XA1 Power Banks Xperia XA1 Screen Protectors Xperia XA1 Speakers Xperia XA1 Stylus All Xperia XA1 Accessories Xperia XA1 Ultra Accessories Xperia XA1 Ultra Car Chargers Xperia XA1 Ultra Car Holders Xperia XA1 Ultra Cases Xperia XA1 Ultra Chargers Xperia XA1 Ultra Docks Xperia XA1 Ultra Headphones Xperia XA1 Ultra Power Banks Xperia XA1 Ultra Screen Protectors Xperia XA1 Ultra Speakers Xperia XA1 Ultra Stylus All Xperia XA1 Ultra Accessories Xperia L1 Accessories Xperia L1 Car Chargers Xperia L1 Car Holders Xperia L1 Cases Xperia L1 Chargers Xperia L1 Docks Xperia L1 Headphones Xperia L1 Power Banks Xperia L1 Screen Protectors Xperia L1 Speakers Xperia L1 Stylus All Xperia L1 Accessories Xperia XZ Accessories Xperia XZ Car Chargers Xperia XZ Car Holders Xperia XZ Cases Xperia XZ Chargers Xperia XZ Docks Xperia XZ Headphones Xperia XZ Power Banks Xperia XZ Screen Protectors Xperia XZ Speakers Xperia XZ Stylus All Xperia XZ Accessories Xperia XA Accessories Xperia XA Car Chargers Xperia XA Car Holders Xperia XA Cases Xperia XA Chargers Xperia XA Docks Xperia XA Headphones Xperia XA Power Banks Xperia XA Screen Protectors Xperia XA Speakers Xperia XA Stylus All Xperia XA Accessories See accessories for all Sony devices Motorola Moto G5S Accessories Moto G5S Chargers Moto G5S Car Chargers Moto G5S Cases Moto G5S Car Holders Moto G5S Docks Moto G5S Headphones Moto G5S Power Banks Moto G5S Screen Protectors Moto G5S Speakers Moto G5S Stylus All Moto G5S Accessories Moto G5S Plus Accessories Moto G5S Plus Car Chargers Moto G5S Plus Car Holders Moto G5S Plus Cases Moto G5S Plus Chargers Moto G5S Plus Docks Moto G5S Plus Headphones Moto G5S Plus Power Banks Moto G5S Plus Screen Protectors Moto G5S Plus Speakers Moto G5S Plus Stylus All Moto G5S Plus Accessories Moto G5 Accessories Moto G5 Car Chargers Moto G5 Car Holders Moto G5 Cases Moto G5 Chargers Moto G5 Docks Moto G5 Headphones Moto G5 Power Banks Moto G5 Screen Protectors Moto G5 Speakers Moto G5 Stylus All Moto G5 Accessories Moto G5 Plus Accessories Moto G5 Plus Car Chargers Moto G5 Plus Car Holders Moto G5 Plus Cases Moto G5 Plus Chargers Moto G5 Plus Docks Moto G5 Plus Headphones Moto G5 Plus Power Banks Moto G5 Plus Screen Protectors Moto G5 Plus Speakers Moto G5 Plus Stylus All Moto G5 Plus Accessories Moto E4 Accessories Moto E4 Car Chargers Moto E4 Car Holders Moto E4 Cases Moto E4 Chargers Moto E4 Docks Moto E4 Headphones Moto E4 Power Banks Moto E4 Screen Protectors Moto E4 Speakers Moto E4 Stylus All Moto E4 Accessories Moto E4 Plus Accessories Moto E4 Plus Car Chargers Moto E4 Plus Car Holders Moto E4 Plus Cases Moto E4 Plus Chargers Moto E4 Plus Desk Stands Moto E4 Plus Docks Moto E4 Plus Power Banks Moto E4 Plus Screen Protectors Moto E4 Plus Speakers Moto E4 Plus Stylus All Moto E4 Plus Accessories Moto G4 Accessories Moto G4 Car Chargers Moto G4 Car Holders Moto G4 Chargers Moto G4 Cases Moto G4 Docks Moto G4 Headphones Moto G4 Power Banks Moto G4 Screen Protectors Moto G4 Speakers Moto G4 Stylus All Moto G4 Accessories Other Moto Devices Moto C Accessories Moto C Plus Accessories Moto G4 Play Accessories Moto G4 Plus Accessories Moto Z Force Accessories Moto Z Play Accessories Moto X Force Accessories Moto X Play Accessories Moto X Style Accessories Moto G 3rd Gen Accessories All Moto Devices See accessories for all Motorola devices Google Google Pixel 2 Accessories Google Pixel 2 Car Chargers Google Pixel 2 Car Holders Google Pixel 2 Cases Google Pixel 2 Chargers Google Pixel 2 Docks Google Pixel 2 Power Banks Google Pixel 2 Screen Protectors Google Pixel 2 Speakers Google Pixel 2 Stands Google Pixel 2 Stylus All Google Pixel 2 Accessories Google Pixel 2 XL Accessories Google Pixel 2 XL Car Chargers Google Pixel 2 XL Car Holders Google Pixel 2 XL Cases Google Pixel 2 XL Chargers Google Pixel 2 XL Docks Google Pixel 2 XL Power Banks Google Pixel 2 XL Screen Protectors Google Pixel 2 XL Speakers Google Pixel 2 XL Stands Google Pixel 2 XL Stylus All Google Pixel 2 XL Accessories Google Pixel Accessories Google Pixel Car Chargers Google Pixel Car Holders Google Pixel Cases Google Pixel Chargers Google Pixel Docks Google Pixel Headphones Google Pixel Power Banks Google Pixel Screen protectors Google Pixel Speakers Google Pixel Stylus All Google Pixel Accessories Google Pixel XL Accessories Google Pixel XL Car Chargers Google Pixel XL Car Holders Google Pixel XL Cases Google Pixel XL Chargers Google Pixel XL Docks Google Pixel XL Headphones Google Pixel XL Power Banks Google Pixel XL Screen Protectors Google Pixel XL Speakers Google Pixel XL Stands All Google Pixel XL Accessories Nexus 6P Accessories Nexus 6P Car Chargers Nexus 6P Car Holders Nexus 6P Cases Nexus 6P Chargers Nexus 6P Desk Stands Nexus 6P Docks Nexus 6P Power Banks Nexus 6P Screen Protectors Nexus 6P Speakers Nexus 6P Stylus All Nexus 6P Accessories Nexus 5X Accessories Nexus 5X Car Chargers Nexus 5X Car Holders Nexus 5X Cases Nexus 5X Chargers Nexus 5X Desk Stands Nexus 5X Docks Nexus 5X Headphones Nexus 5X Screen Protectors Nexus 5X Speakers Nexus 5X Stylus All Nexus 5X Accessories Nexus 5 2013 Accessories Nexus 5 2013 Car Chargers Nexus 5 2013 Car Holders Nexus 5 2013 Cases Nexus 5 2013 Chargers Nexus 5 2013 Desk Stands Nexus 5 2013 Docks Nexus 5 2013 Headphones Nexus 5 2013 Screen Protectors Nexus 5 2013 Speakers Nexus 5 2013 Stylus All Nexus 5 2013 Accessories Google Nexus 7 2013 Accessories Google Nexus 7 2013 Car Chargers Google Nexus 7 2013 Car Holders Google Nexus 7 2013 Cases Google Nexus 7 2013 Chargers Google Nexus 7 2013 Desk Stands Google Nexus 7 2013 Docks Google Nexus 7 2013 Headphones Google Nexus 7 2013 Screen Protectors Google Nexus 7 2013 Speakers Google Nexus 7 2013 Stylus All Google Nexus 7 2013 Accessories See accessories for all Google devices OnePlus OnePlus 5T Accessories OnePlus 5T Car Chargers OnePlus 5T Car Holders OnePlus 5T Cases OnePlus 5T Chargers OnePlus 5T Docks OnePlus 5T Headphones OnePlus 5T Power Banks OnePlus 5T Screen Protectors OnePlus 5T Speakers OnePlus 5T Stylus All OnePlus 5T Accessories OnePlus 5 Accessories OnePlus 5 Car Chargers OnePlus 5 Car Holders OnePlus 5 Cases OnePlus 5 Chargers OnePlus 5 Desk Stands OnePlus 5 Docks OnePlus 5 Power Banks OnePlus 5 Screen Protectors OnePlus 5 Speakers OnePlus 5 Stylus All OnePlus 5 Accessories OnePlus 3T Accessories OnePlus 3T Car Chargers OnePlus 3T Car Holders OnePlus 3T Cases OnePlus 3T Chargers OnePlus 3T Docks OnePlus 3T Headphones OnePlus 3T Screen Protectors OnePlus 3T Speakers OnePlus 3T Stylus OnePlus 3T VR Headsets All OnePlus 3T Accessories OnePlus 3 Accessories OnePlus 3 Car Chargers OnePlus 3 Car Holders OnePlus 3 Cases OnePlus 3 Chargers OnePlus 3 Docks OnePlus 3 Power Banks OnePlus 3 Screen Protecotors OnePlus 3 Speakers OnePlus 3 Stylus OnePlus 3 Stands All OnePlus 3 Accessories OnePlus 2 Accessories OnePlus 2 Cables OnePlus 2 Car Chargers OnePlus 2 Car Holders OnePlus 2 Cases OnePlus 2 Chargers OnePlus 2 Desk Stands OnePlus 2 Docks OnePlus 2 Screen Protectors OnePlus 2 Speakers OnePlus 2 Stylus All OnePlus 2 Accessories OnePlus One Accessories OnePlus One Car Chargers OnePlus One Car Holders OnePlus One Cases OnePlus One Chargers OnePlus One Covers OnePlus One Desk Stands OnePlus One Docks OnePlus One Screen Protectors OnePlus One Speakers OnePlus One Stylus All OnePlus One Accessories LG LG V30 Accessories LG V30 Car Chargers LG V30 Car Holders LG V30 Cases LG V30 Chargers LG V30 Docks LG V30 Headphones LG V30 Power Banks LG V30 Screen Protectors LG V30 Speakers LG V30 VR Headsets All LG V30 Accessories LG G6 Accessories LG G6 Car Chargers LG G6 Car Holders LG G6 Cases LG G6 Chargers LG G6 Docks LG G6 Headphones LG G6 Power Banks LG G6 Screen Protectors LG G6 Speakers LG G6 VR Headsets All LG G6 Accessories LG G5 Accessories LG G5 Car Chargers LG G5 Car Holders LG G5 Cases LG G5 Chargers LG G5 Docks LG G5 and Friends LG G5 Headphones LG G5 Power Banks LG G5 Screen Protectors LG G5 VR Headsets All LG G5 Accessories LG K8 2017 Accessories LG K8 2017 Car Chargers LG K8 2017 Car Holders LG K8 2017 Cases LG K8 2017 Chargers LG K8 2017 Desk Stands LG K8 2017 Docks LG K8 2017 Memory Cards LG K8 2017 Screen Protectors LG K8 2017 Speakers LG K8 2017 Stylus All LG K8 2017 Accessories LG G4 Accessories LG G4 Car Chargers LG G4 Car Holders LG G4 Cases LG G4 Chargers LG G4 Docks LG G4 Headphones LG G4 Keyboards LG G4 Screen Protectors LG G4 Speakers LG G4 Stylus All LG G4 Accessories LG Stylo 2 Accessories LG Stylo 2 Car Chargers LG Stylo 2 Car Holders LG Stylo 2 Cases LG Stylo 2 Chargers LG Stylo 2 Docks LG Stylo 2 Headphones LG Stylo 2 Memory Cards LG Stylo 2 Screen Protectors LG Stylo 2 Speakers LG Stylo 2 Stylus All LG Stylo 2 Accessories LG Stylo 2 Plus Accessories LG Stylo 2 Plus Car Chargers LG Stylo 2 Plus Car Holders LG Stylo 2 Plus Cases LG Stylo 2 Plus Chargers LG Stylo 2 Plus Docks LG Stylo 2 Plus Power Banks LG Stylo 2 Plus Screen Protectors LG Stylo 2 Plus Speakers LG Stylo 2 Plus Stylus LG Stylo 2 Plus VR Headsets All LG Stylo 2 Plus Accessories LG K10 2017 Accessories LG K10 2017 Car Chargers LG K10 2017 Car Holders LG K10 2017 Cases LG K10 2017 Chargers LG K10 2017 Docks LG K10 2017 Memory Cards LG K10 2017 Power Banks LG K10 2017 Screen Protectors LG K10 2017 Speakers LG K10 2017 Stylus All LG K10 2017 Accessories All LG Accessories HTC HTC U11 Plus Accessories HTC U11 Plus Car Chargers HTC U11 Plus Car Holders HTC U11 Plus Cases HTC U11 Plus Chargers HTC U11 Plus Docks HTC U11 Plus Headphones HTC U11 Plus Power Banks HTC U11 Plus Screen Protectors HTC U11 Plus Speakers HTC U11 Plus VR Headsets HTC U11 Plus Accessories HTC U11 Life Accessories HTC U11 Life Car Chargers HTC U11 Life Car Holders HTC U11 Life Cases HTC U11 Life Chargers HTC U11 Life Docks HTC U11 Life Headphones HTC U11 Life Power Banks HTC U11 Life Screen Protectors HTC U11 Life Speakers HTC U11 Life VR Headsets HTC U11 Life Accessories HTC U11 Accessories HTC U11 Car Chargers HTC U11 Car Holders HTC U11 Cases HTC U11 Chargers HTC U11 Docks HTC U11 Headphones HTC U11 Power Banks HTC U11 Screen Protectors HTC U11 Speakers HTC U11 Stylus All HTC U11 Accessories HTC U Play Accessories HTC U Play Car Chargers HTC U Play Car Holders HTC U Play Cases HTC U Play Chargers HTC U Play Desk Stands HTC U Play Docks HTC U Play Headphones HTC U Play Screen Protectors HTC U Play Speakers HTC U Play Stylus All HTC U Play Accessories HTC U Ultra Accessories HTC U Ultra Car Chargers HTC U Ultra Car Holders HTC U Ultra Cases HTC U Ultra Chargers HTC U Ultra Docks HTC U Ultra Power Banks HTC U Ultra Screen Protectors HTC U Ultra Speakers HTC U Ultra Stylus HTC U Ultra VR Headsets All HTC U Ultra Accessories HTC One M9 Accessories HTC One M9 Car Chargers HTC One M9 Car Holders HTC One M9 Cases HTC One M9 Chargers HTC One M9 Docks HTC One M9 Headphones HTC One M9 Power Banks HTC One M9 Screen Protectors HTC One M9 Speakers HTC One M9 Stylus All HTC One M9 Accessories HTC Desire 10 Pro Accessories HTC Desire 10 Pro Car Chargers HTC Desire 10 Pro Car Holders HTC Desire 10 Pro Cases HTC Desire 10 Pro Chargers HTC Desire 10 Pro Desk Stands HTC Desire 10 Pro Docks HTC Desire 10 Pro Headphones HTC Desire 10 Pro Screen Protectors HTC Desire 10 Pro Speakers HTC Desire 10 Pro Stylus All HTC Desire 10 Pro Accessories HTC 10 Accessories HTC 10 Car Chargers HTC 10 Car Holders HTC 10 Cases HTC 10 Chargers HTC 10 Desk Stands HTC 10 Docks HTC 10 Power Banks HTC 10 Screen Protectors HTC 10 Speakers HTC 10 Stylus All HTC 10 Accessories See accessories for all HTC devices iPad iPad Accessories iPad Car Holders iPad Cases iPad Chargers iPad Desk Stands iPad Docks iPad Headphones iPad Keyboards iPad Screen Protectors iPad Smart Covers iPad Stylus All iPad Accessories iPad 9.7 2017 Accessories iPad 9.7 2017 Cables iPad 9.7 2017 Car Holders iPad 9.7 2017 Cases iPad 9.7 2017 Chargers iPad 9.7 2017 Docks iPad 9.7 2017 Headphones iPad 9.7 2017 Power Banks iPad 9.7 2017 Screen Protectors iPad 9.7 2017 Speakers iPad 9.7 2017 Stylus All iPad 9.7 2017 Accessories iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Accessories iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Cables iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Car Holders iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Cases iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Chargers iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Docks iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Headphones iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Keyboards iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Screen Protectors iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Speakers iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Stylus All iPad Pro 12.9 Inch Accessories iPad Pro 10.5 Accessories iPad Pro 10.5 Cables iPad Pro 10.5 Car Holders iPad Pro 10.5 Cases iPad Pro 10.5 Chargers iPad Pro 10.5 Docks iPad Pro 10.5 Headphones iPad Pro 10.5 Keyboards iPad Pro 10.5 Screen Protectors iPad Pro 10.5 Speakers iPad Pro 10.5 Stylus All iPad Pro 10.5 Accessories iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Accessories iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Cables iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Car Holders iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Cases iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Chargers iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Docks iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Headphones iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Keyboards iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Screen Protectors iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Speakers iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Stylus All iPad Pro 9.7 Inch Accessories iPad Air 2 Accessories iPad Air 2 Cables iPad Air 2 Car Holders iPad Air 2 Cases iPad Air 2 Chargers iPad Air 2 Docks iPad Air 2 Headphones iPad Air 2 Keyboards iPad Air 2 Screen Protectors iPad Air 2 Speakers iPad Air 2 Stylus All iPad Air 2 Accessories iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Accessories iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Cables iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Car Holders iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Cases iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Chargers iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Docks iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Headphones iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Keyboards iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Screen Protectors iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Speakers iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Stylus All iPad Pro 12.9 2017 Accessories iPad Mini 4 Accessories iPad Mini 4 Cables iPad Mini 4 Car Holders iPad Mini 4 Cases iPad Mini 4 Chargers iPad Mini 4 Docks iPad Mini 4 Headphones iPad Mini 4 Keyboards iPad Mini 4 Screen Protectors iPad Mini 4 Speakers iPad Mini 4 Stylus All iPad Mini 4 Accessories MacBook MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar Accessories Pro 13 with Touch Bar Adapters Pro 13 with Touch Bar Cables Pro 13 with Touch Bar Cases Pro 13 with Touch Bar Chargers Pro 13 with Touch Bar Dongles Pro 13 with Touch Bar Headphones Pro 13 with Touch Bar Screen Protectors Pro 13 with Touch Bar Stands All Pro 13 with Touch Bar Accessories MacBook Pro 15 with Touch Bar Accessories Pro 15 with Touch Bar Adapters Pro 15 with Touch Bar Cables Pro 15 with Touch Bar Cases Pro 15 with Touch Bar Chargers Pro 15 with Touch Bar Dongles Pro 15 with Touch Bar Headphones Pro 15 with Touch Bar Screen Protectors Pro 15 with Touch Bar Stands All Pro 15 with Touch Bar Accessories MacBook Pro Retina 13 Accessories MacBook Pro Retina 13 Bluetooth Headsets MacBook Pro Retina 13 Cables MacBook Pro Retina 13 Cases MacBook Pro Retina 13 Chargers MacBook Pro Retina 13 Desk Stands MacBook Pro Retina 13 Docks MacBook Pro Retina 13 Memory Cards MacBook Pro Retina 13 Screen Protectors All MacBook Pro Retina 13 Accessories MacBook Pro Retina 15 Accessories MacBook Pro Retina 15 Bluetooth Headsets MacBook Pro Retina 15 Cables MacBook Pro Retina 15 Cases MacBook Pro Retina 15 Chargers MacBook Pro Retina 15 Desk Stands MacBook Pro Retina 15 Memory Cards MacBook Pro Retina 15 Screen Protectors MacBook Pro Retina 15 Speakers All MacBook Pro Retina 15 Accessories MacBook 12 Inch Accessories MacBook 12 Inch Bluetooth Headsets MacBook 12 Inch Cables MacBook 12 Inch Cases MacBook 12 Inch Chargers MacBook 12 Inch Desk Stands MacBook 12 Inch Headphones MacBook 12 Inch Screen Protectors MacBook 12 Inch Speakers All MacBook 12 Inch Accessories MacBook Air 13 Accessories MacBook Air 13 Bluetooth Headsets MacBook Air 13 Cables MacBook Air 13 Cases MacBook Air 13 Chargers MacBook Air 13 Desk Stands MacBook Air 13 Headphones MacBook Air 13 Screen Protectors MacBook Air 13 Speakers All MacBook Air 13 Accessories MacBook Pro 15 Accessories MacBook Pro 15 Bluetooth Headsets MacBook Pro 15 Cables MacBook Pro 15 Cases MacBook Pro 15 Chargers MacBook Pro 15 Desk Stands MacBook Pro 15 Memory Cards MacBook Pro 15 Screen Protectors MacBook Pro 15 Speakers All MacBook Pro 15 Accessories MacBook Pro 13 Accessories MacBook Pro 13 Bluetooth Headsets MacBook Pro 13 Cables MacBook Pro 13 Cases MacBook Pro 13 Chargers MacBook Pro 13 Desk Stands MacBook Pro 13 Docks MacBook Pro 13 Memory Cards MacBook Pro 13 Screen Protectors All MacBook Pro 13 Accessories Accessories By Manufacturer Apple Blackberry OnePlus Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Vodafone View all Manufacturers By type Bluetooth Headphones Bluetooth Keyboards Bluetooth Speakers Car Phone Holders Cases Chargers GoPro & Action Camera Headphones Qi Wireless Chargers Screen Protectors SIM Free Phones Wireless Earbuds & Earphones VR Headsets View all Types By Brand Aircharge Griffin Ghostek LuMee Moshi Obliq Olixar OtterBox Spigen Urban Armor Gear Vaja Veho Verus View All Brands USB-C Accessories USB-C Adapters USB-C Cables USB-C Car Chargers USB-C Chargers USB-C Docks USB-C Hubs USB-C Mains Chargers USB-C Memory Sticks USB-C Power Banks USB-C SD Card Readers USB-C to Ethernet Adapters USB-C to HDMI Adapters USB-C to USB Adapters View All USB-C Accessories Featured Categories Apple Watch Straps and Bands iPad Accessories iPad Cases iPhone Accessories iPhone 5S Cases iPhone 5 Cases Official Samsung Batteries Samsung Galaxy Cases Samsung Galaxy S5 Cases Samsung Wireless Chargers Sony Xperia Cases Nintendo Switch Accessories Nintendo Switch Cables Nintendo Switch Car Holders Nintendo Switch Cases Nintendo Switch Charging Docks Nintendo Switch Chargers Nintendo Switch Memory Cards Nintendo Switch Screen Protectors Nintendo Switch Stands All Nintendo Switch Accessories Blackberry KEYone Accessories Blackberry KEYone Car Chargers Blackberry KEYone Car Holders Blackberry KEYone Cases & Covers Blackberry KEYone Chargers Blackberry KEYone Desk Stands Blackberry KEYone Docks Blackberry KEYone Headphones Blackberry KEYone Screen Protectors Blackberry KEYone Speakers Blackberry KEYone Stylus All Blackberry KEYone Accessories BlackBerry Motion Accessories BlackBerry Motion Car Chargers BlackBerry Motion Car Holders BlackBerry Motion Cases & Covers BlackBerry Motion Chargers BlackBerry Motion Docks BlackBerry Motion Headphones BlackBerry Motion Screen Protectors BlackBerry Motion Speakers BlackBerry Motion Stands BlackBerry Motion Stylus All BlackBerry Motion Accessories Daily Deal Help Give Feedback Track My Order My Account Change Currency GBP (£) EUR (€) USD ($). Huge selection of award winning products. 4 million orders shipped & 145,000 customer reviews. Vodafone Smart first 6 Cases and Covers. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Cases and Covers. Arkon Water-Resistant Bike Mount & Case for Smartphones. Olixar Leather-Style Universal Rotating 5 Inch Phone Case - Black. Encase Rotating 5 Inch Leather-Style Universal Phone Case - Red. Encase Rotating 4 Inch Leather-Style Universal Phone Case - Black. Encase Rotating 4 Inch Leather-Style Universal Phone Case - Red. Vodafone Smart first 6 Screen Protectors. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Screen Protectors. Crystalusion Plus Active Anti-Bacteria Screen Protection. Whoosh! Diamond Defense Liquid Screen Protection. Olixar CleanSeal Active Defense Liquid Screen Cleaning and Protection. Phonesoap Natural Antibacterial Touch Screen Polish. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Chargers. Official Samsung 3-in-1 Micro USB / USB-C Charge & Sync Cable - White. Olixar Universal High Power Tablet Charger - Mains. Official Samsung Adaptive Fast Charger - Black. Veho TA-1 Universal 4-Port USB World Travel Mains Charger 3.5A - Black. Olixar Retractable 3.4A Micro USB In-Car Charger with USB Port. Vodafone Smart first 6 Car Holders. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Car Holders. Olixar inVent Mini Portable Universal Air Vent Smartphone Car Holder. Olixar OmniHolder Universal Case Compatible In-Car Mount. Olixar Dock & Go Car Holder. Olixar CD Slot Mount Universal Case Compatible Car Holder. Olixar Universal Smartphone Windscreen In-Car Holder. Vodafone Smart first 6 Car Chargers. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Car Chargers. Official Samsung 3-in-1 Micro USB / USB-C Charge & Sync Cable - White. Olixar Retractable 3.4A Micro USB In-Car Charger with USB Port. Universal Magnetic Cable Manager w/ 3x Cable Holders. 4smarts High Power 4 Port USB Family Car Charger. Olixar 3-in-1 Charging Cable (Apple 30-pin, Lightning, Micro USB) - 1m. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Headphones. SoundMAGIC E10 In-Ear Headphones - Gunmetal. Veho 360 ZS-2 Water-Resistant Flat Flex Cord Sports Earphones. GoGear Tunes Noise-Isolating Earphones with Mic. Official Motorola HK255 Bluetooth Hands Free Headset. Samsung U Flex Bluetooth Sports Headphones - Black. Vodafone Smart first 6 Desktop Chargers. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Desktop Chargers. Olixar Aspect Premium Universal Metal Smartphone & Tablet Stand. Macally UniStrip II UK 4-Port USB Wall Charger. Olixar Desk Genie Non-Slip Charging Desk Stand. Olixar Alpha Universal Premium Metal Smartphone & Tablet Stand. Kidigi Omni Universal Smartphone Desktop Charging Dock - Micro USB. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Cables. Official Samsung 3-in-1 Micro USB / USB-C Charge & Sync Cable - White. 3x Universal Power, Data & Sync Cable - Micro USB. Olixar 3-in-1 USB-C, Lightning & Micro USB Braided Tough Cable. Universal Magnetic Cable Manager w/ 3x Cable Holders. STK Short Micro USB Magnetic Charge and Sync Cable - Grey. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Speakers. Ninety7 Vaux Amazon Echo Dot Dock & Bluetooth Speaker - Black. Star Wars Mini Stormtrooper Bluetooth Speaker. Veho M7 Mode Retro Bluetooth Portable Wireless Speaker. iLuv Aud Click Alexa Voice-Controlled Bluetooth & Wi-Fi Speaker. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Stylus. Olixar HexStyli 6-in-1 Stylus Pen - Black. Prestigio Duo Universal 2-in-1 Stylus Pen - Black. Adonit Mini 3 Precision Stylus - Black. Adonit Mini 3 Precision Stylus - Silver. Adonit Mini 3 Precision Stylus - Rose Gold. Vodafone Smart first 6 Bluetooth Car Kits. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Bluetooth Car Kits. KitSound MyJack 2 3.5mm Aux Bluetooth Adapter. Bitmore Audio Buddy Wireless Bluetooth 3.5mm Headphone Adapter. Clip & Talk Multipoint Bluetooth Hands-free Car Kit. SuperTooth Buddy Bluetooth v2.1 Hands-free Visor Car Kit. Griffin iTrip Clip Bluetooth Headphone Adapter. Vodafone Smart first 6 Car Kits. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Car Kits. KitSound MyJack 2 3.5mm Aux Bluetooth Adapter. Bitmore Audio Buddy Wireless Bluetooth 3.5mm Headphone Adapter. Clip & Talk Multipoint Bluetooth Hands-free Car Kit. SuperTooth Buddy Bluetooth v2.1 Hands-free Visor Car Kit. Griffin iTrip Clip Bluetooth Headphone Adapter. Vodafone Smart first 6 Mains Chargers. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Mains Chargers. Olixar Universal High Power Tablet Charger - Mains. Official Samsung Adaptive Fast Charger - Black. Veho TA-1 Universal 4-Port USB World Travel Mains Charger 3.5A - Black. OneAdaptr Flip Duo Foldable Mains Charger 3.4A - White. I-Star 10.6A 5 Port USB Hub Bookend Charger. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Docks. Olixar Aspect Premium Universal Metal Smartphone & Tablet Stand. Olixar Alpha Universal Premium Metal Smartphone & Tablet Stand. Kidigi Omni Universal Smartphone Desktop Charging Dock - Micro USB. Charge Pit 6-Port Universal Charging Station - Arctic White. Satechi 7-Port Universal USB Charging Station & Dock - Black. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Batteries. Kit 2000mAh Universal Portable Power Bank Emergency Battery - Gold. KSIX Universal Micro USB Qi Wireless Charging Receiver. Beeyo Compact Mirror 3000mAh Universal Power Bank - Black. 2 Port USB Double UK Plug Socket with Phone Shelf. Vodafone Smart first 6 Bluetooth Headsets. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Bluetooth Headsets. Official Motorola HK255 Bluetooth Hands Free Headset. Samsung U Flex Bluetooth Sports Headphones - Black. Avantree Jogger Plus Wireless Bluetooth Sports In-Ear Headphones. ADVANCED SOUND Model 3 Hi-resolution Wireless In-ear Monitors - Black. Celly 2-in-1 Bluetooth Headset & Fast Car Charger. Vodafone Smart first 6 Desk Stands. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Desk Stands. Olixar Aspect Premium Universal Metal Smartphone & Tablet Stand. PopSockets Universal Smartphone 2-in-1 Stand & Grip - Blue Nebula. PopSockets Universal Smartphone 2-in-1 Stand & Grip - Aluminium Black. Macally Clipmount Clip-On Universal Smartphone / Tablet Mount Holder. PopSockets Universal Smartphone 2-in-1 Stand & Grip - Blush Pink. Vodafone Smart first 6 Hands Free Kits. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Hands Free Kits. Griffin iTrip AUX Bluetooth Car Adapter. Griffin iTrip Lightning To Aux Car Adapter & Charger with Auto Pilot. Vodafone Smart first 6 Memory Cards. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Memory Cards. Samsung 64GB MicroSDXC EVO Plus Memory Card w/ SD Adapter - Class 10. Samsung 256GB MicroSDXC EVO Plus Memory Card w/ SD Adapter - Class 10. Samsung 128GB MicroSDXC EVO Plus Memory Card w/ SD Adapter - Class 10. Samsung 16GB MicroSDHC EVO GoPro Memory Card - Class 10. Samsung EVO Plus 128GB MicroSDXC Card - Class 10. Vodafone Smart first 6 Mobile Data. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Mobile Data. Desire2 2-in-1 Universal Wireless Keyboard & Touchpad Mouse - Black. Kanex MultiSync Universal Foldable Bluetooth Mini Travel Keyboard. Universal Bluetooth AZERTY Keyboard with Sleep Function. Huawei WS320 Wireless Repeater and Wi-Fi Range Extender. Vodafone Smart first 6 Novelty and Fun. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Novelty and Fun. RFID Blocking Credit Card Data Theft Protection Sleeve. Olixar Anti-Hack Webcam Cover for Smartphones, Laptops and Tablets. Olixar Premium HD Camera Lens Kit. United In-Car Programmable Scrolling LED Message Board. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Spares. Olixar HexStyli 6-in-1 Stylus Pen - Black. Prestigio Duo Universal 2-in-1 Stylus Pen - Black. Adonit Mini 3 Precision Stylus - Black. Adonit Mini 3 Precision Stylus - Silver. Adonit Mini 3 Precision Stylus - Rose Gold. Vodafone Smart first 6 Stereo Bluetooth Headsets. Show more Vodafone Smart first 6 Stereo Bluetooth Headsets. Official Motorola HK255 Bluetooth Hands Free Headset. Samsung U Flex Bluetooth Sports Headphones - Black. Avantree Jogger Plus Wireless Bluetooth Sports In-Ear Headphones. ADVANCED SOUND Model 3 Hi-resolution Wireless In-ear Monitors - Black. Celly 2-in-1 Bluetooth Headset & Fast Car Charger. Search by device, brand or item. Basket - 0 items - $0.00. Inform me first about special offers and new products. Copyright © 2018 Mobile Fun Limited All rights reserved. iPhone 7 Plus Wireless Charging Cases. 
Unlock Vodafone Smart First 6 with 100% money back guarantee. Unlock Vodafone Phones > Vodafone Smart First 6. Important - Select the Current Network your Unlock Vodafone is Locked to. Do NOT select the network you want to use.. Select Your Country Algeria Australia Canada Indonesia Mexico Nigeria Philippines Portugal United Kingdom USA (United States) Afghanistan Albania American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo (Democratic Republic of) Congo (Republic of) Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Mauritania Mauritius Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Poland Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka St. Vincent & the Grenadines Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Please Select the country/network provider the phone is currently locked to. Please Select the country/network provider the phone is currently locked to. Does your phone use a SIM Card?. why e-mail Please enter a valid email address, your unlock codes will be sent there.. We work with your phone manufacturer or network to generate unlock code.. No shady software to be installed, no jail breaking, no sim cover. Plain simple unlock code .. Our site uses strong SSL encryption so all transactions are secured.. About Unlock Delivery / T&C / Refund Policy. Benefits of Unlocking Your Vodafone Smart First 6 Unlock Codes for Vodafone Smart First 6 The IMEI number The model number of the phone Network it is locked to Country, the phone, was purchased or locked in Important Links. From the network that follows you everywhere to the phone that almost everyone follows, Vodafone has come a long way. The Followers are of course customers or upcoming potential clients. It isn't quite a surprise that Vodafone phones have that kind of a following. But would it still have such followers with a locked phone that'll allow only one network to be compatible with the phone? An unlocked Vodafone Smart First 6 would have.. You need to unlock your Vodafone phone so that any other SIM card can use on the handset.After Unlocking your Vodafone phone Smart First 6, it becomes compatible with any SIM card and helps you save on your roaming and data charges. You can opt for the network that suits all your needs or keep on changing it with every need such as one for calls in a location, one for data, etc.. You also get to enjoy another benefit that comes along. A better choice of buyers and a much better price comes with an unlocked Vodafone phone Smart First 6. as compared to a locked phone.. The best process for unlocking your Vodafone Smart First 6 is the code method that you can avail at a website named unlockninja.com. It generates an unlock code for your phone. It is the most secure process. To use it, you would need the following:. Post entering the details mentioned above, you get a code for unlocking your Vodafone phone.You have to enter it only once. While you do that and after the process is complete, the data is unchanged. And there is a money back guarantee that comes along to keep your money secure.. Delivery Terms & Conditions The information, files, graphics, text, software, communication published on this site as well as all the services provided is subject to the terms and conditions of specified here. You are supposed to check them periodically and abide by them, before availing any service from us. We also reserve the right to modify the terms and conditions anytime, and we expect your actions to respect the current version of them. If any breach of the conditions happens, your right to use this site gets terminated by default. Customers should give correct information regarding the details of their mobile handsets, as a model, network provider in which the unlocking done, country code, IMEI number, etc. You should not attempt to unlock the device by yourself or use any alternative method to open it other than the unlocking code provided by us. You should use only the network provided unlock codes, which specially made for this purpose. You are requested not to use pattern blocks, PIN/PUK codes, security codes, etc., as they do not serve your purpose. The network provider should not prevent the mobile phone in the event of stolen, lost or misplaced devices.. Our primary goal is to provide our customers with the best service we can. After receiving your order, we strive our best to review it within 24 hours depending on the current amount of orders we have. Once the unlocking process starts, we are no longer able to speed up or cancel/refund your order. We are waiting for the result that we will deliver to you.. We work with mobile carriers from all over the world and wait for their response on each unlocking request we get. In most cases, the process is completed successfully within the average delivery time we suggest. However, some factors do not depend on us. Sometimes, the carrier�s server doesn�t respond, We are not able to complete the order or, hardly ever, our server gets a cyber attack that slows down everything for a particular amount of time. Also, mobile networks like to change the unlocking policy that can affect the unlocking process and have to resubmit it.. If you do not receive unlock code in time, please, feel free to contact us. Our support team will do their best to help you. You are also advised to read the User Agreement where the terms of the delivery time are described in details before you accept it.. We create life, free of troubles by helping you crack the unlock code of your cellphone irrespective of the network provider as well as the location of your sim card it subscribed. We guide you throughout the complete process of unlocking the network codes imposed on your device. We also have an excellent support team that is ready to guide you with all your troubleshooting concerns. Please read the following terms and conditions well, before opting for our service.. We’re so sure that we’ll exceed your expectations with our service that it is 100% guaranteed. We have successfully unlocked 96,500 phones since 2009. Enter your phone model to unlock. We have made it easy for you to search your phone by directly entering the model number.. Main link Home Blog Sitemap Contact Us FAQ'S Return Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions. Popular Brand Unlock ZTE phone Unlock Samsung Phone Unlock iPhone phone Unlock Motorola phone Unlock At&t Phone Unlock Blackberry Phone Unlock Ericsson Phone Unlock G.plus phone Unlock Google Nexus Phone Unlock HTC Phone Unlock Sony phone Unlock LG Phone Unlock Huawei Phone. Popular Model Unlock ZTE mf90 Unlock ZTE mf65 Unlock iPhone 6 Unlock iPhone 6s unlock samsung galaxy SM G360P unlock samsung galaxy SM G550T Unlock LG VS425PP Unlock LG D415 Unlock Motorola XT1527 Unlock Motorola XT1540 Unlock Huawei LYO L02 Unlock Huawei Y6 Elite. Thanks for such a fast unlocking service.my smartphone was barred and it was impossible to use but Now i can use my smartphone anywhere because its now factory unlocked.. Best service and they do what they said i have done two unlocking of SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 3 and they done in time they said..excellent service and good value of money and trust me its not a scam website.. I got the code within the estimated time and guess what? IT WORKS!!!!!!!. Home FAQ'S Return Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Blog Sitemap Contact Us. © 2018 UnlockNinja.com All rights reserved. Website developed by Aphro ECS. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Vodafone Smart first 6. All Listings - Current page. results for Vodafone Smart first 6. Save Vodafone Smart first 6 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Vodafone Smart first 6 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 VF695 695 Unlock Code (Fast Service). Wallet Flip PU Leather Phone Case Cover For Vodafone Smart Prime 6/7 N8 V8 E8. FOR Vodafone Smart Prime 7/6 Tempered Glass 3D Premium HD Screen Protector Film. For Vodafone Smart E8 N8 V8 Smart 7 Phone Leather Wallet Pouch Bag Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart first 6 VF695 VF685 Flip PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. Shockproof Soft TPU Gel Phone Accessries Case Cover For Motorola Lenovo Vodafone. Genuine Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Vodafone Smart E8 V8 N8 prime 7 ZY6. Vodafone Smart First 6 - Trending Printed Pattern Wallet Case Cover K STAR. For Vodafone Smart first 6 VF695 VF685 Flip PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. Wallet Cartoon Flip PU leather Case For Vodafone Smart First 6 7/Ultra 7/N8/V8. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 Wild Crocodile PU Leather Cover Case Flip. For Vodafone Smart first 6 - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. For Vodafone Smart first 6 Running Fitness Sports Waistband Case & Handsfree. For Vodafone Smart first 6 - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Earphone. For Vodafone Smart first 6 VF695 VF685 Flip PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. Vodafone Smart First 6 (4") Protective Faux Leather Pull Tab Pouch Case Cover. Soft Pudding TPU Gel Silicone Cover cellphone Case For Cubot / Wiko / Vodafone. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 Retro Weave Knit Leather Stand Flip Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 Vivid Leaf Straps Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 Crazy Horse Case Cover Flip PU Leather Card Slot. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 Luxury Palace Flower PU Leather Case Cover Flip. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 Soft Gel Case Cover Love Girl Blossom Mask Cat. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 Soft Gel Ring Case Cover Love Girl Blossom Mask. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 Luxury Clover Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster. For Vodafone Smart first 6 Soft TPU Back Case Colorfu Pattern Silicone Gel Cover. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 2X Glass Film PU Leather Flip Cover Case Wallet. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 Crazy Horse PU Leather Case Cover Flip Card Slot. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 3D Punk Style Rugged PU Leather Case Cover Flip. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 Retro Crocodile PU leather Flip Case Cover Bag. For Vodafone Smart First 6 (4") Leather Pull Tab Pouch Case Cover with Earphone. For Vodafone Smart first 6 - Clip On Design PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart first 6 - Adjustable Design PU Leather Flip Case. For Vodafone Smart first 6 - Clip Printed Series PU Leather Wallet Case. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 Retro Crocodile PU leather Cover Case Flip Bag. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 Litchi Grain PU Leather Flip Case Cover Stand. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 3D Punk Style Rugged PU Leather Flip Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 3D Emboss Cartoon PU Leather Flip Cover Case. Pu Leather Wallet Case Cover for Vodafone Smart Prime 6/Ultra 6/First 6/Speed 6. For Vodafone Smart First Prime Turbo Mini 6 7 Leopard PU Leather Flip Cover Case. For Vodafone Smart Phone Prime 6/7 Ultra 6/7 Case Cover PU Leather Flip Wallet. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 Case Cover Funda Flowers. For Vodafone Smart First 6 V695 Case Cover Funda SpongeBob. VODAFONE SMART FIRST 6 VODAFONE 695 **VDF695** OT-695 FAST UNLOCKING CODE. The Vamps Case/Cover for Vodafone Smart First 6 /The Vamps Graffiti Band Logo. Vodafone Smart First 6 V685 V695 V785 V875 V795 Smart 4 Mini Unlock Code Fast. Flip PU Leather Wallet Case Cover for Vodafone Smart first 6 VF695 VF685. Flip PU Leather Wallet Case Cover for Vodafone Smart first 6 VF695 VF685. Official The Vamps Case/Cover for Vodafone Smart First 6 /The Vamps Photoshoot. For Vodafone Smart Prime 7/Ultra 7/6 PU Leather Case Shockproof Flip Hard Cover. Official The Vamps Case/Cover for Vodafone Smart First 6 /The Vamps Doodle Book. ✓Stylish Printed Designs ✓Kick Standing ✓Card Slots. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
www.GSMUnlockUSA.com - #1 Direct Source Wholesale | Welcome, Guest! | Sign In | Instructions | Order Status | My Account | Shopping Cart ( 0 ). Search Bulk Unlock Code. Home | Apple iPhone | Blackberry 10 | Dell | Huawei | HTC | LG | Motorola | Nokia Lumia | Pantech | Samsung | SonyEricsson | ZTE. Guarantee The Lowest Price - Apple iPhone Factory Unlocked!. Great News!! Huawei Factory Code (Premium) is back with new price, very fast 0-3 working days.. The #1 Site For Online Unlocking. We are the best in the online unlocking business. Work Directly with the Source - Great. for CellPhone Store, Service Center, Webmaster, eBay sellers !. This Web site is secured with a GoDaddy.com Web Server Certificate. on the site are protected with up to 256-bit Secure Sockets Layer encryption.. Your personal and financial in information is safe with us!. GoDaddy.com has verified that the certificate holder controls the domain www.masterunlockcode.com.. Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code. Unlocking your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code has never been easier! That's right - you're FREE, your unlocked handset will accept any SIM card from ANY provider worldwide! You're just 30 seconds away from freedom.. We guarantee it. Our Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code unlocking process is safe and 100% money-back guaranteed. Your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code will not be damaged in any way through this process. So how do you unlock your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code ? It's as easy as texting a friend! We'll provide you step-by-step instructions on how to unlock your handset, as well as an unlock code straight from the manufacturer.. To GET STARTED : Select the original carrier of your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code from the list below to start unlocking your phone.. Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code. Warranty: All our Unlock CODES are 100% genuine and. guaranteed, if for any reason your unlock codes are Not Found in our database then. we will issue a full refund.. Select Original Network Provider (Phone is from) Regular Price Special Price Delivery Time. You should select the original. carrier of the phone(Phone is Currently Locked to). $19.95 $19.95 Save % 1-3 days Spain - Vodafone. $49.95 $34.95 Save 30% 1-2 Days United Kingdom - Vodafone. $29.95 $19.95 Save 33% 1-5 Days. Regular Price: $19.95 $19.95 (Save %). Regular Price: $49.95 $34.95 (Save 30%). Regular Price: $29.95 $19.95 (Save 33%). To find IMEI, dial *#06# on your phone. (To find IMEI, dial *#06# on your phone). The PRD (Product Code) can be located on the label under the phone battery. Your personal and financial in information is safe with us!. Does your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code work only with your current service provider or, when you insert a SIM card from another network, do you see any of the following messages?. - Enter SIM Unlock Code (Simlock). If so, your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code is LOCKED and we can help you remove this lock on your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code in a few simple steps, allowing you to use your phone on any GSM wireless network anywhere in the world. You will not have to mail in your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code. No technical knowledge required at all. Simply provide us your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code’s IMEI number and we do all the rest. - Simply provide us your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code’s IMEI (which can be found by typing *#06# into your phone), during check out. - After order placement, the Unlock CODES together with easy to follow instructions guides will be sent to your email address within the time frame given. - Follow the unlocking instructions provided by MasterUnlockCode.com and easily dial in the supplied Unlock CODE for your mobile and start using your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code with any SIM Card. Reasons to remote unlock your cell phone. - Save a fortune abroad, by using cheap local SIM Cards rather than expensive roaming tariffs. - As usually subsidize the cost of the phone, by unlocking it you are increasing the resale value of your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code by up to 300%. - Use your work and personal SIM Card in your unlocked Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code - no need to carry two phones again. - Get the best value tariffs by swapping SIM Cards to take advantage of the latest offers. - You never send your phone to anybody. You receive the instructions within hours; unlocking itself takes 1-3 minutes. - No opening your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code and risk of damage to your device. - Very easy, no technical experience necessary. - No complicated software or hardware just enters Unlock CODE, and your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code is PERMANENTLY unlocked. - Is safe and does not void cell phone's warranty. - Unlocking is a one-time event. It works for the life of your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code. All our Unlock CODES are 100% genuine and guaranteed, if for any reason your unlock codes are not found in our database then we will issue a full refund.. Why my Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code is locked?. When you purchase a cell phone it is often offered at a discounted price by the cellular network. In return for this generosity they "lock" your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code to their network, so that you can only use their network for making and receiving calls. This means that you cannot use the SIM card of another network, and if you try to do so the phone will display "Phone Restricted", “Contact Service Provider”, “Enter Unlock Code” or a similar message. Unlocking the phone removes this lock, allowing you to use your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code on any GSM wireless network anywhere in the world. Why should I unlock my Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code?. - Save a fortune abroad, by using cheap local SIM cards rather than expensive roaming tariffs. - As usually subsidize the cost of the phone, by unlocking it you are increasing the resale value of your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code by up to 300%. - Use your work and personal SIM card in your unlocked Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code no need to carry two phones again. - Get the best value tariffs by swapping SIM cards to take advantage of the latest offers. - You never send your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code to anybody. - No opening your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code and risk of damage to your device. - Very easy, no technical experience necessary. - No complicated software or hardware just enters code, and your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code is PERMANENTLY unlocked. - Is safe and does not void Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code’s warranty. - Unlocking is a one-time event. It works for the life of your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code. - Will I have to unlock my Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code every time I change SIM Card?. - No, even if you upgrade the software (flash) or hard reset your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code, it remains permanently unlocked, no matter what you do to it. A SIM card or Subscriber Identity Module is a portable memory chip used in GSM phones. The SIM Card allows users to change phones by simply removing the SIM Card from one cell phone and inserting it into another. The SIM holds personal identity information, cell phone number, phone book, text messages and other data. How does the remote unlocking work?. Upon successful order submission, we will process your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code's unique IMEI number and email back an unlock code. The International Mobile Equipment Identity or IMEI is a 15 digit serial number unique to every GSM cell phone. We generate the unlocking code from the IMEI, this is called remote unlocking. Enter *#06# into your phone to retrieve the unique 15 digit IMEI number. It can also be found printed on the back of the phone underneath the battery. No software or cable is required at all. How do I enter the unlock code?. It is very easy to enter the unlock code. How Safe is it and is it guaranteed to Work?. Removing the network restriction on your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code with unlocking codes is the safest and fastest way to unlock a cell phone. There is absolutely no risk of damaging your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code or void warranty. You simply enter the unlock codes directly into your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code via the Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code’s keypad to remove the network restriction. We guarantee it to work or your money back. On November 26, 2006, the U.S. Copyright Office ruled that consumers can legally unlock their cell phones in order to use them with rival carriers. Some times you might be able to ask your network to provide you with an unlock code. However, they will only do this for free if you have completed your contract. Obviously most networks don't want you moving away from their network so they will often charge extortionate rates to unlock your Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code and you can also be made to wait up to 3 weeks to receive your unlock codes. For USA phones manufactured before January 26th, 2013, you may still legally unlock in accordance with the the Digital Millenium Copyright Act.. It is illegal to unlock USA devices that are manufactured after January 26th, 2013 unless you have permission from your service provider. We will not provide any service for any USA service provider cell phone or smart phone manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later. MasterUnlockCode.com will not be held liable or responsible if you place an order for an unlock code for any USA service provider cell phone that was manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later. If you make a purchase on MasterUnlockCode.com or any affiliated website you accept full responsibility for complying with all local, national, and international laws. MasterUnlockCode.com will not knowingly give any advice or provide any service to anyone who wishes to unlock a phone that was purchased from a USA service provider manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later in The United States of America.. Vodafone Smart first 6 Unlock Code , Unlock Vodafone Smart first 6 , How to unlock Vodafone Smart first 6 , How to factory unlock Vodafone Smart first 6 , How to permanently unlock Vodafone Smart first 6 , Free Vodafone Smart first 6 unlock instructions. OVER 2,500,000 PHONES UNLOCKED OPEN 24/7 · LOWEST PRICES GUARANTEED!. We are the direct source for IMEI remote unlock codes. We have the fastest processing times. If a code is "Not Found" or if the code isn't working. we will give you a 100% refund. If you are having problems unlocking your device our knowledge staff and support. will guide you through the procedure.. Ready to unlock your device now?. Yes it is completely legal and you will not void the. We have unlocks for most of the major phone manufacturers including Blackberry,. HTC, Samsung, Nokia, Sony Ericcson, LG, Huawei, Palm, HP and many more! If you do. not see your manufacturer listed below please contact us!. By buying a code from us you are getting the fastest and highest quality service. We offer 100% working unlock codes from all the major manufacturers. FAQs | Instructions | Contact Us. www.GSMUnlockUSA.com - #1 Direct Source Wholesale - Store Owners, Dealers and Resellers. How to unlock iPhone 8 Plus. How to unlock iPhone 7 Plus. How to unlock iPhone 6S Plus. How to unlock iPhone 6 Plus. © 2007 - 2018 PD Software Ltd | Home | Terms of Sale | Privacy Policy | Contact Us. 
Home / Lifestyle / Mobile / Android / Vodafone Smart First 6 Smartphone Review. Vodafone Smart First 6 Smartphone Review. Android , Featured Tech Reviews , Laptop / Mobile , Mobile. MediaTek MT6572M, dual-core CPU at 1GHz. 4GB internal storage, microSD cards up to 32GB supported. 2MP primary camera, no secondary camera. 3G capable but no 4G connectivity.. The Smart first 6 is Vodafone’s cheapest handset, being part of the ‘Smart’ product family which also includes the Smart prime 6, as well as the Smart ultra 6. Both of those handsets were favourably received – so how does the Smart first 6 stand up under examination? We shall find out.. The smallest Vodafone smartphone – with a 4-inch display – the Smart first 6 is also the cheapest, priced at a mere £30. With very little serious competition at this price point, it will be very interesting to see how a £30 device manages to run Android. After all, the first 6 does bring a complete Android experience, just at a very low cost.. Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9. Tags first 6 review Review Smart first 6 smart first 6 review Smart review smartphone review vodafone. Previous iOS App Store suffers first major attack. Next Skype is suffering from a service outage across the world. Samsung officially launches the Galaxy S9, confirms specs, pricing and release date. As promised last month, during the pre-MWC press day on Sunday, Samsung officially launched the …. © Copyright 2018, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved. 
Step 2/4 > Select your current Network. Unlock your Vodafone Smart First 6 with Unlock Code. Request a Vodafone Smart First 6 unlock code and we will send you the code by email along with a set of instructions on how to use it. In most cases you only need to insert the SIM card you want to use and the cell phone will prompt for the unlock code („SIM Network Unlock PIN”). If your phone does not ask for one and there is no input field where to enter the unlock code, please contact our customer support before starting the ordering process. Feel free to get in touch with us, we will gladly respond you within less than 12 hours on any question about how to unlock Vodafone Smart First 6.. Pick the country your Vodafone Smart First 6 is locked to. Attention! Pick the Current Network your device is locked to, NOT the network you want to use. Easy instructions on how to Unlock Vodafone Smart First 6. Why should I order a Vodafone Smart First 6 unlock code?. Easily migrate to another service provider. Get more money if you sell your phone. Safest method to unlock your phone. Here at UnlockRadar.com it's so easy to unlock Vodafone devices, you don't even need technical skills to do it. As easy as dialing a phone number. Read this step-by-step guide, meant to walk you through the process:. Select the country and the service provider your phone is locked to, then check the price.. Send us the IMEI of your phone and proceed to checkout. To find the IMEI number, type *#06# on your device keyboard.. Enter your name, a valid email address and complete the order. A confirmation email will be sent to you after we receive the payment.. We will send the unlock code on your email. Usually it's a 8 or 16 digit number, but in some cases it may be a complete set of codes. You only need the first one, the NCK.. Insert the SIM card of another network operator and enter the code you received from us. With an unlocked phone you have the huge advantage of easily changing your network provider and being able to choose a better plan to suit your needs.. You can save hundreds of dollars when traveling abroad if you have an unlocked phone. Just buy a local SIM card and start making calls at local rates, avoiding roaming charges.. Unlocked phones tend to have higher resale prices than locked phones, and you can easily sell your unlocked device internationally.. IMEI unlock is the safest way to unlock your device, because it uses genuine unlock codes from the manufacturer. No software, no opening your phone's case, no warranty void.. Before you order a Vodafone Smart First 6 unlock code, make sure you follow our requirements checklist:. Be certain that your phone is locked. Try to insert a SIM from a different network and wait for the phone to ask for the unlock. If it doesn't prompt for the code, and you can make a regular call, than your phone is NOT SIM locked.. Be certain that your phone is NOT stolen or blacklisted.. Be certain that your phone is NOT hard locked. If you tried too many times to unlock it before, your handset may be locked forever.. Make sure to give us the correct IMEI and to select the original country and network, NOT the one you want to use.. We will NOT be able to refund your money if our service fails to unlock your device for any of the reasons mentioned before.. By more than 486 happy customers. After losing several days trying to follow various tutorials on Youtube about how to unlock my phone, I decided then to buy the code. Very good price and quick service. Got my code and instructions how to unlock Vodafone Smart First 6. It did take a bit longer then they said it would, but they clearly noticed me about it so that seems fine to me.. Good timing, affordable and great service, I'll keep coming back.... I got my Vodafone Smart First 6 unlock code very quickly. It was so easy to unlock my phone. A well recommended company I would recommend it to all my friends. Mark Tzerhfu     . Remy Dent     . Catherine Grace     . Jane Miller     . Francisco Soria     . 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Características técnicas Vodafone Smart First 6. Vodafone Smart First 6: Características y especificaciones. El Vodafone Smart First 6 es un smartphone Android con una pantalla WVGA de 4 pulgadas, procesador dual-core a 1GHz, 512MB de RAM, 4GB de almacenamiento interno, conectividad HSPA, y cámara de 3 megapixels.. Reviews de usuarios del Vodafone Smart First 6. No hay experiencias de usuarios del Vodafone Smart First 6. Funciones clave Vodafone Smart First 6. Vodafone Smart First 6 características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del Vodafone Smart First 6. Opina sobre el Vodafone Smart First 6. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - HSDPA 900 / 2100. 121.6 x 64.4 x 11.6 mm. 480 x 800 pixels, 4.0 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 4GB almacenamiento interno, 512MB RAM. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 3.15 MP, 2048x1536 pixels, geo-tagging, video. - 3G HSDPA 21Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps. - Radio FM Stereo con RDS. Opiniones y Comentarios Vodafone Smart First 6. Hay 4 opiniones del Vodafone Smart First 6 .. é verdade que pelo preço , é um bom telemovel. Me le tuve que comprar deprisa y corriendo porque había perdido el anterior y no podía estar incomunidada, me dieron este por 24€ financiado en meses, y estoy cabreadísima no se me abren nunca los contactos para llamar ni tampoco en el wasap, estoy a disposición del teléfono para hacer una llamada a algún número que no me se, un desastre en la tienda he ido varias veces y me dicen que el teléfono que es muy simple, al principio hasta me desaparecían los números y los tenía que volver a meter de nuevo, una cosa es que un teléfono sea básico y otra es que tenga que estar media hora para ver los contactos, por mi parte os recomiendo que NO OS LO COMPREIS , a mi me ha salido malísimo, y me pienso comprar otro liberado en breve.. Tengo mis dudas si tiene las mismas prestaciones del samsung galaxi mini s5570. Gran telefono con pantalla grande y buen telefono porque posee un procesador de doble nucleo a 1,2ghz y es muy bueno todos estps modelos smart alcatel porque este es el cuarto que tengo de esta gama y no dan fallo ninguno a buen precio lo recomiendo todos estos modelos en especial a Smart First 6 Alcatel y Vodafone Smart Fun 4 Alcatel.... Ver todas las Opiniones del Vodafone Smart First 6 - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 4. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Vodafone Smart First 6. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Vodafone Smart First 6. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Vodafone Smart First 6 a otros usuarios. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
A password will be e-mailed to you.. All Acer Review Gionee Review HTC Review iPhone Lenovo Review Micromax Review Microsoft Motorola Review Nokia Phones Oppo Samsung SONY. Most Popular Smartphone Samsung Galaxy J1 Review. Latest Smartphone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Review. Latest Phone Device Samsung Galaxy A8 Review. Motorola Moto X Style Smartphone Review. All Acer Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry BLU BQ Cat Phone Celkon Coolpad Dell Gigabyte Gionee HTC Huawei Intex Karbonn Lava Lenovo LG Maxwest Meizu Micromax Microsoft Phones Motorola NIU Nokia OnePlus Oppo Phones. How to Hard Reset Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Smartphone. How to Hard Reset Xiaomi Mi A1 Smartphone. How to Hard Reset LG V30 Phone when Locked Out. How to Hard Reset Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Smartphone. Device Reset – Free Device Problem Solution Tips Provider. How To Easy Hard Reset Vodafone Smart First 6. Reset How To Easy Hard Reset Vodafone Smart First 6. How To Easy Hard Reset Intex Aqua Xtreme II. Read Some Important Tips Before Resetting. Process 1: Vodafone Smart first 6 Soft Reset. Process 2: Vodafone Smart first 6 Factory reset using setting. How To Backup Android Phones Using 4 Easy Methods. Process 3: Vodafone Smart first 6 Hard reset using Button. The Mobile uniquely human way of life plays a role. The way of life there are very few people who do not need a mobile device. A cell phone, giving you quick access to communication, entertainment opportunities, the chance to take pictures, social media is now a more popular thing, which you chatting, sharing them with your friends will be able to. But the mobile phone is so much more to provide, even occasionally some occurs. For example, the pattern lock, mobile phone hangs. But, when we are facing this problem, then we went to the nearest mobile service center. We think it is wrong and unnecessary waste of money. Because it is such a big problem that will go to the service center. If you try, you can solve this problem yourself sitting at home and free of cost. You are probably thinking, how is it possible. Yes, the device is reset to the medium where you’ll find all kinds of mobile phones, the solution is to hard reset, factory restore, password reset, unlocked phones solution tips. Now I will show you how to Hard Reset Vodafone Smart first 6.. There are several kinds of methods resetting. While you choice soft reset method, your cell phone won’t. If you choice hard reset or factory reset or phone code formatting method. you lost all valuable data in your phone storage. So, make sure that before resetting your phone device all valuable data backup on the phone storage, like image, video, apps, contact number, PDF file etc.We will also provide how to backup android. phone smartphone data.While making sure to complete your all data backup on your PC or any alternative device, then start use mobile device resetting method step by step.. How To Android Phone Data Recovery From Internal Memory. A soft reset is a very simple and easiest process to reset Vodafone Smart first 6. If you use soft resetting method you won’t lost any data from your cell phone.This process doesn’t solve any major problem, but it helps to solve a minor problem.. If you don’t want to lose any personal data from your mobile device storage you use soft reset. After using soft reset, your problem doesn’t solve you apply hard resetting process.. Press and hold Power Button and touch Power off the menu to shut down your mobile device.. After complete shut down remove the back cover, battery, SIM card and SD card .. Wait 15 seconds and put all removable things.. You have successfully completed soft reset.. If process 1 didn’t work you can use process 2 to resetting your cell phone. This process only uses if your mobile device hang, the application doesn’t work, you properly don’t use etc problem you use this process. For your kind information while your cell phone pattern locked you don’t use factory reset because if the smartphone is pattern locked you don’t go to setting menu in your mobile device. If you use factory reset process you lost all valuable data in your phone storage. Watch the factory reset process below:. Turn on your smartphone and touch the menu button and go to setting menu .. Then go to Backup & reset menu and touch the option.. Now you got Factory data reset option and touch the option also.. Touch the Reset device option and touch it.. At last you got Delete all / Erase everything touches the option. Your phone will be deleted all data and the phone will reboot. You have successfully complete factory reset.. When you failed process 1, process and process 2 then you can use process 3 I mean Hard reset using the button. Because this process has some risk. while you hard reset your smartphone you will lose all valuable data like image, video, contact number, document. So, before using hard reset backup all data on your PC or SD card.. We are already showing you how to backup android data. Ok, let’s see the hard reset steps.. Turn off you new smartphone Vodafone Smart first 6 and remove all SIM card or SD card.. Now insert battery and press VOL UP, VOL DOWN. smartphone is vibrating then release only POWER BUTTON .. After pressing the button you can see in your mobile screen Android logo , then release all pressing key.. Now you will get android “system recovery mode”. Use VOL DOWN key and select “wipe data/factory reset” and press POWER KEY to confirm.. Again use VOL DOWN and select “Yes- delete all user data”. and press POWER KEY to confirm.. After few second your hard reset is complete and select “reboot system now”,. Now your phone will reboot and you problem is solved.. Warning: This process erasing everything without informed you. Because, while you hard reset, the mobile device will be rebooted and format all data. So, make sure that your mobile device is fully ready to format.. Smartphone/tab computer user anytime anywhere faced problems with his tablet computer/smartphone. We are try to provide you that problems solution. ‍So that you can repair your smartphone at home without any cost.. TAGS android data recovery android phones backup and reset cell phones factory reset hard reset unlocked phones. Hallo, I am Rajib Mozumdar and I am a Professional Blogger. This is specially created by all Electronic Device users. Here I provide all kind of device features and problems solution tips. I hope you are enjoy using this site.. How to Hard Reset Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Smartphone. How to Hard Reset Xiaomi Mi A1 Smartphone. How to Hard Reset LG V30 Phone when Locked Out. How to Hard Reset Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Smartphone. How to Hard Reset / Factory Reset Samsung Galaxy J7. How to Hard Reset Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Smartphone. How To Bypass Any Android Phone FRP Lock By DG Unlocker.... Android Flash Tool Odin Download Latest Version. How to Flash Qualcomm Smartphone using Lenovo Downloader Tool. All Samsung Android Device Reset Tool For Pattern Lock Unlock. © Copyright By DeviceReset 2017. Most Effective Tactics To Hard Reset LG G4. Panasonic Eluga I2 Easy Hard Reset Solution Tips. 
Internet με μηνιαία έκπτωση έως 15€. Φυσικό αέριο από τα καταστήματα Vodafone. Μάθε τις μοναδικές δυνατότητες του Vodafone eShop. Οι τιμές των κινητών στα προγράμματα συμβολαίου περιλαμβάνουν ΦΠΑ και προκύπτουν με νέα σύνδεση Vodafone 18μηνης διάρκειας.. Copyright © 2018 Vodafone Group | Vodafone.com. 
ï»¿Your AKIAILXQSRWLEYNJDWHA is not registered as an Amazon Associate. Please register as an associate at https://affiliate-program.amazon.com/assoc_credentials/home.. The Internetâs Most Trustworthy Phone Unlocking Website. Does your phone use a SIM Card?. In which country are you located?. Simply tell us whether your phone uses a SIM card, select your country from the list below and your provider/phone network.. Many thanks for code, tried other UK sites no success. Wed Oct 23 7:35:51 MST 2013. What if I enter the unlock code incorrectly, how many attempts until it would HARD lock my phone?. Do you unlock Nokia mobile phone?. What is the Turnaround time to receive my Nokia unlock code?. Nokia phones only takes up to 3 incorrect attempts before it will be HARD lock, so be very careful!. Yes we do unlock it! Just provide us with the country and service provider that your phone is currently locked to and we would be happy to check our system if it is available for unlocking.. If it is a BB5.0 Nokia Phones usually it would take up to 10 days to generate.. For DCTs some would take from a couple to minutes to 5 days.. stars across 1401 independent real reviews on ReviewCentre.com!. Weâre so sure that weâll exceed your expectations with our service that it is 100% guaranteed (Read More). We're so sure that we'll exceed your expectations with our service that it is 100% guaranteed.. For any paid unlock we provide a money-back guarantee. Upon video proof that the code doesn't work, you will receive a full refund.. For any free Trialpay unlock that doesn't meet your expectations, we will keep your credit on file for a future unlock, or reimburse you if you have paid for your offer as a courtesy.. Read our full terms and conditions here .. We have successfully unlocked 96,500 phones since 2009. Australian Business No: 63 781 725 050. 
By using https://blog.vodafone.co.uk, you're consenting to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy .. Vodafone Social | Official Vodafone UK blog. Get Smart: Introducing the new trio of powerful, affordable Vodafone devices. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn. By Pete Dreyer - 05 May 2015. Our Vodafone-branded devices offer great performance for fantastic prices, and now we've got three more of them to show you... Home › Uncategorized › Get Smart: Introducing the new trio of powerful, affordable Vodafone devices. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Tags Phones Smart First 6 Smart Prime 6 Smart Tab Prime 6 Vodafone. Our Vodafone-branded devices offer great performance for fantastic prices, and now we've got three more of them to show you... Our Vodafone-branded smartphones and tablets bring you powerful devices at great prices. And with that in mind, we have some exciting news to share: three new Vodafone devices are on the way, and whether you’re looking for your first smartphone or a powerful upgrade, these have everything you need in spades.. Let’s start with the aptly-named Smart first 6. It’s designed with first-time smartphone users in mind, but the dual-core 1GHz processor still packs a real punch – easily enough to power through all the apps and games you’ve saved to your 4GB of internal storage. At it’s heart, Smart first 6 runs Android 4.4 KitKat, which is both gorgeous to look at and incredibly simple to use. Whether you want to make a call, browse the web or keep up to date with friends on Whatsapp and Facebook, everything is just one tap away from your home screen.. On top of that, you’ve got everything you’d expect from a modern smartphone all present and correct. The 4-inch display keeps the phone nice and compact in the hand, and is more than detailed enough to soak up video and pictures on the move. Speaking of pictures, there’s a 2-Megapixel camera on the rear for your daily snapping needs, and you can send picture messages whenever you like thanks to WiFi, 3G and Bluetooth 4.0 connectivity.. Need to get your head around all that smartphone jargon? Check out our handy guide and bring yourself up to date…. And the best bit of all? Despite being packed with features, the Vodafone Smart first 6 is available for just £40 on Vodafone Pay As You Go right now .. The Smart prime 6 is a completely different animal in the specs department, and offers a significant step up for anyone serious about performance. For a start, the prime 6 runs Android 5.0 Lollipop – the latest iteration of Google’s mobile operating system – and jumps up to a monstrous 1.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm CPU, with 1GB RAM alongside for zippy multi-tasking.. On top of that brains and brawn, the Smart prime 6 really looks and feels the part as well. It’s nice and comfy in the hand thanks to the slim profile and premium materials, and it comes in two beautiful finishes – classic silver or dark anthracite.. If you’re a real media-guzzler, you’re in very good hands with the Smart prime 6, too. There’s masses of storage space – 8GB of internal space and up to 64GB via microSD – enough to handle even the biggest games, apps as well as a whole library of music! And you get 4G LTE compatibility as standard, so you can tap into Vodafone’s 4G network and stream the likes of Spotify and Sky Sports Mobile TV on the go. Don’t forget – you can choose 30-day subscriptions for either of those come included at no extra cost with any Red Freedom Freebee on Vodafone Pay as you go.. And then there’s the cameras: an 8-Megapixel snapper with auto-focus, flash and 1080p video recording at the rear; and a 2-Megapixel, fixed-focus, 720p camera at the front for selfies and video calls. Combine that with the beautiful 5-inch, 1280 x 720 HD display and you’ve got an affordable alternative to some of the best big budget smartphones on the market.. Like the look of one of our new smartphones? Click the link below to head over to our store and grab one at a wallet-friendly price. But here’s the kicker – this phone comes at a fraction of the price. Head to a Vodafone store today and you can pick up the Vodafone Smart prime 6 for just £90 on Pay As You Go. That’s £90 for a smartphone with a cutting edge operating system, heaps of processing power, 4G compatibility and more features than you can shake a stick at!. The Smart Tab prime 6 is a feature-packed tablet for those who want something a bit more powerful in their hands. But as you may guess from the name, this is a tablet, complete with a brilliant 9.6-inch, 1280 x 800 HD display and a 1.3GHz quad-core chipset that’ll handle the video, photos, music and games you want with ease.. Again, Android 5.0 Lollipop comes as standard, making the Smart Tab prime 6 compatible with all the latest, greatest Android apps, while 16GB of internal storage (plus the option to add up to a 32GB microSD card) means you’ll be hard pressed to run out of space, even when you’re downloading large files over 4G or WiFi. With your full 48GB, that’s room for an average of 16,000 songs, or up to 5 full HD movies!. The other normal concern for media-heavy devices is battery life, but fortunately that’s another area where the Smart Tab prime 6 delivers. Under the hood, this tablet packs a massive 4600mAh battery – easily enough to sustain you for seven hours of NOW TV, or an entire afternoon of sport from Sky Sports Mobile TV. And if you’re the sort of person who forgets to plug things in, no problem – the Tab prime 6 will go for 37 days on standby without needing another charge.. Pull all of this together, and the Smart Tab prime 6 is the most powerful tablet we’ve ever made – and a more-than-worthy alternative to more expensive devices. Best of all, it’s available. on Pay monthly right now .. Interested? Does the Smart Tab prime 6 sound like the tablet for you? Keep it locked to Vodafone Social for more info soon.. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+: First impressions from the web’s tech press. Pre-order the Samsung Galaxy S9 or S9+ from Vodafone UK today!. Low price, high performance: Get ‘more of everything for less’ with the new Huawei P Smart!. A Vodafone Christmas Love Story: Get festive feels with Martin Freeman. Apple iPhone X reviews roundup: Grab yours now at Vodafone UK!. The #VodafoneVaults: Win tickets to see Craig David Presents TS5, and Marvin Humes!. @hannahbakesyay Judging by the screenshot Hannah it's a YES from us! 🎉 As for the offer, if it states for existing… https://t.co/dK7vBtFYQl. @InfinitusSteve Strange we'd make this request Steve 🤔 We're happy to look into this and make things easier for the… https://t.co/XdWk8AyFHj. @kennymaclean Such a great tip Kenny 😅 Pia. @DanielKahl1 Oh dear! we're always trying to reward loyalty here at Vodafone 💪 Have you tried looking at our deals… https://t.co/31Im9vbbZn. @hannahbakesyay We're sorry we can't offer fibre at your address as of present Hannah 👎 We'd loved to have had you… https://t.co/haXBjVN9k4. @csd31989 We really don't want to see you go Chris 😭 We'd rather you be eager to stay, is there anything we can do… https://t.co/IRYaFxSewc. Registered office: Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. 
About us | Contact. Unlocking by IMEI code, warranty unaffected. Home > Unlock > Vodafone > Smart First 6. United Arab Emirates Dirham - AED. Chilean Unit of Account (UF) - CLF. Papua New Guinean Kina - PGK. São Tomé and Príncipe Dobra - STD. Trinidad and Tobago Dollar - TTD. Tel: +1 888 373 97 57. If you want to unlock the Vodafone Smart First 6 with the IMEI code, we can do this no problem; all Vodafone mobiles are unlocked by code. After introducing the code the mobile will be unlocked, without losing its warranty or any data. These unlock codes are calculated in minutes, and you will instantly have your phone unlocked forever!. You can unlock your blocked C Spire, AT&T, US Cellular, Cingular, Cricket, Nextel, Sprint, T-Mobile, Verizon, MetroPCS, Tracfone, Boost Mobile, Aio, StraightTalk, H20 Wireless, Simple Mobile, Virgin Mobile, Family Mobile, Xfinity Mobile telephone from USA (spanish) , and then use any SIM card from any country or network.. - Turn on the handset on with a SIM card not accepted by the device (your new network operator). - If the card has a PIN number, enter it and press OK. - The device will prompt: “Network lock”, Now enter the code and press OK. - Your phone will indicate: "Unlock successful", becoming permanently unlocked.. Tel: +1 888 373 97 57. © 2018 Movical Software & Solutions Pte. · Privacy Policy · Terms & Conditions · Cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a better service. Carry on browsing if you're happy with this, or find out how to manage cookies. 
English | French | Spanish | Dutch. Vodafone Smart First 6 Unlocking Instructions. How to Unlock Vodafone Smart First 6 ?. 1: Turn on phone with Not Accepted SIM card.. 2: A menu will pop up to Insert the code.. 3: Insert the provided code and press OK. After Unlocking this phone will work with. Also any where in the world with any Supported Carrier. * Supported carriers can vary based on your locked to carrier and your region, please confirm with your service provider, before placing order. Your phone will be permanently Unlocked,it will not erase your contacts or any data from your phone.. * If you are travelling, buy a local SIM card and save on roaming fees. Vodafone Smart First 6 will increase significantly as it is available to more carriers.. * Easily switch between SIM card, using the same phone.. * Unlock your phone from the comfort of your own home. * You never send your phone to anybody.. * There is absolutely no risk of damaging your. * Very easy, no technical experience necessary.. * The phone is permanently unlocked, even after updates. * Warranty will not be voided by this Code. * 100% Guaranteed, if we cannot get you your unlock code we will refund you no questions asked .. 1: Allumez le téléphone avec une carte SIM non accepté.. 2: Un menu va apparaître pour insérer le code.. 3: Insérez le code fournis et appuyez sur OK. 1: Encienda el teléfono con tarjeta SIM no aceptada.. 2: Un menú pop-up para insertar el código.. 3: Inserte el código provisto y presione OK. 4: El dispositivo está ahora desbloqueado.. Copyright © 2017 World GSM Codes. WorldGSMCodes.com is not affiliated with any product manufacturer. are property of their respective companies. WorldGSMCodes.com is not responsible for typographical errors. All prices, availability, offers are subject to change at anytime without further notice.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Warehouse Deals Outlet Subscribe & Save Vouchers Amazon Family Amazon Prime Amazon Pantry Prime Video Prime Student Mobile Apps Amazon Pickup Locations Amazon Assistant. Vodafone Smart First 6 Pay As You Go Handset Smartphone - Black. 5 star 55% 4 star 18% 3 star 10% 2 star 5% 1 star 12%. Vodafone Smart First 6 Pay As You Go Handset Smartphone - Black. This page works best with JavaScript. Disabling it will result in some disabled or missing features. You can still see all customer reviews for the product.. See all 661 positive reviews ›. 5.0 out of 5 stars Amazing value smartphone - definitely recommend it. By mac on 8 March 2016. I bought this primarily because it runs on Android rather than Windows. Last year I purchased a far more expensive smartphone which runs on Windows and which has a depressingly small number of available apps. This vodaphone smartphone allows me to access google playstore and download all my favourite apps – including a decent version of Tetris which is one of my old time favourites. It is nice and slim and is quite lightweight. It has a decent 4 inch sized screen. Its not quite as large as my previous Nokia phone but it is quite adequate for watching videos in bed, surfing the net and playing games on as well as the usual phone calls, texting, messaging, emailing etc. I regularly use it for watching Netflix and BBC Iplayer and ITV hub through the home wifi. It runs like a dream and I have never had any trouble with buffering. I also regularly listen to Iplayer radio and BBC radio podcasts on it. The camera is only 2 megapixels so the pictures are not of the highest quality but I don’t tend to take too many photos on my phone so its not really an important issue for me. Also it only has one camera but as I abhor the “selfie” craze this is definitely not an issue for me! I can do everything I used to do on my previous HTC and Nokia smarphones and more. I have my email set up so it updates whenever I am using mobile data or using wifi. All in all I am amazed at what good quality it is for just over £20! When I think of the hundreds of pounds I have paid for smartphones in the past I cannot believe how good this is. If you cannot forego all the latest hi tech features of exorbitantly expensive smartphones I would still definitely recommend buying this as a backup for example for holidays abroad or nights out or any event where there is a likelihood your phone might be at risk.. See all 248 critical reviews ›. 2.0 out of 5 stars No proper setup instructions. By Barnacle Bill on 8 July 2016. Bought this as a first phone for my son. I've given it two stars because I don't know if the phone is good or bad as I've spent the last 3 days trying to get it set up for him. The instructions are simplistic in the extreme and the SIM card has been difficult to fit correctly. I'm sure that the phone will work OK (after all, how hard can it be) but vague pictorial instructions are worse than useless, and of course there is the background worry that if you apply too much pressure you'll break something, but it isn't clear how much pressure is needed. I'm sure that anybody over a certain age will understand what I mean. In terms of simplicity it would probably be ideal for an elderly person who just wants a phone, but it's far too fiddly and difficult to set up.. All reviewers Verified purchase only All reviewers Filter by:. All stars 5 star only 4 star only 3 star only 2 star only 1 star only All positive All critical All stars Filter by:. All formats Colour: Black All formats. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Amazing value smartphone - definitely recommend it. By mac TOP 1000 REVIEWER on 8 March 2016. I bought this primarily because it runs on Android rather than Windows. Last year I purchased a far more expensive smartphone which runs on Windows and which has a depressingly small number of available apps. This vodaphone smartphone allows me to access google playstore and download all my favourite apps – including a decent version of Tetris which is one of my old time favourites. It is nice and slim and is quite lightweight. It has a decent 4 inch sized screen. Its not quite as large as my previous Nokia phone but it is quite adequate for watching videos in bed, surfing the net and playing games on as well as the usual phone calls, texting, messaging, emailing etc. I regularly use it for watching Netflix and BBC Iplayer and ITV hub through the home wifi. It runs like a dream and I have never had any trouble with buffering. I also regularly listen to Iplayer radio and BBC radio podcasts on it. The camera is only 2 megapixels so the pictures are not of the highest quality but I don’t tend to take too many photos on my phone so its not really an important issue for me. Also it only has one camera but as I abhor the “selfie” craze this is definitely not an issue for me! I can do everything I used to do on my previous HTC and Nokia smarphones and more. I have my email set up so it updates whenever I am using mobile data or using wifi. All in all I am amazed at what good quality it is for just over £20! When I think of the hundreds of pounds I have paid for smartphones in the past I cannot believe how good this is. If you cannot forego all the latest hi tech features of exorbitantly expensive smartphones I would still definitely recommend buying this as a backup for example for holidays abroad or nights out or any event where there is a likelihood your phone might be at risk.. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like this: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading the comments at the moment. 5.0 out of 5 stars fantastic. By Temperance on 26 December 2015. I bought 3 of these for my grandchildren there 1st new phones ages between 9 &12 and they do everything my Nokia does at a quarter of the price they got them up and running in no time and never came off them at the moment I am the best Nan ever and the best christmas present ever.. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like this: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading the comments at the moment. 4.0 out of 5 stars Good budget smartphone. By Mr Spleen on 13 January 2016. I'm not a great fan of smartphones, I'm really not. Since I bought my last moby phone in 2006, though, I thought I'd make a cheap foray into the world of the modern pedestrian (and even motorist) screen-starers. This phone is cheap but doesn't feel it. It has a decent touchscreen and can take a bit of a bashing without complaining. The battery life is decent and the 32 gig expansion limit should be more than enough for the average casual user like myself. I downloaded a music player (VLC) and it almost became as good as my Sony Walkman. NB the memory card is a bit of a pain to fit in this.. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like this: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading the comments at the moment. 5.0 out of 5 stars A smart buy.. By Bluebottlethethird on 1 March 2016. I use a digital camera rather than a phone so I wasn't bothered about the meagre 2 megapixel camera in the phone. I found this was better operationally than my Samsung Galaxy Y in a lot of respects. It's easier to navigate and seems less temperamental and at less than half the price of the Samsung is a bargain if you want a basic smart phone rather than an iphone clone. This does all I need and does it well, plus the battery lasts for days longer than the Samsung if things like wifi etc are switched off. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like this: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading the comments at the moment. 5.0 out of 5 stars Simple Smart Phone.. This phone is a nice little introduction to the world of smart phones. I purchased it for one of my grandsons and he found it easy to use and to set up. The screens are simply arranged and anyone with a molecule of common sense will find it easy to customise. Here is my only real piece of criticism about this phone package: mine did not come with any instructions. The screen allows you to set up a whole host of favourites including apps, contacts and other useful things. This is a very low price smart phone but comes full of essential functions which most users will find useful. You do not need to be an experienced computer/mobile device user to make use of this phone and so many technophobes will be more comfortable around this device. Mine came without any instructions and I don't know if this is by intention or not. In the box was the handset, a battery, a SIM card, a charger and charging lead and earphones.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like this: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading the comments at the moment. 2.0 out of 5 stars No proper setup instructions. By Barnacle Bill on 8 July 2016. Bought this as a first phone for my son. I've given it two stars because I don't know if the phone is good or bad as I've spent the last 3 days trying to get it set up for him. The instructions are simplistic in the extreme and the SIM card has been difficult to fit correctly. I'm sure that the phone will work OK (after all, how hard can it be) but vague pictorial instructions are worse than useless, and of course there is the background worry that if you apply too much pressure you'll break something, but it isn't clear how much pressure is needed. I'm sure that anybody over a certain age will understand what I mean. In terms of simplicity it would probably be ideal for an elderly person who just wants a phone, but it's far too fiddly and difficult to set up.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like this: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading the comments at the moment. 2.0 out of 5 stars Once purchased. Minimal storage capacity for extra applications. Eats your money when data is turned on. By Steven.J.Williams on 3 August 2017. Great phone to have handy but would stress about the storage available for it. As most of it is already used for the software already installed on the device once it is purchased. Therefore there is hardly none available left over for you to download and buy other apps for the phone when you think your buying a bargain. It is cheap and I think that's why. If you haven't had Experiance in cheap storage availability you will surly get it from this device. I did spend money on pay as you go about £10.00 but found it had eaten it when I checked my balance. You will find yourself having to upgrade to another model of phone once you have purchased this product. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like this: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading the comments at the moment. 5.0 out of 5 stars Fantastic Android smart phone for less than £20. By Chris Bham on 31 May 2016. Have a much more expensive one that I did not want to take with me when out and about where it could be stolen. Only wanted it for calls, messaging, and internet access/WiFi. But against all expectations does most things my more expensive phone does, except slower. Also only 3G reception and limited storage capacity. Because it does so much more than expected have already filled the storage with apps, so now need to purchase a memory card if I want to take more pictures (or delete some of the apps). Good enough to watch TV, play some games, make calls, message + text, listen to music, etc Considering the price of less than £20 this is a super little back-up phone, or starter phone for a young person.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like this: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading the comments at the moment. 5.0 out of 5 stars Beautifully made and compact design. By Annette James on 11 December 2015. For £25 Is an absolute bargain. Been searching for weeks for a first phone for a kid and this is perfect. Very simple to use, decent camera, android so plenty of apps to chose from. You really won't do much better even with a £70 budget. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like this: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading the comments at the moment. 3.0 out of 5 stars OK after five months. By aviewer on 17 August 2016. Bought five months ago for casual use, no gaming. It is a surprisingly good phone for an absurdly cheap price. (You can also buy an unlock code for peanuts if you're not a Vodafone user.) The main gripes are that the camera is very poor and that the battery soon runs low if you have 'location', 3G and Wi-Fi enabled. It is however an excellent indoor phone, ideal as a backup or as a starter device. (Though the screen is small and you might find typing fiddly.) It's also very light. I found it could install a lot of apps because many of the most popular ones are already built-in on the system partition, e.g. Facebook and the main Google ones. Expert users should note that it is surprisingly difficult to root the phone or install a custom ROM. That said, Vodafone's version of Android 4.4 KitKat runs well. As a phone, it has a loud ringer and I could hear clearly down the line. If you want a cheap phone or would like to try a smartphone, you can't really go wrong at this price. It is limited but works well for the money.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.com. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.com. Copy the web address of the product. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.com, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like this: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading the comments at the moment. ← Previous 1 2 3 4 ... Questions? Get fast answers from reviewers. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Vodafone Smart First 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. 3.5 out of 5 stars 556. Vodafone Smart First 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - White. 3.5 out of 5 stars 556. Vodafone Smart Mini 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. 3.5 out of 5 stars 556. Vodafone Smart First 7 SE Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. 3.5 out of 5 stars 556. Need customer service? Click here. ‹ See all details for Vodafone Smart First 6 Pay As You Go Handset Smartphone - Black. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
GSMchoice: 305 brands. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Samsung Huawei LG Nokia Alcatel ZTE Prestigio Sony Asus BLU Motorola Lenovo HTC Sharp Coolpad Xiaomi Sony Ericsson Fly i-mobile Oppo Apple Intex Honor Panasonic Vivo Doogee myPhone Micromax Kyocera Wiko. Data Gallery Tests News Pictures Opinions Questions To your site. Vodafone 345 Vodafone 351 Vodafone 455 Vodafone Smart 4 Fun Vodafone Smart 4 max Vodafone Smart 4 Mini Vodafone Smart 4 power Vodafone Smart 4 turbo Vodafone Smart E8 Vodafone Smart first 6 Vodafone Smart first 7 Vodafone Smart N8 Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Vodafone Smart Tab 3G Vodafone Smart Tab 4 Vodafone Smart Tab 4G Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 Vodafone Tab Prime 6. Dimensions (W x H x D). 121.60 x 64.40 x 11.60 mm. Color / TFT 480 x 800 px. 3G: 393 h (16.4 days). microSD, microSDHC (up to 32 GB). MediaTek MT6572M Processor clock: 1.00 GHz Number of cores: 2. GPU: ARM Mali-400 MP1 @500 MHz. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. H.263, H.264, MPEG4 - 30 fps. Video support: H.263, H.264, MPEG4, DIVX, VP8, VC-1.. If you want to add standard information about this phone to your site please - click here !. A D V E R T I S E M E N T. Popularity chart of Vodafone Smart first 6. We do our best to present the proper and current information on this page. However, in case of finding any error in the data above please. Sorry, there are no opinions yet.. © 2005 - 2018 PIK Sp. MWC18: Samsung finally reveals the premiere flagships ». MWC18: HMD Global and a lot of new Nokias – including the iconic “banana” ». MWC18: LG presents the LG V30S ThinQ model with artificial intelligence ». MWC18: Three series of Alcatel smartphones - the first launch in Barcelona ». MWC18: Huawei, a genius laptop and multimedia tablets ». Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ Unpacked - where and how to watch? All Rights Reserved by PIK Sp. Your IP 162.158.179.32 Engine & layout by InterData. 
