GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 144 x 72.1 x 8 mm (5.67 x 2.84 x 0.31 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 69.4 cm 2 (~66.8% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~293 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Vodafone Smart prime 7 - user opinions and reviews. I have been using this device for nearly a year and the screen shows 2 burned areas, the camera is very faulty (i believe is the software) giving me black squares and missing colors on multiple pixel (front camera a total joke unless you are in a ver.... Rubbish this device runs slow 8gb of storage what a joke! even for basic use it's no good. Been using this phone for 3 months, got some few tweaks enabled am a baby user, but still functions great, the battery omg...two days is rare but not when using this device. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart ultra 7 Vodafone Smart N8 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Motorola Moto G. Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8. 
Your are currently using Vodafone.com without Javascript. Without javascript enabled we cannot guarantee your current experience but would you like to visit our mobile version for a better experance?. Choose your country for customer service, offers and more. We have a significant presence in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific through our subsidiary undertakings, joint ventures, associated undertakings and investments. Visit our 'Where we are' map to see the countries where we have coverage.. Step into the future with impressive specs such as a HD720p screen, for the ultimate social media and photography experience. A very slim and elegant device with the latest Android gives you access to thousands of apps through the Google Play Store.. 144 mm x 72.1 mm x 7.99 mm. 5.0“ HD 720p 2.5D dragon tail glass. 1GB RAM /8GB eMMC (5GB for user) microSD up to 128GB. Charger, USB data cable, headset, QSG. We use cookies to improve your experience, show you content you may like. Continue if you're ok with this, or read our privacy policy .. We use cookies to improve your experience on this site. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Page 1 Vodafone Smart Prime 7. What is the Vodafone Smart Prime 7?. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 – Design and build. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 – Display. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 – Performance. If there’s anyone capable of making a phone that can punch above its weight, it’s the mobile networks. They have the ability to subsidise the cost of the device by making sure you use their network, alongside the features that go with it.. EE has done this successfully in the past with its impressive Harrier line of phones, and Vodafone dished out some good handsets last year with both the Smart Prime 6 and Smart Ultra 6 .. Now Vodafone returns with the Smart Prime 7. It offers up a 5-inch 720p display, quad-core processor, removable storage and a pretty clean build of Android Marshmallow all for £75.. What’s the best phone you can buy right now?. The Vodafone Smart Prime 7 feels like a phone that costs £75. When you consider that budget phones from the likes of Honor and Motorola are starting to take design and build seriously, it’s disappointing to see the Smart Prime 7 is dull and unambitious.. It’s a plastic slab of a phone, with a clean front and a flimsy removable back. That back has a slight woven pattern that feels like it should be textured, but it’s not. It lacks grip and bends easily when removed.. On the sides there’s a volume and power switch, both of which continue that flimsy feeling. They have a slight texture, so they can be easily felt in your pocket, but they lack a satisfying click.. The sides themselves are plastic, even though from a distance they do resemble metal. I thought we’d got past that stage of phone design where we tried to make plastic look like metal, but it seems not.. It’s not all bad, though – at 7.9mm it’s a thin phone and one that easily fits into a pocket. It’s light too, and while there’s a rather large bezel surrounding the 5-inch display it still feels compact. It’s about the same size as the Moto G3 , and slightly larger than the iPhone 6S , but I can use it in one hand without too much trouble. Below the display is a set of three capacitive keys, each of which light up momentarily when you touch them.. At 5-inches, the Vodafone Smart Prime 7’s display is on the small side for a modern Android phone, and for the price it’s quite impressive.. It’s a 720p LCD panel and I would say that 5 inches is just about the limit with a display of this resolution. Pixels are visible if you get in close, colours are a tad muted and it just feels a bit washed out.. Viewing angles, though, are surprisingly good. Tilting the phone to either side doesn’t completely ruin the image and it doesn’t have a pinkish tinge, something I found a little off-putting on the HTC 10 .. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Brightness isn’t an issue either, I normally have it on about 50-60% and it’s perfectly readable in the majority of conditions.. My main issues with the screen comes with its responsiveness, or lack thereof. There have been multiple occasions when the screen hasn’t done anything when I’ve touched it, and I’ve had to try multiple times for it to respond. I also feel it requires a much more specific touch – when trying to hit a link for example – and on numerous occasions I’ve tapped on the wrong thing by accident.. With budget phones, the main creator of problems is the performance. To keep the price down, lower-specced processors are used and that tends to cause issues. The Vodafone Smart Prime 7 sort of falls into this pit too, but it’s still a perfectly usable phone.. Inside you’ve got a low-end quad-core Snapdragon 210 CPU paired with 1GB of RAM, whih for 2016 that isn’t all that much. Especially when devices such as the Moto G4 are offering 2GB of RAM, a 1080p display and a very capable Snapdragon 617 CPU. I know it costs more (£169), but it’s well worth the extra cash.. Those low-end specs create a slow and plodding user experience. Apps judder slightly before they open, swiping through web pages is blocky and once you’ve got a few apps open things quickly get even worse. It’s fine for sending a few emails, messages and phone calls, but don’t expect to be gaming or running intensive apps.. It’s perfectly acceptable for the price, but it doesn’t push beyond it. It’s predictable, rather than trying to do something extra.. Benchmarking seems completely redundant on a device that costs £75, but if you want the scores on the doors, here you go. In Geekbench 3 it scores 331 on the single-core test and 1,070 on the multi-core version. That’s a little better than the other Snapdragon 210 device I’ve tested before, and that phone (the HTC Desire 530 ) is much more expensive.. There’s 8GB internal storage, but it seems that only 4GB of that is actually usable. Vodafone tells me the user should have 5GB, but it only shows me 3.99GB. Not sure what the issue is here, but it’s still a pitiful amount of storage. You’ll need an SD card here, no doubt.. Another thing to note is that the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 is, you guessed it, locked to Vodafone. A Three user? Or O2? Don’t even think about it. Call quality and 4G signal was great, with calls coming across crisp and clear.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Can you get a good phone for £75?. The Vodafone Smart Prime 7 is a good, cheap and capable phone with a very usable screen and enough power for most normal users. It's somewhat let down by its camera, but if you know that going in this phone won't disappoint.. 8GB of internal storage is not enough. Reviewers tend to groan when presented with handsets like the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 for a few reasons, not least because it seems unlikely that a £75 phone will have much to offer those of us who play with handsets such as the iPhone 6S and Samsung Galaxy S7 day-in day-out.. But when I took the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 out of its box I was forced to rethink my usual preconceptions.. Straight away, this isn't the mush of low-end components and uninspiring design you might expect to see in a phone that costs as little as this one does. Vodafone has tended to be quite impressive in 2016 with its new handset releases - just look at the premium, yet still only £300 Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 - and the Prime 7 didn't disappoint.. Let's start with the look and feel. The Smart Prime 7 is plastic, and to get the SIM and optional microSD cards in you have to pop off the back cover. It's thin and a bit flimsy – it gives way when you push it with modest force – but that's not a negative point.. It's not badly designed at all, and it feels like it will comfortably survive the rigours of day-to-day use. The black version of the phone is pictured throughout this review, but you can also pick it up in a white version as well.. On the right side are the power button and volume rocker – standard stuff. On the back is a small and nicely subtle Vodafone logo, along with the 8MP camera and LED flash. The headphone jack is on the top, while at the bottom is the micro USB port for charging.. Vodafone has gone for hardware buttons for the Prime 7 – they're capacitive, and only visible when lit by a backlight. You get the standard Android back and home buttons, and what I call the pointless square.. The pointless square does have a point – it's for task-switching – but the decision to make this icon a square is one that will confuse me until the day I die. It makes no logical sense – mind you, the home circle is only fractionally better.. The Smart Prime 7's screen is of a fairly modest resolution. No QHD here, just trusty old 720 x 1280. As a phone snob you might think I'd bemoan that, but actually it's really good.. It's nearly impossible to see the pixels on the 5-inch screen, and the pixels per inch number of 293 is only a little lower than the iPhone SE 's 326. In short, the screen is nice, and the spec doesn't really tell the whole story.. I think it's fair to say that price is the key point of this phone. People buying the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 will likely want a handset that offers them basic functionality for a sensible price. Good news guys: this phone goes way beyond that 'basic' requirement.. For one thing it offers 4G, so you'll be well placed to take advantage of fast browsing, downloads and the like; 4G isn't unheard of for budget handsets like this, but it's always great to see, as it makes for a much better phone experience.. Tied into that are Vodafone's optional services, such as Spotify and Sky Sports which, depending on your tariff, you may get some free access to. With 4G these are going to fly along at a fair old clip that even good 3G can't match – it's a real bonus to have.. Another nice selling point is that the Smart Prime 7 offers a simple, stock Android experience – and it's Android 6.0 Marshmallow to boot. Now, I'm not someone who believes custom Android UIs are a bad thing, but I'm also aware that some people quite like the way standard Android looks – and those people will love this phone, as very little has been tweaked.. On the downside there's a fair amount of Vodafone branding. This isn't really a massive surprise – it's a Vodafone-branded device after all, and it's clearly being subsidised by your subscription to its network. And the interference is minimal enough; Vodafone's apps are mostly there to help you monitor your account and sell you accessories.. Also included is Vodafone's Message+, this is like iMessage on an iPhone, and enables you to text people via SMS, but other Vodafone users can be reached using more modern means that don't incur the charge for sending a regular text message. I get what Vodafone is trying to do here, and there are options for video calling too which make sense.. In a world where there's a service that everyone is using, and one that does most of the things Message+ does, Vodafone's offering seems sort of pointless. Still, it's there, and it seems decent enough in concept; how much benefit you'll get from it will depend on how many people you know who are on Vodafone.. Because this is a Vodafone exclusive it makes sense to talk about your buying options. At the time of writing the phone is £75 on pay-as-you-go, or you can get it for free on tariffs starting at £16 per month. That entry-level deal only gets you 250MB of data though, so be careful. If I was buying this phone I'd grab it on PAYG and get Vodafone's 1GB bundle for £15 per month – but with no contract, obviously.. You also get an FM radio. I sort of like this – it's a feature that's going extinct on phones, but when you're bored and in an area with poor data coverage it can make for a nice distraction.. Next Page Performance and battery. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Vodafone Smart prime 7 - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 ». I have been using this device for nearly a year and the screen shows 2 burned areas, the camera is very faulty (i believe is the software) giving me black squares and missing colors on multiple pixel (front camera a total joke unless you are in a very good lighting condition). it has a way of overheating by doing simple task like browsing through web (sometimes even when watching locally stored media). Even though its an android the user interface is complicated and unbearable. My device came with 2 apps for calls and 2 for messages, and i needed to disable 2 otherwise i wold get every notification in double. Storage is so low that i am afraid i might run out of data even from updates. Its a pretty bad device and all i loaded to it is: whatsapp, viber and samsung health. Anonymous, 01 Nov 2017 this phone beats most phones and if u dont believe me, get your bitch ass here and i will show... more Rubbish this device runs slow 8gb of storage what a joke! even for basic use it's no good. Been using this phone for 3 months, got some few tweaks enabled am a baby user, but still functions great, the battery omg...two days is rare but not when using this device. Khathu, 01 Jan 2017 I bought this phone is just awesome and nice pics and the memory card can be used as internal ... more this phone beats most phones and if u dont believe me, get your bitch ass here and i will show you it is worth the money cause it is. Anonymous, 20 Jul 2017 This phone ils rubbish. Vodafone should remove it from their stores.. this phone is dope if you just figure out the hidden stuff on it. it is the reason why vodacom exists. go search online and you will see. zooo, 18 May 2017 hey guys. so i recently lost my samsung phone and i think i should go for this phone. After less than 5 months having bought it, I regret it, hopefully you didn't buy it. Vodafone should remove it from their stores.. It has only 4 GB internal memory !. Seems impossible to create group message. so i recently lost my samsung phone and i think i should go for this phone. i like it for the fact that it looks like an i phone 7 .. but looks can be deceiving so should i buy the phone or not ?. I've just bought this phone after my Samung S4 decided to cook itself to death. As there was no music player i loaded the app VLC. It scanned for my music on the SD card which contained my music files. No problem in playing music or videos. Also the app contains a equaliser which improves sound quality when a suitable type is selected.. Biggest load of rubbbish I have ever held in my hands. I demanded my money back after 2 weeks. It is so slow that it sometimes cant even answer calls! It cant save numbers for whatsapp, it hangs all the time, always runs out of space. Dont waste your time and money. If I could give it negative stars I would.. barely had this phone for a year and its freezing doesn't let me go on any of the apps. should of expected this from a cheap phone. I liked it at first but now its just, basically unusable. Thought it was the best £75 I've ever spent but I was wrong it was the worst. Bought this phone 2 days ago after finally letting go of my Samsung S4. I would definitely recommend you check this phone out! Vodafone have some really nice handsets for a fraction of the price of bigger name brands like Apple and Samsung. The display is fantastic, unlike my s4 it does not heat up. Apps run smoothly even with Nova launcher, snapchat, drive, whatsapp, pixlr express, face book, twitter and the list goes on. I like the thickness of the device and it has a premium feel in the hand. Camera is fair but good with HDR enabled. The Smart Platinum is also a strong contender but quite a bit more expensive. Very impressed with the phone for the price and it has LTE.. When I get an incoming phone call the screen goes black and I have no way of taking the call. Otherwise the phone seems to do everything including messages send and receive ok. I bought this phone is just awesome and nice pics and the memory card can be used as internal storage and I like thickness of it is just amazing and the price is reasonable. I just bought this phpnr, def satisfied with it. Does not feel slow at all, though you may experience latency depending on the apps you use. The screen is also really nice. Great screen area and very thin. I haven't had any problems with it at all except the fact that it doesn't have emojis/ emoticons. Had iPhone 4s previously and switched to smart prime 7- very glad I did its soooo much better. I dont understand why people don't like it? :). Pages: 1 2 3 ». Total of 52 user reviews and opinions for Vodafone Smart prime 7 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart ultra 7 Vodafone Smart N8 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Motorola Moto G. Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 50 results for "Vodafone Smart Prime 7". See all results for Vodafone Smart Prime 7 .. Ulefone Armor 2 MTK Helio 5.0-inch FHD smart-phone 6GB RAM 64GB ROM 4700mAh battery support quick charge Dual SIM cell phone Android 7.0 IP68 waterproof dust-proof Type C NFC Smartphone Dark Grey. O2, E-Plus, T-Mobile, Vodafone and other mobile network .... Cadorabo - Book Style Wallet Design for Vodafone SMART PRIME 7 with 2 Card Slots and Stand Function - Etui Case Cover Protection Pouch in OXID-BLACK. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. Onite Blue 32G CoolFlash USB Flash Drive for Samsung Galaxy S7 S6 S5 S4 S3 S2, Tab A E, Note 4 3 2, LG L9 K8 K7, G4 G3, Lumia 920, Moto G5 G4 G. S7, S6, J5, Huawei P9 Lite, Wileyfox Swift 2, Vodafone Smart First 7 .... Onite 16G Blue CoolFlash 2 in 1 OTG Micro USB Flash Drive Disk for Samsung Galaxy S7 S5 S4 S3 S2, Tab, Note 4 3 2, LG L9 K8 K7, G4 G3, Lumia 920, Moto G5 G4 G. Galaxy S7, J5, Huawei P9 Lite, Wileyfox Swift 2, Vodafone Smart First 7 .... Black For Alcatel OneTouch Pixi4 5" 4G 5045 5045D / Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VFD500 New Touch Screen Digitizer Panel Replacement ( NO LCD ). Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. FOR Vodafone Smart prime 7 USB Premium Data Sync Cable * White - 3 feet long *. FOR Vodafone Smart prime 7 Horizontal Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop * Fits phone w/ DUAL Thick Layer Case on it *. FOR Vodafone Smart prime 7 Heavy Duty Home Charger * 5 feet long *. FOR Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vertical Rugged Canvas Case Cover Holster with Fixed Belt Clip and Belt Loop * Fits Bare Phone Only *. FOR Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vertical Leather Case Cover Holster with Swivel Belt Clip * Fits phone w/ DUAL Thick Layer Case on it *. FOR Vodafone Smart prime 7 USB Premium Data Sync Cable * Black - 3 feet long *. FOR Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vertical Leather Case Cover Holster with Swivel Belt Clip * Fits phone w/ Single Layer Case on it *. Onite 32G Black CoolFlash 2 in 1 OTG Micro USB Flash Drive Disk for Samsung Galaxy S7 S6 S5 S4 S3 S2, Tab, Note 4 3 2, LG L9 K8 K7, G4 G3, Lumia 920, Moto G5 G4 G. S7, S6, J5, Huawei P9 Lite, Wileyfox Swift 2, Vodafone Smart First 7 .... FOR Vodafone Smart prime 7 USB Premium Data Sync Cable * Black - 5 feet long *. FOR Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vertical Leather Case Cover Holster with Swivel Belt Clip * Fits Bare Phone Only *. FOR Vodafone Smart prime 7 Heavy Duty Rapid Car Charger * 5 feet long *. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Sign up for our daily newsletter. Toggle menus Toggle search. Home Mobiles Tablets PCs Laptops Cameras Games Appliances TVs Wearables Printers Software Accessories Networks Storage Video Cameras. Latest deals Coffee machines Broadband PC Performance Sky Soundbox Nintendo Switch Baby products Newsletter. You are here: Home Vodafone Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: The best budget phone under £50. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: The best budget phone under £50. facebook twitter google+ email Comments. inc VAT (PAYG, as of 15th May). Page 1 of 2 Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: The best budget phone under £50 1. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: The best budget phone under £50 2. It's not very fast, but the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 is a beautifully designed smartphone with a gorgeous screen and great battery life. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: Display Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: Android 6.0 & Vodafone apps Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: Battery Life. Reviewed back in 2016 at £75, the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 was an excellent budget phone. Now the stylish phone that sports a great screen and battery life can be found for just £50 - a real bargain for anyone who wants a cheap smartphone.. If you're open to any network provider, this Vodafone-locked phone might just be the best budget phone on the market. Read our original review to see how it compares to its rivals.. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - White. Network-branded smartphones used to be a pretty pitiful bunch, but Vodafone's slowly been putting this notion to rights. Last year's Smart Ultra 6 , for example, almost knocked the 3rd Gen Moto G off its throne with its price-defying specs, but its huge size meant it wasn't an ideal fit for everyone's pockets.. The Smart Prime 7, however, could be just the ticket. At just £75 on Vodafone's PAYG, the Smart Prime 7 is quite possibly one of the most elegant and gorgeously designed smartphones I've ever seen for under £100. With its slim, 7.9mm profile and classy, carbon fibre-like rear panel, the Smart Prime 7 is a whole world away from even our favourite top sub-£100 smartphone to date, the comparatively chunky 2nd Gen Moto E .. Admittedly, the Smart Prime 7's plain, charcoal looks aren't quite as fun as the Moto E's coloured swappable frames and cases, but its understated design definitely works in its favour. You wouldn't even know it was a Vodafone phone at first glance, as the small, dark Vodafone logo blends in subtly with the rest of the handset.. Its textured volume and power keys are another great touch, as they not only feel great under your thumb, but are also very easy to find by touch alone. It's small details like this that really elevate the Smart Prime 7 above other cut-price smartphones, and makes it feel more upmarket than it really is.. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - White. An even greater rarity at this kind of price is its 5in, 1,280x720 resolution display. Normally, sub-£100 smartphones are consigned to rather pitiful resolutions of 800x480 or less – even the Moto E only has a 960x540 resolution display – so to see a display of this calibre on such a cheap phone is an absolute marvel.. Best budget smartphone 2018: The TOP cheap phones to buy in 2018. Alcatel Pixi 4 (5) review: How good can a £59 smartphone be?. As a result, there's very little separating the Smart Prime 7's screen from the 3rd Gen Moto G, as both phones look equally sharp with identical pixel densities of 294ppi, and their nigh-on identical sRGB colour gamut coverage means they reproduce colours fairly well too. Measuring the screen with our colourimeter, the Smart Prime 7 can display 86.7% of the sRGB gamut, which is a fraction larger than the Moto G's 85.4%. It was only missing a sliver of red and green coverage, too, so images still looked pretty rich and accurate.. Its contrast was also respectable at 1,060:1, and its max brightness of 478.71cd/m2 meant I didn't have to squint and lean over it in the sunshine just to make out what was onscreen. A black level of 0.45cd/m2 at max brightness was a little underwhelming, but it's a small complaint given the rest of the screen's strengths.. The Smart Prime 7 is brilliantly set up for first-time users, too. It not only has an optional tutorial explaining how it works, but its My Vodafone app is a one-stop shop for monitoring your bill, data usage and finding BT Wi-Fi hotspots. The Vodafone Start app also lists various Vodafone services and current offers, as well as some recommended Vodafone apps to download. Otherwise, the number of Vodafone widgets is kept to a minimum, allowing you to get on using the phone without feeling like you're being bombarded with network-related promotions.. Its Call+ and Message+ apps are particularly handy, as these also let you make and receive calls and text messages from any web browser by logging in to https://phoneplus.vodafone.com on your PC or laptop. This is particularly handy if you live or visit somewhere with bad reception, as it means you won't miss out on important calls and texts. It also means you can pick up messages and make calls on holiday without racking up a big bill, presuming you have access to an internet connection.. You don't have to worry about missing a call either, as you can opt to receive incoming call notifications in your browser as well as use the web interface to share photos, locations, stickers and emoticons via text while you're on the phone. This is extremely handy if you don't feel particularly confident typing on a phone keyboard, and it was very easy to set up when I tried it out for myself.. Vodafone uses vanilla Android, as Google intended so to speak, which is arguably the most user-friendly form today. It comes pre-installed with the latest version – Android 6.0.1 – and it only has a handful of apps installed, too. Admittedly, that's partly because the phone has just 8GB of storage, only 3.98GB of which is actually available to the user. This doesn't leave a lot of room for anything else, particularly once you've downloaded a game or two, so adding a microSD card is an absolute must. The slot for this is found underneath the rear panel above its huge, fixed battery.. Speaking of which, the Smart Prime 7 has excellent battery life. In our continuous video playback test, it lasted an impressive 12h 55m when the screen brightness was set to our standard measurement of 170cd/m2, which is almost two hours more than the Moto G. It doesn't quite surpass the 2nd Gen Moto E, which managed 13h 30m, but this is still an excellent score for such a cheap smartphone. Page 1 of 2 Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: The best budget phone under £50 1. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: The best budget phone under £50 2. Best phone battery life 2018: The BEST smartphones ranked. The best phone cameras in 2018. Need a phone upgrade? Find out the best upcoming phones. OnePlus 6 could get facial recognition. Samsung Galaxy Note 9: Launching in August?. Google Pixel 3: Release date, rumours and news. The best Android phones money can buy. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. LG G7: Is LG's next flagship really delayed?. Samsung Exynos 9810: The power behind the Samsung Galaxy S9. Find out the best budget smartphones you can buy. Huawei P Smart: An 18:9 budget phone. Lenovo P2 review: The best smartphone battery life, period. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Honor 9 Lite review: An 18:9 budget marvel. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X: The king of budget smartphones?. Samsung Galaxy A5 review: A worthy Galaxy S8 stand-in. Honor 9 review: Better than the OnePlus 5T?. Sony Xperia XZ2: Sony’s latest flagship launched at MWC. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Size doesn’t matter. Samsung Exynos 9810: The power behind the Samsung Galaxy S9. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus: A dual-camera delight. Best Wi-Fi extenders: Better coverage, faster downloads. IT Pro Alphr Know Your Mobile Channel Pro Cloud Pro. About us Company website Contact us Privacy notice Affiliate policy Manage my mags. © Dennis, a trading name of Dennis Publishing Ltd, registered in England & Wales no. Registered address: 31-32 Alfred Place, London, WC1E 7DP. Dennis is run for the benefit of the Heart of England Forest , a registered charity dedicated to planting tomorrow’s great native woodland one tree at a time.. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Can you get a good phone for £75?. At the core of the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 210, which is a quad-core chip with a processor speed of 1.1GHz and an Adreno 304 GPU.. There's also 1GB of RAM, which is a bit measly these days, although I didn't find it a massive issue; RAM does help keep a phone feeling fluid though, and the more of it you have the better as a rule.. One thing to note is that the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 does not support 5GHz Wi-Fi. This is a shame, because 2.4GHz Wi-Fi is often congested and slow, especially if you live in a busy town or city. It does, however, support Wireless N, which means you should see Wi-Fi speeds of up to 300Mbps in perfect conditions – although that's highly unlikely in the real world.. I did some of the usual tests – gaming with Real Racing 3, and general Google Play app downloads – and felt that apps were a little slower to install on this phone than some more premium models, but not so much so that it was a real concern.. Real Racing ran beautifully too, with loads of detail and none of the stuttering you might see on an underpowered phone.. I used Geekbench to get an idea of how the handset performed in a synthetic test, and it was pretty much as I expected. The Smart Prime 7 isn't going to set any speed records, and it came in slower than the Moto G in both single-core and multi-core tests.. Benchmarks are meaningless to most users, though, and the phone itself feels responsive all the times I've picked it up – so be guided by that, rather than by the Geekbench results.. There are a few things that suggest the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 should be optimised for long battery life. Remember that slightly lower screen resolution? Well, that helps to keep the power flowing for longer.. There's also the fact that the Snapdragon 210 is designed to offer 4G while keeping the phone running efficiently. And finally, there's the fact that the battery is reasonably high-capacity for a small phone.. Sure enough, with light to moderate use you'll easily get up to 24 hours of battery life. Even after running our standard battery test for 90 minutes with the screen on maximum brightness, and some more typical use – taking a few snaps and general tweeting and emailing – the handset was showing well over half a charge. That's decent, actually, and will suit those who aren't constantly checking their phones.. Speaking of that battery test, it knocked 15% off the charge. That's a respectable figure, and compares well to some high-end phones, which suffer on account of their fancy screens and faster processors – the HTC 10 , for example, lost 22% of its battery in the same test.. Prev Page Introduction, design and features. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Review: In Depth. Screen size 5-inches Screen resolution 720p HD (720x1280) Weight 128 grams OS Android 6.0 Marshmallow Rear Camera 8-megapixels Front camera 5-megapixels Processor 1.3GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 212 Memory 1GB RAM Storage 8GB. Expandable via microSD up to 128GB 4G LTE Yes Bonus features NFC, lockscreen quick launch apps, double-tap to wake, Call+ and Message+ apps w/ web interface. Attractive design Nice screen Great battery life Incredible value for money. Carrier exclusive Low internal storage Mediocre cameras. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Review: Last year’s Vodafone Smart Prime 6 was a corker of an affordable smartphone and our pick for best value mobile of the year. Now Vodafone has followed it up with the Smart Prime 7 , an ever cheaper £75 phone boasting HD visuals and the latest Android, but is the Prime 7 any good? Here’s our full review.. Voda’s new Smart Prime 7 adopts a more elegant and refined design than its predecessor, available in two colours at launch, Graphite Black or Boron White (aka. We reviewed the former, which adopts a lightly patterned, textured removable back under which you’ll find the phone’s microSIM and microSD slots, as well as a non-removable battery.. It’s a fairly thin device at just under 8mm, lightweight for its size at 128 grams and the body is accented with metal elements, which give the handset both a sturdier and more premium feel. The edging of the phone, camera surround, and the hardware controls are all metal, which is seldom seen on a device at this price point.. Read next: Smart Prime 7 vs LG K4 vs Moto E: Best budget phones. Another nice attention to detail is the phone’s surface glass, which curves away at the edges, offering up a nicer feel under-finger when swiping around the 5-inch 720p HD IPS display.. It’s perfectly crisp, clear and colourful for everyday use and enjoying media, even holding up in direct sunlight.. Vodafone has struck a nice balance with the user experience on offer from the Prime 7. It comes out the gate strong, already running the latest available version of Android, 6.0 Marshmallow, and for the most part, it boasts a near-stock interface.. There are handy extras like customisable lockscreen quick launch icons and a ‘clear-all’ function within the app switcher, but Vodafone has also added in (or in some cases replaced some of the default apps with) its own offerings. The Call+ and Message+ apps are the most useful inclusions, letting you manage call logs and messages from any web browser (not unlike services such as WhatsApp Web), whilst you’ll also find options to make any app accessible with a swipe right from the main home screen if you wish.. On the outside, the Prime 7 presents itself as a fast, fluid smartphone that you could easily consider a competent mid-ranger, but on paper, things appear much more sedate. The phone’s brain is a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 212, leveraging just 1GB of RAM to keep things ticking over, however in real-world use it proves itself as a snappy device, even tackling 3D games.. There are some compromises, such as a lack of 5GHz WiFi support and only 8GB of internal storage, but luckily the phone also supports microSD cards up to a whopping 128GB, something equivalent handsets in its class usually miss out on. There’s also NFC, making this one of the most affordable handsets to support Android Pay out there.. Whilst you can’t pull the 2540mAh battery out of the Prime 7, it should keep you charged up for up to two days at a time, proving itself through mixed usage on both WiFi and Vodafone’s 4G LTE network.. Mobile photographers and selfie fans with small wallets will likely appreciate the impressively large 8 and 5-megapixel rear and front cameras at the Prime 7’s disposal. You get manual control, an LED flash and 720p HD video recording, making for a rich overall camera experience.. Camera quality isn’t particularly impressive, with the exception of macro photography producing pleasing shots worthy of beefier phones. Elsewhere you’ll find noise and grain tend to creep in in conditions anything other than well lit, and its narrow dynamic range can result in blown out whites or underexposed dark areas; unless of course you resort to the heavy-handed, but effective HDR mode.. The Vodafone Smart Prime 7 isn’t a perfect device, but the list of negatives is near enough nullified when you consider what it does offer for its impressively low price tag.. Naturally it’s a carrier exclusive, but if you are interested in joining Voda, or you’re already part of the family looking for a perfect all-rounder and one of the best instances of value-for-money out there right now, the Smart Prime 7 is up for grabs on Pay As You Go for just £75.. Casio Edifice EQB-500 Review: In Depth. Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: In Depth. Sony Xperia XZ Premium Review: In Depth. Lenovo Yoga Book Review: In Depth. Vodafone Smart V8 Review: In Depth. Casio Edifice EQB-500 Review: In Depth. Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: In Depth. Sony Xperia XZ Premium Review: In Depth. Lenovo Yoga Book Review: In Depth. Vodafone Smart V8 Review: In Depth. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. Mobile Phones · Features Best budget camera phones: The greatest mobile snappers for £299 and under. Broadband & TV · Features How do I stream Sky Go to a TV, to watch Sky shows or movies on a big screen?. Mobile Phones · Features Neko Atsume rare cats guide: How to get Cream-san, Bengal Jack and more. Mobile Phones · Features What is iOS and what does iOS stand for?. Broadband & TV · Features How can I watch Amazon Prime Video on my TV?. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. 
The new Smart Prime 7 is just £75. Can Vodafone improve on what was one of the best budgets phones around with the new Smart Prime 7?. It's tough at the top, and at the bottom of the smartphone market. Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 processor (Quad-core 1.2GHz Cortex-A7). Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: Release date and price. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: Design and build. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: Hardware, specs and performance. It's been exactly a year since Vodafone launched the impressive Smart Prime 6 budget smartphone and the mobile network is back with a new model. We find out what's changed and improved in our Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review. See also: Best budget phones 2016 .. Also see: Best Black Friday Phone Deals. Motorola used to rule the best budget smartphone but recently networks including EE and Vodafone have put out some pretty impressive own-brand devices. Although the name suggests the line has been around for a while, the Smart Prime 7 is a second generation phone and we've been able to spend some time with it ahead of the launch.. There's no waiting around for the new Smart Prime 7 as the release date is today, 12 May.. Following on from last year's Prime 6, the new Smart Prime 7 is even cheaper and can be yours for a tiny price of just £75 on a pay as you go basis. Decent smartphones for under £100 are hard to come by but this could be one of them.. At this price, the Smart Prime 7's competition comes mainly in the form of the Motorola Moto E 4G , the Cubot P12 and the EE Harrier Mini .. On Vodafone's network, £16 per month will get you unlimited texts, 250 minutes and 250MB of data. Alternatively, a Red 1GB Bundle gets you unlimited texts and minutes, plus 1GB of data for £24 per month. As you'd expect, the Prime 7 is locked to Vodafone's network. See the best unlocked phones .. It's worth noting that if you're looking for something even cheaper, then Vodafone is also launching the Smart First 7. It will cost you just £25 and features a 3.5in touchscreen, 2Mp camera and Android 5.1.. If you're unsure about buying, Vodafone is offering the Smart Prime 7 under its 30 Day Network Guarantee, giving you a month to try it out before fully committing.. While the Smart Prime 7 looks very similar to its predecessor, there are a few small design tweaks to be aware of. They come mostly in the style department and the phone has lost is shiny silver border which ran around the edge of the Prime 6. Instead the edge is a stylish gun metal grey colour with a brushed look which we prefer.. The rear cover is now a darker colour and has a fine textured finish – if you look really closely, it's made up of cubes so it resembles a QBert level. It's still removable and although it's textured, it doesn't provide much extra grip – the Smart Prime 7 is a pretty slippery customer.. If you're not into the 'Graphite Black' look then the Prime 7 is also available in 'Boron White', which we haven't seen in the flesh. It's also thinner and lighter now at 8mm and 128g.. Overall, the look is stealthier with nothing flashy going on. Even the Vodafone logo on the back is small and understated. Minor changes include the headphone jack being off-centre on the top of the phone and the speaker being relocated from the back to the bottom. The power and volume buttons also have a textured finish.. We're impressed with the build quality on offer here for the budget price. The rear cover is, of course, thin and bendy when it's not clipped into place. However, the main body of the phone is strong and rigid. There are no sharp edges or similar, which is something we've found even with 2016 flagship devices.. It's a thumbs up from us for design and build with a more desirable phone in the Prime 7 compared to its predecessor.. Some of the hardware in the Smart Prime 7 is exactly the same as its predecessor. This includes the screen, rear camera, storage, RAM and more.. Let's tackle the main thing that's change first then, which is the processor. While the Prime 6 was powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 410, the new Prime 7 uses a Snapdragon 210. While the model number is lower, we'd hoped the newer chip would perhaps be level on performance.. It's still a quad-core chip and runs at 1.27GHz according to Geekbench 3 despite being listed as 1.1GHz by Qualcomm. However, it's only 32-bit and uses Cortex-A7 compared to A53 cores found in the 410. Even ARM says the 'A53 delivers significantly higher performance than the highly successful Cortex-A7'. The Snapdragon 210 also doesn't benefit from 'Big.Little' architecture, which balances the cores between power and efficiency, and has a slightly lower grade Adreno 304 GPU.. If all of that is a little bit too technical for you here it is in layman's terms: The 210 is a downgrade compared to the 410 in performance, and it shows in the benchmark results. Sometimes the numbers don't reflect the real-world experience of a phone but while the Prime 7 is smooth most of the time, you do notice and perceive the lack of raw power at times. You can run games such as 3D endless runners (like Temple Run 2) but it's not all plain sailing and tasks such as switching between apps can be jerky and slow at times.. One thing the Snapdragon 210 does have is LTE Advanced 2x10MHz carrier aggregation which may result in faster 4G download speeds. It's still a Cat 4 phone though so is limited to 150Mbps download speeds. We recorded a peak download speed of 5.73Mbps using the supplied Vodafone SIM card in our North London office which jumped to 20.27Mbps outside. The issue is that we can't tell you what performance will be like where you are or even if there's 4G coverage.. Continuing with connectivity, the Smart Prime 7 continues to offer Bluetooth but version 4.1 this time, NFC, GPS, an FM radio and 11b/g/n single-band Wi-Fi. We'd liked to have seen an upgrade to dual-band 11ac but the Prime 7 is perhaps too cheap to expect this.. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. I saw this on Tech Advisor and thought you should see it too.. The art of 'British' pulp fiction. What to expect at WWDC 2018: Dates, tickets & product announcements. TV & streaming : comment regarder le Tournoi des Six Nations 2018 ?. UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes. 
<span class="i19ndropdownplus new-window" data-url="http://www.stuffmideast.com/">Stuff Middle East</span>. <span class="i19ndropdownplus new-window" data-url="http://www.stuff.co.za">STUFF South Africa</span>. We are part of The Trust Project. Who makes the best cheap phones?. Those in the know might talk about the Moto G dynasty , but our favourite budget phone of the past 12 months was the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 , a handset that gave you a wheelbarrow’s worth of phone for just a handful of notes.. All too often a company goes and blows it with their ‘difficult second album’ phone, cashing in their cred to earn a few extra quid at our expense. But the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 is yet another cheapo smash. While it could be a lick faster, this is by a large margin the sweetest £75 phone you’ll find on the high street right now.. Last year I took a look at a couple of last-wave Vodafone cheap-a-phones, the Smart Ultra and the. Both are great, but they aren’t half bland.. A few buyers must have let Vodafone know too, because despite being cheaper than either of those, the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 looks and feels fancier this time around. The phone still uses a pull-off plastic cover, but it now has an almost carbon-fibre-like textured finish rather than an ultra-plain plastic one.. This little tweak turns this from what might be an obvious no-frills phone into one you could easily mistake for a mid-ranger from one of the big names. It’s slim, it’s light and it’s not at all bad-looking.. There’s more to the design upgrade than just the cover, though. Vodafone also wants the Prime 7 to look good on close inspection. Check out the little camera lens ring, for example: it’s real metal. Real metal! On a £75 phone! Is that a flock of pigs I spy overhead?. The extreme edge of the screen is ever-so-slightly curved too, and the screen surround does a pretty good job of convincing you that it curves around smoothly into the sides. There are seams and contours on the Prime 7, but not a single hard edge in sight.. Vodafone has new moves, and I like them.. The Smart Prime 7 also has light-up soft keys. You got these in the Prime 6, too, but they’ve been trimmed down a bit to look less like they belong on a toy for 1-3 year olds. Rarely does it seem quite as much like a phone maker has actually read all the criticisms of its phones, and then put the needed fixes in place.. There were few complaints about the last Smart Prime 6 phone screen, which got you lots of pixels for not many pennies. However, even this part has improved (in some respects) in the Prime 7.. At the basic level, this is a 5-inch, 720p phone. We’ve had quite a few of these to choose from over the last three years, and what you normally get from them is a big enough, sharp enough IPS LCD screen, with slightly undersaturated colours. The Vodafone Smart Prime 7 has the same 'that’ll do the trick' sharpness, but with great colour too. Tones pop much more than in the Prime Ultra, and putting the phone right next to the Samsung Galaxy S7 in its most ‘accurate’ Basic display mode, there’s not a huge difference in colour style.. No, I’m not saying this phone has a screen as good as the Galaxy S7’s. What kind of fool do you think I am! But what Vodafone offers here for less than £100 is remarkable. Unlike the £150 Samsung Galaxy J3, there’s an Auto brightness setting too, so you don’t have to mess about with the manual brightness slider all the time.. Exclusive: This is what the iPhone 7 Plus will look like. Making a deal with the red guy. Where’s the catch? The deal with the devil involved here is that a Prime 7 is only going to work with a Vodafone SIM, and that it comes with a bunch of signature bright red Vodafone apps installed. A few of these can be deleted, but you’re stuck with a custom Vodafone dialler, and a Message+ texting app.. You don’t have to use them, of course, and the Prime 7 otherwise looks and feels just like an Android Marshmallow Nexus phone. Indeed, one of the big draws here is the fact that Vodafone doesn’t weigh its phones down with a naff, underdeveloped custom interface. Given how much of the Google apps suite I tend to ignore 99% of the time, ignoring a couple of extra Vodafone apps isn’t too much of a hardship. Even if the punchy screen doesn’t half show off the bright red icons.. Hands on with the Lenovo Moto G 2016. There’s one other significant issue to the Vodafone Smart Prime 7: it’s not very fast. Or rather, it's actually pretty slow.. The Prime 7 has a Snapdragon 210 processor, a real runt in Qualcomm’s litter, and one that's slower than the Snapdragon 400 used in the original Moto G back in 2013. It also has a mere 1GB RAM, which I found to be the kiss of death for performance in 2015 budget phones.. The question: how bad is it? Well,. look at the Geekbench 3 score and you might be concerned: at 1066 it’s a third lower than budget phones using the Snapdragon 410.. But while it's clearly no screaming speed demon, at least the lag lands in places that aren’t head-bangingly annoying. For example, you can type away without it feeling like the Prime 7 is a geriatric stenographer who's lost their reading glasses. In a similar vein, the top layer of the interface is fairly fast too. Where Android 5.1 could feel outright slow in some 1GB RAM phones, it’s passably quick in the Prime 7, which runs Android 6.0.1 right now.. It’s mostly app load speeds that slow you down. Apps used recently will pop up quickly, but any that have been cleaned-up from the temporary memory can take a good few seconds. And, because there’s not much memory to go around, the Prime 7 seems to purge its banks pretty sharpish. There’s also some lag in more demanding games: 3D racer Asphalt 8 is playable, for instance, but the frame rate isn’t totally smooth and the game’s menus really take a while to load and refresh. Then again, let's not expect too much: it only costs £75 after all.. A further downside is that the Vodafone Prime 7 only has 8GB storage, just under 2GB of which you can actually play with.. That won’t go far if you start using the camera too, but on the plus side you can add more storage space via microSD.. Google Android N 7.0 preview: All you need to know about the new Android OS. .embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review images. The Vodafone Smart Prime 7's camera is your classic 'mixed bag'. Compare it to something like the Motorola Moto G and it’s not going to come off too well, but nor is it totally dreadful. Especially once you remember that it costs just £75. Did we mention that it costs just £75?. On the back is an 8-megapixel camera with a flash. Its colours are good for a phone this cheap, aside from occasional dodgy blues, and the Prime 7 is surprisingly adept at judging a scene. Cheap phones often smudge light sources or get the metering totally wrong as soon as they are given something a bit tough to deal with. But this phone does OK, heading to the conservative end of exposure metering so you don’t end up with skies of pure blown-out white.. The flipside to that is that shots can end up looking dull instead - its dynamic range isn’t great, predictably enough, and it doesn't have the software chops to compensate. The most competent phone cameras these days have Auto HDR modes that flick optimisation on when needed, but here the HDR mode is separate and very, very slow. Hit the shutter button and you’ll wait almost five seconds before you can snap another photo.. HDR is dead effective, though, and is what you’ll need to use on those miserable-as-Morrissey overcast days.. So, it's not without problems, but the Prime 7 has cranked out some of the best photos I’ve seen from a sub-£80 phone. Most phones this cheap have flat-out crap cameras. This one is a mite slow to focus, but can take Instagram-worthy shots.. It’s not bad at dealing with indoors lighting either, once again getting the lighting and white balance just right most of the time. At night the lack of OIS makes it easy to end up with slightly blurry shots, but a phone this cheap was never going to be any good for night shooting. Its camera app is good, though, with a simple layout very similar to the iPhone one. As is generally the case with cheap phones, the manual mode is rubbish, mind. You can’t control shutter speed or focusing, making it more trouble than it’s worth.. Still, all these problems just crumble when you look back at the price, which isn’t far off what you could spend in a London bar if you get roped into buying a few birthday drinks one evening.. The front camera is respectable, too: it has a 5-megapixel sensor, which is impressive for the price, and is a dab hand at getting skin tones looking natural even in indoors lighting. However, no matter how near or far you hold the Vodafone Smart Prime 7, shots usually look a bit soft.. So no, the Prime 7 is no Moto G, let alone a Galaxy S7. But at a price where some phones are so bad they’ll leave you missing your Nokia 3210, it does well enough.. Europe unlocked as roaming on Vodafone gets a lot simpler. One area where the Smart Prime 7 really punches above its weight is battery life - and that's going to be more important to many of the people this phone is aimed at than its speed when gaming. You get a 2540mAh battery, which is about right for a 5-inch, 720p phone, and in practice I've found I can get to bedtime with about 25-30% left. Anything that lasts through a day is going to be easy to live with, so a phone which does that with something to spare is a real winner.. Playing a 720p film on loop it’ll last 10.5 hours, which is great, outlasting the Moto G and the Oppo F1, both of which are far more expensive. No, you're never going to play a 720p film on loop for 10.5 hours, but it reinforces our feeling that stamina is not going to be a problem here. And while y ou don’t get any fancy extras such as fast-charging or a USB-C standard, no-one’s putting those in phones this cheap yet, so we won't mark it down for that.. That the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 speaker isn’t utterly terribly is another nice surprise. At max volume, phones this cheap often sound like a small rodent munching on Rice Krispies, but this one doesn’t distort. Don’t get too excited: it’s not super-loud and sounds a bit thin. But it could be much worse given the - you guessed it - bargain price of £75.. The best cheap tablets of 2016 - reviewed. The Vodafone Smart Prime 7 is a lesson in quite how cheap phones can get before they seem cobbled together out of bits found in charity shop bargain bins.. On specs alone it easily holds its own against rivals which cost twice the price. But talking the talk is no good if you can't walk the walk, and fortunately the Smart Prime 7 struts along with far greater style than it should given its price.. Alright, so it's really not that fast, but unlike other phones cursed with weedy processors, it does a good job of confining its sluggishness to relatively unimportant areas. Battery life and screen are far more critical to most people's daily lives and here the Smart Prime 7 excels, with more-than-a-day stamina and punchy colours respectively. It looks great too, and while its camera is no award-winner, it performs well enough to be usable.. So, what you have here is a phone that does the basics very well and even with some flair. Yes, the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 is a solid-gold bargain.. Buy the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 here. These are the 10 best smartphones in the world right now. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review Its speed may be more bus than bullet train, but this is the best £75 phone you’ll find on the high street. Where to buy Vodafone Smart Prime 7:. Stay on top of tech with Stuff in your inbox every week. Thank you for registering for our Newsletter. We will send you relevant emails and updates.. Where to buy Vodafone Smart Prime 7:. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 - Unboxing. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 & Smart First 7 Unboxing & Review. Vodafone Smart Prime 7: Unboxing & hands-on review. Vodafone Smart Prime 7: análisis de un Android de gama baja. Vodafone Smart prime 7 vs Vodafone Smart first 7: Power on/off test. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: A decent budget phone for £75. How To Unlock Vodafone Smart Prime 6, Prime 7, First 6, First 7, Speed 6 and Smart Grand.. Best cheap mobiles 2016: Vodafone Smart Prime 7 vs LG K4 vs Motorola Moto E. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 - Review: Your affordable daily driver?. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Hands-On Review (Greek). Vodafone Smart Prime 7 - Vale a pena?. How to take a screenshot on your phone. Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 Unboxing & Review #Vodafone. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 - Unboxing. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Back Up Every Byte On Your Device. How-To: Root VODAFONE Smart Prime 7. Ready to root your Smart Prime 7? Thanks to One Click Root, rooting has never been safer, easier, or faster. When we called our software “One Click” Root, we really meant it!.. Four Easy Steps to Root Your VODAFONE Smart Prime 7. How To Root VODAFONE Smart Prime 7 In Minutes. Download and install One Click Root. Connect your Android to your computer. Run One Click Root and let the software. One Click Root Devices VODAFONE Vodafone Smart prime 7. Potentialize Your Vodafone Smart Prime 7‘s Inner Capabilities. Years back, network-branded smartphones used to be a pretty pitiful bunch, but some companies Vodafone perhaps is slowly been putting this notion to rights. Its last year ‘s Smart Ultra 6, for instance, almost knocked the 3rd Gen Moto G off its throne with its price-defying specs, unfortunately its huge size obviously wasn ‘t an ideal fit for everyone ‘s pockets.. This year ‘s Vodafone Smart Prime 7 , could potentially be just the ticket. At just low price Vodafone ‘s PAYG (or known as steep £16-per-month on contract), the Smart Prime 7 is quite possibly one of the most elegant and gorgeously designed smartphones that gives the consumers a run for the money.. The Vodafone Smart Prime 7 comes with a. slim, 7.9mm profile and classy, carbon fibre-like rear panel, sized 5.0 inches IPS LCD multi capacitive touchscreen delivering 720 x 1280 pixels (~293 ppi pixel density) display resolution. With budget phones, the main creator of problems is the performance. To keep the price down, lower-specced processors are used and that tends to cause issues. The Vodafone Smart Prime 7 sort of falls into this pit too, but it ‘s still a perfectly usable phone. Inside you ‘ve got a low-end quad-core Snapdragon 210 CPU paired with 1GB of RAM, whih for 2016 that isn ‘t all that much. The devices such as the Moto G4 are offering 2GB of RAM, a 1080p display and a very capable Snapdragon 617 CPU. I know it costs more (£169), but it ‘s well worth the extra cash. Those low-end specs create a slow and plodding user experience. The Prime 7 runs on Android OS, v6.0.1 (Marshmallow), powered by Qualcomm MSM8909 Snapdragon 210 chipset, with Quad-core processor clocked at 1.1 GHz Cortex-A7, paired with Adreno 304 GPU.. It sports 8GBof internal storage, though it seems that only 4GB of that is actually usable, but is expandable through a microSD card of up to 256GB. It also bears 1GB of RAM which is quite a too low for today ‘s RAM trends. It also features 8GB primary camera with autofocus, LED flash, and geo-tagging, and a 5MP selfie snapper. Interestingly, it ‘s packed with WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS, NFC, Radio, and USB for connectivity, and a Li-Ion 2540 mAh battery that ‘s quite short.. The Prime 7 is perfectly acceptable for the price, but it doesn ‘t push beyond that. Besides, it ‘s predictable, it ‘s a mid-range smartphone so you can ‘t expect too much form Vodafone. What ‘s not desirable about the device is that, it ‘s locked to Vodafone. Another, it ‘s quite slow, also low memory capacity, and short battery life. However, it ‘s nothing to worry. Those are definitely minor issues that can be simply fixed and tweaked through rooting. Rooting is like jailbreaking but it ‘s for Android. It ‘s a method of unlocking the operating system, gives you access to the internal system, break restrictions, and enable customizations in almost endless possibilities and gives your device more power, improved functionality, and performance. On the other side, rooting is complicated, dangerous, and risky; it automatically voids warranty,. may brick your device, and exposes your device to harmful malware. Luckily, there ‘s One Click Root that makes a lot easier, faster, and simpler rooting method for you. It ‘s a one-step rooting solution that ‘s 100% safe and reversible, so it ‘s worriless. Root with One Click Root, potentiate your device ‘s inner capabilities, and enjoy your Android to the fullest!. 24/7 Root Support for Your Android. We Support the Following Services and more …. Instantly gain access to your Android’s root files and unlock its full potential.. Don’t like rooted Android? We can unroot your device with one click.. We can repair annoying Android problems and fix your device.. Installing ROMs can be difficult and complicated. Want the best root-only apps? We’ll install them for you.. Speed up your device and free up space by uninstalling bloatware.. We guarantee your Android device will be protected throughout the rooting process. Our certified Android technicians can safely perform a number of different maintenance services. Whether you’re rooting, unrooting, or repairing Android, we will not damage your device or your data in any way. If we cannot safely root your device, we’ll provide a full refund. I called on One Click Root after my own initial attempt for root bricked my LG G4 (H81010o). If you have a new phone running the latest and more challenging software, then I recommend this service. Technician "JJ" helped me and was a smooth and very capable professional. Rarely do I pay for tech support or make endorsements so purchase with confidence, these folks are legit!. Just had a fantastic experience during an expert session to root my phone with Virgil! Honestly, appreciate his patience, problem solving skills along with his willingness to help. Really looking forward to use this software moving on, and definitely recommending to others. I had a great experience with JJ helping me to root my phone. The Samsung Galaxy S4 is a hard phone to root and took a few attempted, but everything worked out. Just wanted to say thank you very much to JJ, he spent several hours wrestling with my tablet, was polite throughout, helpful, informative and wouldn't give up. A credit to his employers, and should be given a pat on the back, well done 🙂. JJ and everyone at this company (Sean, Camille, Michelle, Alex) are AWESOME!!!!! Thanks so much for your help!!!. Need Help? We’re always here for you. One Click Root is committed to providing superior Android maintenance services. We are always available via live chat and by phone. We love our customers and our customers love us back. In addition, our site features thousands of how-to articles and a deep knowledge base filled with information about your Android device.. Jailbreak Your iPhone / iPad: One Click Jailbreak. Root Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Root Samsung Galaxy S5 Root Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Root Samsung Galaxy S4 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 Root Samsung Galaxy S6 Root Samsung Galaxy S3 Root Kindle Fire Root ale-l21 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 PLUS. SM-J327AZ SM-J321AZ SM-J320F SM-J320M/DS SM-J320F/DS SM-J320F/DD SM-J3109 SM-J320H/DS SM-J320A SM-J320AZ. Copyright © 2018 One Click Root. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 - Camera and Software. Page 1 Vodafone Smart Prime 7. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 – Software. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 – Camera. Vodafone, you get a huge thumbs-up from me on your software approach. The Smart Prime 7 comes running the latest version of Android, Marshmallow 6.0.1, which is still a rarity for a budget phone or tablet. EE’s latest tablet, the Jay, is still stuck on Android Lollipop.. I also commend Vodafone for sticking to a fairly stock Android look. And even when it has added something extra – more shortcuts on the lockscreen, for example – it’s actually made vanilla Android better rather than worse.. Everything from the notifications to the app grid to the Settings app are all exactly the same as you’d find on a Nexus or Moto device. There are no ugly skins here, just Android as Google intended.. As this is a carrier-locked device, you’ll find a huge amount of bloatware pre-installed and don’t even think about trying to delete it. There’s a My Vodafone app for keeping an eye on your bills, which is fine, and a completely new dialler and messaging app. To be honest, these two aren’t that bad. They’re ugly, yes – all red and gaudy – but you can see all your messages online and that’s really handy.. The other apps are less useful. One lets you buy accessories (snore, but at least you can uninstall this) another gives you ridiculously boring tips and one is called Vodafone Start. I’m not even sure what that one does; it just seems to infinitely load and do nothing.. There isn’t really much to get excited about with the camera on the Vodafone Smart Prime 7, but if you’re looking to snap a picture of the kids to pop on Facebook or capture your receipts for collecting up expenses then it’ll get the job done.. Even though this was taken in bright conditions, it looks a little dark. On the back you’ve got an 8MP sensor, paired with an LED flash. I’ll have to give credit to Vodafone, or whoever built the app, because the camera app is surprisingly feature packed. There are filters to play with, a multi-exposure mode and it’ll scan QR codes. There’s even a manual mode which is actually quite feature rich. I don’t really think it helps make the pictures look any better, though.. Colours lack vibrancy and detail is missed. Colours are slightly muted and details fall fast once you try to zoom in, but it focuses quickly and doesn’t take too long to process the shot. It gets a bit slower when you turn HDR mode on, but you will get a slightly better picture.. Once the lights go down, pictures become blurry and overexposed. Things are a lot less agreeable with low-light pictures. Dusk shots lose most of the detail, and once there’s no light source the results are almost useless – grainy and dark.. And with even less light, pictures are close to unusable. Around the front there’s a 5MP sensor, which is more impressive than the rear camera. It clearly outshines its point with good skin reproduction and a wide enough lens.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Handy guides for your phone, tablet or modem. Unfortunately, the page you requested doesn't seem to exist on our site.. This may be because this page has been moved or deleted, you've clicked on a broken link, or you've accidentally mistyped the page address (URL).. Tell us what you'd like to do next and we'll send you on your way. If you have arrived on this page by clicking a broken link, we'd be grateful if you could let us know , including the page url that the broken link was on, and the broken link itself. Quick Links Sign into My Vodafone Help & Support. Send a webtext Join our community. Manage your account, view your bill, check your cherry points or just send a webtext.. Get help online with your smartphone, tablet, landline & broadband problems.. Send up to 600 free worldwide texts every month, courtesy of Vodafone. Choose your topic, talk to the Vodafone Tech Team as well as our Community Experts or simply discuss all things Vodafone. Terms & conditions © 2018 Vodafone Limited. © 2018 Vodafone Ireland Limited, Mountainview, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. By using vodafone.ie, you're consenting to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy .. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for vodafone smart prime 7. All Listings - Current page. results for vodafone smart prime 7. Save vodafone smart prime 7 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow vodafone smart prime 7 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Wallet Flip PU Leather Phone Case Cover For Vodafone Smart Prime 6/7 N8 V8 E8. For Vodafone Smart Prime 7 VDF600 Soft TPU Case Cover Butterfly Color Flowers. Soft Matte TPU Silicone Cases Cover For Vodafone Smart prime 7 VFD600 phone Case. Soft TPU Case Cover For Vodafone Smart Prime 7 VDF600 Cartoon Superman Butterfly. For Vodafone Smart E8 N8 V8 Smart 7 Phone Leather Wallet Pouch Bag Case Cover. FOR Vodafone Smart Prime 7/6 Tempered Glass 3D Premium HD Screen Protector Film. For Vodafone Smart Prime 7 VDF600 Christmas Soft TPU Case Cover Happy New Year. For Vodafone Smart Cell Phones Soft Pudding TPU Gel Silicone Back Cover Case. For Vodafone Smart Prime 7/Ultra 7/6 PU Leather Case Shockproof Flip Hard Cover. Soft Pudding TPU Gel Silicone Cover cellphone Case For Cubot / Wiko / Vodafone. Soft TPU Case Cover For Vodafone Smart Prime 7 VDF600 Cartoon Superman Windbell. Cell Phone Case For Vodafone Phones Lovely Ultra Thin Soft TPU Smart Back Cover. Genuine Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Vodafone Smart E8 V8 N8 prime 7 ZY6. For Vodafone Smart Prime 7 VDF600 Christmas Soft TPU Case Cover 2018 New Year. For Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Turbo7 New soft TPU Matte Gel skin case cover. Personalized Custom Leather Effect Case for Vodafone Smart Prime 7/Gel/TPU Cover. For Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 VDF700 Kickstand Ring Soft TPU Case Cover Cartoon. FOR Vodafone Smart Prime 7 100% GENUINE TEMPERED GLASS FILM SCREEN PROTECTOR 9H. Universal PU Leather Belt Clip Loop Holster Waist Pouch Case Cover For Vodafone. Elastic Neoprene Protective Pouch Bag Sleeve Case Cover phone case For Vodafone. Unicorn Belt Clip Holster Bag Hook Loop Pouch PU Leather Cover Case For Vodafone. For Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 VDF700 Finger Ring Kickstand Soft TPU Star Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart Mini 7/TURBO7 Tempered Glass Clear Screen Protective Film C3E. For Vodafone Smart Phones Luxury Wallet Leather Case Flip Cover + Screen Guard. Vertical Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Stand Cover Wallet For Microsoft OPPO. Real Tempered Glass Premium Screen Protector Fr Vodafone Smart latium prime 7 ZV. Case Wallet Stand Flip Cover PU Leather Case for Vodafone Cover ~9 Colors. New Quality Red Luxury Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Stand Cover Fashion Wallet. Tempered Glass Screen Protector FULL COVER For Vodafone Smart prime 6/ultra 6 XH. New Retro owl butterfly Leather slot wallet flip pouch stand case skin cover G2. For Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 VDF700 1M Micro USB Data Cable Ring Stand Case Cover. Case Wallet Stand Flip Cover PU Leather Case for Vodafone Cover ~9 Colors. Angry eyes Litchi Leather wallet flip stand pouch Cover Case For Vodafone. Wind Chimes Quicksand Flip PU Leather Wallet Stand Cover Case For Vodafone Model. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film 1PC For Vodafone Smart E8 V8 N8 prime 7 PB1. Pink Luxury Vertical Flip PU Leather Card Photo Slot Case Excellent Skin Wallet. Black Luxury Flip Cover Stand Wallet PU Leather Case For ALL Mobile Phones. Purple Luxury Vertical Flip PU Leather Card Photo Slot Case Fashion Skin Wallet. New Shockproof Wallet Flip Leather Case For Vodafone Phones. 1pcs Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector Film For Vodafone Ultra 6/7 SU1. HEAVY DUTY SHOCKPROOF WITH STAND CASE COVER FOR VARIOUS VODAFONE MOBILE PHONES. Heavy Duty Shockproof Hard Case Cover With Stand For Various Smart Mobile Phones. Unlock Code Vodafone Smart E8 V8 VFD 510 511 600 710 Prime 7 Ultra 6. New Genuine Leather slot wallet stand flip Cover Skin Case. Black Luxury Vertical Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Simple Nice Wallet Cover. New Retro owl butterfly Leather slot wallet flip pouch stand case skin cover f4. Unlock Code Vodafone Smart Prime 7 VDF 600 SRQ-VFD600 VFD 510 VFD513 VFD 523 E8. High Quality Durable S Line Wave Gel Case Skin Cover For Vodafone Phone Models. PU Leather Flip Bling Rhinestone Diamond Wallet Case Girl Cover For Moto Doogee. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Heavy Duty Tough ShockProof Hard Builder Case Cover Stand. Vodafone Smart N8 E8 V8 first 7 ultra 7 prime 7 Turbo 7. FREE Screen Protector & Stylus/FREE POSTAGE. For VODAFONE SMART PRIME 7✔1ST CLASS POST✔Good Quality. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Electronics Best Sellers Deals Phones & Accessories TVs & Home Cinema Camera & Photo Audio & HiFi Computers & Accessories Wearable Technology Accessories Car Electronics. Pay As You Go Mobile Phones & Smartphones. view or change your orders in Your Account. see our delivery rates and policies. thinking of returning an item ? (See our Returns Policy ). still have questions? Visit our Help Pages. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid UK postcode.. Please enter a valid UK postcode.. Dispatching to a British Forces Post Office? Change your region to 'UK - BFPO’ below:. Eligible for FREE UK Delivery Details. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Dispatched from and sold by gsm m .. There is a newer model of this item:. Vodafone Original Smart N8 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Graphite Grey. What you need to know – This product has an IMEI that uniquely identifies it. When we dispatch your order, we will scan the IMEI and add it to the order history. Where the item is not received, Amazon may register the IMEI with loss and theft databases to help prevent any fraudulent use or reselling of the item. This information is shared in accordance with the Amazon.co.uk Privacy Notice. There is no action required from you and the IMEI will only be used for this purpose.. These items are dispatched from and sold by different sellers. This item: Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black £74.00. Sent from and sold by gsm m.. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Screen Protector ,Vikoo Tempered Glass Screen Protector Guard for Vodafone… £5.39. Sold by VIFLYKOO and sent from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Delivery on orders over £20. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Screen Protector ,Vikoo Tempered Glass Screen Protector Guard for Vodafone Smart Prime 7 with 2.5D Round Edge 9H Hardness Crystal Clear Scratch Resist Bubble-free. HualuBro Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Cases, [Kickstand] [All Around Protection] Premium PU Leather Wallet Flip Phone Case Cover with Stand Card Holder for Vodafone Smart Prime 7 2016 Smartphone (Black). Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Cases, HualuBro [Kickstand] [All Around Protection] PU Leather Wallet Flip Phone Case Cover with Stand Card Holder for Vodafone Smart Prime 7 2016 Smartphone (Red). Ambaiyi Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Skin Film for Vodafone Smart prime 7. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Case, HualuBro [Kickstand] [All Around Protection] Genuine Leather Wallet Flip Phone Protective Case Cover with Card Slots for Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Smartphone (Black). Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Case,Mama Mouth [Stand View] Flip Premium PU Leather [Wallet Case] With Card / Cash Slots and Inner Pocket Cover For Vodafone Smart Prime 7 5 inches Smartphone,Black. Instantly receive a £10 Amazon.co.uk Gift Card if you’re approved for the Amazon Platinum Mastercard with Instant Spend. Credit offered by NewDay Ltd, over 18s only, subject to status. 7.2 x 0.8 x 14.4 cm. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; radio; wifi; GPS; flash; face_detection; internet; OLED_display; dual_core_processor; front_camera. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; radio; wifi; GPS; internet; Quad_core_processor; front_camera; flash. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; wifi; GPS; Quad_core_processor; radio; internet. GPS; camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; quad_core_processor. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; radio; wifi; GPS; internet; dual_core_processor. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. Vodafone Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini VE Pay as you go Handset - Blue. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Pay As You Go Handset Smartphone - Silver. Vodafone Nokia Lumia 635 Pay as you go Handset - Black. EE Pay As You Go EE Harrier Mini 8 GB Smartphone - Black (Includes GBP10 Pre Loaded Credit, Unlimited Texts, 150 Minutes, 500 MB Data). Vodafone Smart 4 Mini Pay as you go Handset - Black. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 0.8 x 7.2 x 14.4 cm. Batteries 1 Lithium ion batteries required. Date first available at Amazon.co.uk: 23 Jun. 11,460 in Electronics & Photo ( See Top 100 in Electronics & Photo ). Electronics & Photo > Phones > Mobile Phones & Communication > Mobile Phones & Smartphones > Pay As You Go Mobile Phones & Smartphones. Electronics & Photo > Portable Sound & Vision. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. Battery Charger USB cable Hands free headset Quick start guide SIM card. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone - Black.. 5 inch HD screen: Enjoy vibrant and vivid colours on the high-definition screen. Helpful to view your photos and ideal for gaming or watching movies and video. The in-built IPS screen technology means you can enjoy the same clarity from any angle.. Used for selfies: Ready to take a photo? Just double-press the volume key and the Smart Prime 7 switches to camera mode. Use the front-facing 5 MP camera's two-finger shutter trigger for crisp and sharp selfies or choose the 8 MP rear camera with its OmniVision sensor for a higher resolution and image quality.. The 7.9 mm Vodafone Smart Prime 7 provides a tactile, jewel-like back cover with a quality metal frame and precision-machined aluminium side keys. UK coverage for calls, texts and mobile broadband. Network built so that signals from our masts overlap each other. Meaning fewer dropped calls and better mobile broadband, making sure that you get the fastest service possible – even at the busiest times of the day.. Ideal for selfie lovers and offering great value, the Vodafone Smart prime 7 comes with the latest Android 6.0 Marshmallow and a long-lasting battery to keep you going throughout the day.. Enjoy vibrant and vivid colours on the high-definition screen. Perfect to view your photos, and ideal for gaming, or watching movies and videos, in outstanding detail. The in-built IPS screen technology means you can enjoy the same clarity from any angle. The 7.9 mm super-slim Vodafone Smart prime 7 offers a tactile, jewel-like back cover with a quality metal frame and precision-machined aluminium side keys. Enjoy more with Vodafone - Earn 10 per cent of your TopUp in Rewards points. With Vodafone Rewards on Pay as you go, you can collect 10 per cent of the value of your TopUp in Rewards points. Collect and redeem your points for a handy accessory, high street voucher or even a new phone.. What do customers buy after viewing this item?. Best Selling • Top Rated • Lowest Price. Pay As You Go Sim Card. £ 0 01 Add-on Item. 5 star 42% 4 star 18% 3 star 11% 2 star 7% 1 star 22%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars Great little smartphone. Style: First 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. Took a while to be despatched, but on arrival it's a nice little phone. My 12yo managed to lock herself out of the hand-me-down phone her dad gave her, and he's going to get her a new one for Christmas anyway, but she needed something in the meantime as she walks home from school alone and I wanted her (and me) to feel secure! This wasn't much dearer than a "non smart phone", and it comes with a £10 sim card which I don't think was mentioned, so that's a bonus. She already had a Vodafone sim card though, and thankfully everything just backed up onto this phone! Easy to set up and use. It's only 3g which is gradually getting very slow, but as a basic smartphone it does the job for a very reasonable price. Argos have it for £15, but you have to buy the £10 sim card separately, so the price is actually £25. Battery life seems short, but I don't know if she's just trying to run too many apps on it. It lasts a full day though, and for the price I wasn't expecting much.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars it did cool down though. Style: Turbo 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. Received the phone very quickly, charged it up fully and checked it powered up, did no further checks as it is a Xmas gift, I powered the phone off (not standby) and boxed it up again. Later that evening I occasionally heard a strange light thudding noise, eventually traced to the phone, on inspection the outer cardboard box was hot and the phone inside was extremely hot, I powered the phone on and it took 11 minutes to boot up saying it was optimising apps, another switch on a few minutes later and it just did not boot at all, it just kept optimising, it did cool down though. I removed the battery overnight and the following morning it again was stuck on optimising, Very dissapointed, have returned for a replacement hoping this was a one off faulty phone. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Excellent as a spare!. Style: Mini 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. Purchased as a spare, so cannot comment on day to day use such as using for phone calls etc. I thought the following information might be useful to others prior to purchase: 1) The Vodafone SIM is included in the box, so there's no need to purchase separately. 2) I had noticed another user suggesting that PAYG credit was included, however this is not the case. 3) I found this phone very easy to unlock using a cheap unlock code purchased from another site. I didn't have to wait 30 days to do this. However, it should be noted that when you change the SIM (to one belonging to another network), you also need to remove the battery briefly to "reboot" the phone so that it brings up the screen to enter your network unlock code (NUC) when you power it up with the new SIM. If you've used the phone using Vodafone PAYG for at least 30 days then you can get a network unlock code for free, via Vodafone's own website. 4) The phone also has a radio app, and you get a pair of cheap earphones included in the box. The only issue I've had with the phone so far is that I can't seem to find a setting which turns off the vibrate setting for typing. I have turned off the "vibrate on touch" setting but it still vibrates when you type using the virtual keyboard. Some people might also find the memory restrictive, although I believe it can be expanded. The phone also comes with certain pre-installed software (or bloatware) which cannot be uninstalled, such as Facebook App Manager (which I will never use, but is currently using 8.87 MB of storage). Overall, I think this phone is decent, especially considering the price. Edit: Thanks to those who have left further advice on my review. I can confirm that the keyboard vibrate setting can be turned off (for the Smart Mini 7) by selecting the following: Settings > Language & input > Android keyboard > Preferences, then choose your settings accordingly, including turning off vibrate for the virtual keyboard. In order to turn off vibrate for the other phone functions, such as the three keys at the bottom, you still need to turn this off separately by selecting: Settings > Sounds & notification > Other sounds, then turn off "vibrate on touch".. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone, fit for purpose for what I bought it for.. Style: First 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. What a great little phone, I initially had a problem as the phone would constantly flash on and off but was quickly resolved with a no questions asked replacement which arrived the next day. I bought this purely as a bluetooth music player for my Amazon Music and it works a charm. battery lasts a few days and the bluetooth connectivity is fast and stable. It isn't made of the toughest material, nor are the viewing angles much good but it is pretty speedy and responseve. I really can't say how this works as a phone (bizarrely) but for the purpose I bought it for it is highly recommended.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Pretty decent phone for the price.. Style: First 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. I bought this for £14.99 for my 11 year old daughter. I bought an SD card to increase the storage, which I would definitely recommend. It's a small phone, so ideal as a first phone for your kids. It's easy to set up and use and comes with a SIM card. It's locked to vodafone as it's their own brand phone. The camera is quite poor and you can't switch it around to take selfies. But for the small price tag, I'm not bothered by this. I would recommend a phone case to protect it from falls. All in all, a good starter phone. I would say a good phone for emergency use too. But keep in mind it is quite small, so for the elderly or those who may struggle with eyesight it would be tricky to use.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Use as a security camera. Style: First 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. Just the right phone to use as a security camera. It only costs from £15 on line and works perfectly with my security app. It doesn't overheat when constantly plugged in as long as screen is off and all unecessary wireless turned off. So for this price I can cover 4 corner views of the house at less than the cost of a single dedicated wifi camera. I can see why there are so many one star reviews as the battery life isn't great, Vodafone PAYG is 55p per minute (unlock the phone and go to 3), no proper GPS, single camera etc. But the phone is so cheap and I think you do get a £10 SIM included, although, at Vodafone rates, this won't last long. If you are using a security app then I thoroughly recommend this phone as an extra camera. Phone is now £25 from Vodafone and £20 from Argos compared to £17 and £15. Still good value but not as much as before.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Perfect little phone for my niece, her 1st mobile. Easy to use and has enough memory for her. 5.0 out of 5 stars Excellent as 1st phone. It does not Have any meaningful function. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. Easy to use smart phone, no problems setting it up.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Neat little smart phone.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Bargain buy & so easy to understand.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Bargain buy.. Handset keeps crashing and no apps work.. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. You get what you pay for, practically useless.... 1.0 out of 5 stars practically useless... Bought this as a spare phone and for my two sons to use occasionally. Neither of us are happy using it, the interface is not simple to use. 1.0 out of 5 stars Neither of us are happy using it. Great phone, but to many adverts in it, it would drive you nuts!!. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. See and discover other items: android smart phones , redmi pro , smart mobile phones , ulefone be touch , vodafone smart , xiaomi redmi 3s. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Curving into the future with impressive specs such as a HD 720p screen for ultimate social media and photo-taking experience. A very slim, vivid yet elegant device with the latest Android™ giving you access to thousands of apps through the Google Play Store.. Sharp & crisp 8 MP Camera. Capture the moment with 5 MP selfies. In a world where selfie is in the dictionary, packing a whole lot of megapixels in a stylish slim metallic build suits any fashionable expectation. Vodafone Smart prime 7 has all the fashionable features you wouldn't expect from a smartphone alongside a price you wouldn’t believe either.. IPS 5" HD 2.5D Dragontrail glass, 720 x 1280 pixels. 144 x 72.1 x 7.99 mm. 1 GB RAM / 8 GB eMMC (5 GB for user), microSD up to 128 GB. GSM / EDGE / 3G / HSPA cat 24, LTE-CAT4. Charger, USB data cable, headset, Quick Start Guide. Registered Office: Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. 
By using vodafone.com.mt, you're consenting to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.. Close My Vodafone Log In menu. 144 x 72.1 x 8 mm (5.67 x 2.84 x 0.31 in). with RED Start and RED Value. 
Vodafone - Înapoi la pagina principală. Ascunde conţinutul pentru Servicii şi tarife. Lucrăm la îmbunătăţirea serviciului de chat, pentru ca experienţa ta să fie întotdeauna cea mai bună. Între timp, ne poţi contacta prin chat din aplicaţia MyVodafone sau prin e-mail .. Culoare: Negru Alb. Acest telefon nu mai este in oferta Vodafone. Descoperă produsele similare aflate in stoc.. Ai ales să primesti informaţii când reintră în stoc produsul. Solicitarea a fost trimisă cu succes. îndată ce produsul va reintra in stoc.. Ajutor rapid pentru orice operatie online Ajutor cumparaturi online. Cum cumpar Detalii livrare Cum platesc Detalii comanda. 
The next video is starting stop. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 - Vale a pena?. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Será este Vodafone Smart Prime 7 o melhor smartphone de 110€ da atualidade? Saibam tudo neste vídeo! Vídeos úteis: Top 5 funcionalidades do Android 6 Marshmallow! https://youtu.be/jIzN_f2f4i8 Vale a pena comprar um telefone topo de gama? https://youtu.be/j186ywztdws bq Aquaris A4.5 - Análise https://youtu.be/XEXTYIX6--A Vodafone Smart Prime 6 - Análise https://youtu.be/xiuF9S1NwpI REDES SOCIAIS Facebook: http://fb.com/TiagoRamosVideos Instagram: https://instagram.com/tiagoramosvideos Spotify (meu perfil pessoal): http://bit.ly/1KfnFa2 Podem usar o código promocional "TiagoRamos" para terem um pequeno desconto em qualquer produto na Globaldata! https://globaldata.pt Ser um patrono: http://bit.ly/1HpT47L Monitor AOC Ultra HD 4K: http://bit.ly/1TYNXxt Animação inicial por Miguel Brito Cruz. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Review Vodafone Prime 7 Português / Portugal. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Review em português. Vodafone Smart prime 7 vs Vodafone Smart first 7: Power on/off test. Hard Reset Vodafone Smart Prime 6 VF 895N. Vodafone Smart Prime 7: análisis de un Android de gama baja. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 - Review: Your affordable daily driver?. Unboxing the Vodafone Smart Prime 7. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 - Unboxing. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 & Smart First 7 Unboxing & Review. Vodafone Smart N8 Unboxing & Hands-on Review. Vodafone Smart Mini 7 - Review: The Ultimate Budget Smartphone?. Vodafone Smart Prime 7: Unboxing & hands-on review. How To Unlock Vodafone Smart Prime 6, Prime 7, First 6, First 7, Speed 6 and Smart Grand.. Vodafone Platinum 7 vs Vodafone Ultra 7 Speed Test. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Hands-On Review (Greek). Vodafone Smart Prime 7 quick handson. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Sign up for our daily newsletter. This £75 smartphone might be cheap, but it’s subprime. ex VAT (Vodafone pay as you go). Cheap; High quality screen; Sturdy; Surprisingly attractive. Very sluggish; Short battery life; Miniscule 4GB of storage. It’s not a smart idea to buy this unbalanced, subprime phone. Own-brand smartphones from the major networks have been in the past, to put it politely, very mixed. Even when they’re made by major manufacturers such as HTC, TCL or Huawei, own-brand phones have tended to be slow and shoddily made with every corner cut to meet an artificially low price.. With this history in mind, we had a deep and ominous sense of foreboding when plucking the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 out of its box. This 5in Android Marshamallow phone costs just £75 inc VAT (£63 ex VAT) on pay as you go. It can also be bought with no upfront cost on a two year Vodafone contract for as little as £16 per month (although this only gets you a miniscule 250MB monthly data allowance).. Compromises have been made to keep the price so low, but they’re not necessarily the ones you’d expect.. As expected for such a cheap phone, the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 is made out of plastic. Even so, it’s a surprisingly attractive and well-made plastic phone. Despite having a removable back cover for getting to the easily replaceable battery and micro SD slot, the Prime 7 felt surprisingly rigid and robust.. The back panel has a comely dimpled honeycomb pattern, while the power and volume buttons are made out of metal and have a ridged texture that feels pleasing under the thumb. It’s also unobtrusively slender at 8mm thick.. The Prime 7 runs Android Marshmallow 6.0. Although Vodafone has included a gaggle of its own apps, you can safely ignore them if you don’t want them. Remarkably, Vodafone has resisted the urge to smear its own interface overlay on top of Android. Aside from a few minor alterations such as a battery percentage display in the status bar, it’s effectively stock Android with the Google Now page right where it should be - to the left of the first home screen.. Even more remarkable is that some of Vodafone’s apps are actually useful. Vodafone’s phone and text messaging apps let you send and receive calls and texts via a web interface on your desktop PC or laptop. This is especially useful if you’re a poor touchscreen typist.. Best of all is the screen. Measuring 5in with a 720p resolution, it’s very bright with unexpectedly good colour accuracy and contrast plus wide viewing angles too. We’re used to seeing far darker, blurrier and smaller screens in phones at this price, so having such a high quality display at such a low price is a real achievement.. Unfortunately, some things had to go to make way for that superb looking 5in screen. One of the most obvious is storage. Just 4GB of the built-in 8GB is available for use which is not nearly enough - even a handful of apps and one music album was enough to trigger low storage warnings. A micro SD card is a must-have. Due to the way Android Marshmallow treats micro SD cards though, you’ll need to make a decision.. You’ll have to designate your micro SD card as either portable or adoptable storage. If you choose the latter, then it can be used for storing apps but then you’ll effectively have to keep it inserted all the time. If you need to frequently swap large files with other people and don’t want to rely on cloud storage, then you’ll need to choose portable storage but you won’t be able to store apps on a micro SD card in this mode. Given this limitation, it’s a shame that not even a little more storage is built into the Prime 7.. The camera was also a stinker, but we weren’t expecting much at this price. The eight megapixel rear camera captured well-exposed and detailed shots outdoors in bright sunlight, but even moderately dim conditions indoors led to washed out colours and excessive noise. Aggravatingly, focussing and then actually taking photos are both incredibly slow no matter what the lighting conditions are like. You won’t want the Prime 7 as your main camera, but it’s not too bad as a fall back option as long as you have the patience of a saint.. Battery life initially appeared good, with the Prime 7 managing to last just under 13 hours when playing H.264 video on a loop. However, when used for calls, GPS, photography and web browsing in central London, while connected to Vodafone’s 4G network of course, it just scraped in a time of 25 hours which is merely okay.. The biggest flaw in the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 has to be performance and responsiveness. The quad core Qualcoom Snapdragon 210 is an elderly processor and it showed in our benchmarks. Even so, it should’ve been good enough for basic tasks except it’s hobbled by having just 1GB of RAM which made any sort of multitasking a frustratingly slow experience.. Even worse was the responsiveness of the touchscreen. The touchscreen was fist-gnawingly sluggish, with a pronounced lag between swiping the screen and having those swipes and prods recognised. It was particularly bad on even modestly complex documents and web pages. The phone even, on occasion, struggled to keep up with our typing. It’s an unwelcome throwback to the bad old days of 2010 when even the fastest Android phones couldn’t keep up with what were, on paper, less impressively specified iPhones.. Unless you’re on the tightest of budgets, we can’t recommend the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 in good conscience. It might be good enough as a fallback phone or for field workers who primarily need a smartphone for voice and text with only occasional internet and app use. Even then, the second gen Moto E, while not perfect itself, is far less frustrating to use and costs just £65 ex VAT SIM-free making it far better value.. Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies.. Cloud: The springboard to business success. Samsung Galaxy S9 hands-on: The best smartphone in the world - again. SAP HANA must navigate fears around licensing and skills. Microsoft creates a bevy of Microsoft 365 tools to help handle GDPR changes. Which is the best browser? Chrome vs Firefox vs Microsoft Edge. Samsung Max is a privacy-centric browser with data saving. Samsung Galaxy S9 hands-on: The best smartphone in the world - again. Google's Enterprise Recommended programme lists the best Android phones for business. Will Android P be called Pistachio Ice Cream?. © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. 
Sign up for our daily newsletter. Toggle menus Toggle search. Home Mobiles Tablets PCs Laptops Cameras Games Appliances TVs Wearables Printers Software Accessories Networks Storage Video Cameras. Latest deals Coffee machines Broadband PC Performance Sky Soundbox Nintendo Switch Baby products Newsletter. You are here: Home Vodafone Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: The best budget phone under £50. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: The best budget phone under £50. facebook twitter google+ email Comments. inc VAT (PAYG, as of 15th May). Page 2 of 2 Performance, Camera, Conclusion & Specifications 1. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: The best budget phone under £50 2. It's not very fast, but the Vodafone Smart Prime 7 is a beautifully designed smartphone with a gorgeous screen and great battery life. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: Performance Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: Camera Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: Verdict. Admittedly, the Smart Prime 7's quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 chip and 1GB of RAM can't quite match the same speeds of Motorola's pair of Moto phones, both of which come with a more powerful Snapdragon 410 chip. It put in pretty good innings in our benchmark tests for the money, though.. In Geekbench 3, it scored 330 in the single core test and 1,046 in the multicore test, putting it on a level playing field with the HTC Desire 530. This can make using the phone feel a little sluggish at times, but I wasn't left waiting when loading up new apps and navigating Android felt reasonably smooth and responsive. CPU-Z was reporting the clock speed at up to 1.27GHz, rather than the usual 1.1Ghz for this chipset. We can't say whether it's the version of Android used or the overclocked processor, but the Prime 7 felt quicker than the Desire 530 - which also costs more at around £120. Either way, but this still isn't a phone intended for intensive use.. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - White. Web browsing can prove taxing if you tend to visit lots of media-heavy web pages, for example. With a Peacekeeper score of just 384, trying to browse websites like The Guardian with any degree of urgency can often be quite frustrating, as even scrolling up and down the main homepage can be rather stop and start. Articles with fewer images fared better in daily use, but it still stumbled over adverts, particularly when pages were still loading.. It's gaming where you're likely to run into trouble, as it managed just 102 frames (or 1.6fps) in the offscreen Manhattan 3.0 test in GFX Bench GL. Admittedly, this isn't any worse than the 3rd Gen Moto G and 2nd Gen Moto E 's scores, but it does mean it will struggle with more demanding 3D titles. Trying to play a game of Hearthstone, for instance, was rather jittery, but simpler games like Threes! and Alphabear ran perfectly fine.. Still, this is to be expected on a cheap phone, and it's really my only main sticking point about the entire phone, as even its 8-megapixel rear camera was surprisingly decent. Pictures can be rather soft on detail, but overall our outdoor images looked fantastic. Colours were bright and clear, there was an excellent level of contrast and exposures were well judged.. ^ There's not a lot of crisp detail, but the Smart Prime 7 can still produce surprisingly good shots. The Smart Prime 7's camera coped well indoors as well. Again, images could be a tad soft here and there, with noise starting to become prevalent when I switched off our bright studio lights, but there was still plenty of highs and lows on show and colours looked rich and vibrant throughout.. ^ Indoors, there was quite a lot of noise in low light, but colours still looked rich and vibrant. However, I did tend to notice that it can be quite slow to focus at times, particularly when you tap the screen. This sometimes resulted in some rather odd photos where certain parts of the picture would be in focus, such as one half of a street lamp, but the rest of it would be all blurred and soft. HDR mode tended to make things worse, too, so just be careful the camera's finished focusing properly before you hit the shutter button. In this sense, the Moto E's camera is arguably the better choice, as despite only having a 5-megapixel sensor, you can always count on it delivering sharp-looking snaps.. ^ The Smart Prime 7 can be quite slow to focus, so pressing the shutter button before it's finished can result in some rather odd shots. The Prime 7 has a good display and with its slimline design, it goes head to head with the more expensive Motorola rival, which makes the Smart Prime 7 my choice of handset for anyone looking for an ultra-cheap smartphone. It's a significant step up over Vodafone's Smart Speed 6 , and even if it doesn't quite topple the mighty 2nd Gen Moto E overall, Vodafone's latest pre-pay handset still comes highly recommended.. Hardware Processor Quad-core 1.3GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 RAM 1GB Screen size 5in Screen resolution 1,280x720 Screen type LCD Front camera 5 megapixels Rear camera 8 megapixels Flash LED GPS Yes Compass Yes Storage (free) 8GB (3.98GB) Memory card slot (supplied) microSD Wi-Fi 802.11n Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 NFC Yes Wireless data 3G, 4G Size 144x72x7.9mm Weight 128g Features Operating system Android 6.0.1 Battery size 2,540mAh Buying information Warranty One year RTB Price on contract (inc VAT) Free on £16-per-month contract Prepay price (inc VAT) £75 Contract/prepay supplier www.vodafone.co.uk Part code VFD 600. Page 2 of 2 Performance, Camera, Conclusion & Specifications 1. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 review: The best budget phone under £50 2. Best phone battery life 2018: The BEST smartphones ranked. The best phone cameras in 2018. Need a phone upgrade? Find out the best upcoming phones. OnePlus 6 could get facial recognition. Samsung Galaxy Note 9: Launching in August?. Google Pixel 3: Release date, rumours and news. The best Android phones money can buy. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. LG G7: Is LG's next flagship really delayed?. Samsung Exynos 9810: The power behind the Samsung Galaxy S9. Find out the best budget smartphones you can buy. Huawei P Smart: An 18:9 budget phone. Lenovo P2 review: The best smartphone battery life, period. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Honor 9 Lite review: An 18:9 budget marvel. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X: The king of budget smartphones?. Samsung Galaxy A5 review: A worthy Galaxy S8 stand-in. Honor 9 review: Better than the OnePlus 5T?. Sony Xperia XZ2: Sony’s latest flagship launched at MWC. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Size doesn’t matter. Samsung Exynos 9810: The power behind the Samsung Galaxy S9. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus: A dual-camera delight. Best Wi-Fi extenders: Better coverage, faster downloads. IT Pro Alphr Know Your Mobile Channel Pro Cloud Pro. About us Company website Contact us Privacy notice Affiliate policy Manage my mags. © Dennis, a trading name of Dennis Publishing Ltd, registered in England & Wales no. Registered address: 31-32 Alfred Place, London, WC1E 7DP. Dennis is run for the benefit of the Heart of England Forest , a registered charity dedicated to planting tomorrow’s great native woodland one tree at a time.. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. Canon's AI flash moves by itself to make portraits more flattering. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. Vodafone's own-brand handsets are new, not very improved. The Smart Prime 7 and Smart First 7 are actually worse than their predecessors in some respects.. Vodafone set a new benchmark for own-brand phones with its Smart Ultra 6. The handset is actually a fiver more expensive now than when it launched almost a year ago, and yet it's still one of the best pound-for-pound devices available in the UK. The problem with setting benchmarks, though, is that you also set expectations -- expectations that the next cycle, starting with the Smart Prime 7 released today, are measured against. At £75 on pay-as-you-go, the new handset is as easy on the wallet as the Prime 6 that came before it. The problem, though, is that the Prime 7 barely counts as an upgrade.. Gallery: Vodafone Smart Prime 7 | 15 Photos. It's not that the Smart Prime 7 is a bad phone. Despite being an all-plastic affair (available in black/silver or white/gold) and quite light at 128g, it's a sturdy, well-built device. You get a 5-inch, 720p display, 1GB of RAM, 8GB of expandable storage (only 4 gigs are for you), the latest version of Android 6.0 Marshmallow, 8- and 5-megapixel cameras, 4G and NFC. The quad-core 1.3GHz Snapdragon 212 at its heart isn't the fastest processor around, but it'll handle everyday tasks with relative ease and get you through an Asphalt 8 race on low graphics settings.. For £75, that's an agreeable enough rap sheet. But compare it to the year-old Smart Prime 6, which can also be had for £75, and those numbers start to look less appealing. In fact, the Smart Prime 7 is almost identical to its predecessor, apart from its newer version of Android and a better front-facing camera. Fair enough -- not every new generation needs to blow the last out of the water -- but then why does the Smart Prime 6 actually possess the more powerful, quad-core 1.2GHz Snapdragon 410 processor?. And therein lies the problem with the Smart Prime 7: In that one respect, it's a step back. That said, it still represents pretty good value for money. Pay-as-you-go alternatives at the same price are limited, though O2 is selling the slightly better-specced Alcatel Idol 3 for a discounted price of £80 right now. The Smart Prime 7 is also available for free on contracts starting at £16 per month, but Sony's Xperia M4 Aqua, LG's G4c and Motorola's Moto G are the same price, not to mention similarly competitive phones/contracts at other providers.. The Smart Prime 7 isn't the only new own-brand handset Vodafone launched today. The 3G-only Smart First 7 has also made its debut, with specs that more or less attest to its £25 price point. We're talking a quad-core 1.3GHz processor, a 3.5-inch (480 x 320) display, 512MB of RAM, 4GB of expandable storage, a 2MP camera and Android 5.1 Lollipop.. Again, though, the older Smart First 6 (also £25) actually has a superior display on paper, even if it does lag behind in the performance department. However, you only need to look in the direction of EE's 4G-ready Rook -- which is now only £20 on pay-as-you-go -- to see where your money would be better spent.. gear , hands-on , mobile , smartfirst7 , smartphone , smartprime7 , vodafone , vodafonesmartfirst7 , vodafonesmartprime7. Part man, part caffeine, Jamie has fought his way here to the castle beyond the Goblin City to explore tech, watch Nic Cage movies and suck at video games. Canon's AI flash moves by itself to make portraits more flattering. The motorized Speedlite 470EX-AI finds the best angle to bounce light.. 'Papers, Please' official short film recreates the game's bleak tone. Arztotzka has never been so glorious.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
By using https://blog.vodafone.co.uk, you're consenting to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy .. Vodafone Social | Official Vodafone UK blog. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn. Home › Vodafone Smart prime 7. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. The Smart prime 7 is perfect for people who demand more from their mobile and want it at an affordable price. It’s a fully featured smartphone that’s more than capable of holding its own in the ring against the big names in mobile, and it’s only £75 on Vodafone Pay as you go, or available on Pay monthly with no upfront cost and £16 per month.. Where to start? The Smart prime 7 runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), which means it’s immediately got a head start on a lot of other Android handsets. That’s backed up by a powerful quad-core processor, so all in all, it’s the perfect choice for people who like to switch between loads of apps and games on the fly.. There’s a 5-inch HD display up front and a crystal clear 8-Megapixel camera round back. Selfie fan? The 5-Megapixel front-firing cam will capture you at your best.. And the best bit? Unlike some other flagship Android handsets, the Smart prime 7 has MicroSD card support, meaning you can easily add up to 200GB of extra storage. It’s the perfect phone for people already hooked on mobile. Operating system: Android 6.0 (Marshmallow). Not the right phone? How about the Smart first 7? Click here to find out everything you need to know .. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn. @hannahbakesyay Judging by the screenshot Hannah it's a YES from us! 🎉 As for the offer, if it states for existing… https://t.co/dK7vBtFYQl. @InfinitusSteve Strange we'd make this request Steve 🤔 We're happy to look into this and make things easier for the… https://t.co/XdWk8AyFHj. @kennymaclean Such a great tip Kenny 😅 Pia. @DanielKahl1 Oh dear! we're always trying to reward loyalty here at Vodafone 💪 Have you tried looking at our deals… https://t.co/31Im9vbbZn. @hannahbakesyay We're sorry we can't offer fibre at your address as of present Hannah 👎 We'd loved to have had you… https://t.co/haXBjVN9k4. @csd31989 We really don't want to see you go Chris 😭 We'd rather you be eager to stay, is there anything we can do… https://t.co/IRYaFxSewc. Registered office: Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. 
Vodafone Smart Prime 7 unboxing and hands-on review. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 unboxing: After the success of last year’s Smart Prime 6 , can Vodafone recreate the same strong value proposition with its 2016 follow-up, the Smart Prime 7? We unbox it to see how it stacks up on first impressions.. If you’ve ever come across one of Vodafone’s own-brand smartphones, you know that the company opts for a no-frills approach to its packaging, but nonetheless ensures that you’ve got everything you need to get up and running quickly.. The Smart Prime 7 comes in a simple cardboard box that’s for the most part print free, with the exception of an enlarged picture of the Prime 7 on the front, some of the phone’s key specs marked down the side and a URL linking to the phone’s product page on Vodafone’s website.. Slicing the tabs and pulling up the lid reveals the phone itself, layered with a Vodafone screen protector that again highlights key aspects of the Prime 7’s hardware as well as making mention of its 4G functionality. The phone boasts a lightly textured removable plastic back that reveals a non-removable, but capacious 2540mAh battery, as well as a SIM slot designed to accommodate a micro SIM and a microSD card slot to expand upon the phone’s conservative 8GB of internal storage.. The back is also where you’ll find the phone’s promising 8-megapixel camera, which is twinned to a single LED flash, whilst a 5-megapixel front-facing snapper resides above the phone’s 5-inch 720p HD IPS LCD. The screen pushes out decent brightness and accurate colours face on, with notable, although not terrible drop-off on both fronts should the viewing angle shift.. Despite it’s plastic back, the rest of the phone feels decidedly more premium with surface glass on the front that curves away at the edges and knurled metal hardware controls along the sides. It’s worth noting that the Prime 7 comes in black and white, with the latter featuring gold accents in place of the black version’s gunmetal grey accents.. Back to the box and the next thing you’re presented with in the phone’s warranty information and quick-start guide, banded by a card loop. Underneath the bumpff you’re left with the a standard USB power adapter, a colour-matched microUSB lead, and some cheap looking, but nonetheless useful headphones, which feature a lapel clip and in-line microphone and one-button remote for media control and answering/ending calls.. The Smart Prime 7 is available from Vodafone on Pay As You Go for just £75, making it a serious contender in the affordable smartphone space. Stay tuned for a full review soon.. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus hands-on review. OnePlus 5 hands-on review: Meet OnePlus’ new dual-lens flagship. HTC U11+ Hands-on Review: Big and Beautiful. Limited Edition OnePlus 5T Sandstone White Unboxing and Photo Gallery. Vodafone Smart V8 Review: In Depth. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus hands-on review. OnePlus 5 hands-on review: Meet OnePlus’ new dual-lens flagship. HTC U11+ Hands-on Review: Big and Beautiful. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. Mobile Phones · Features Best budget camera phones: The greatest mobile snappers for £299 and under. Broadband & TV · Features How do I stream Sky Go to a TV, to watch Sky shows or movies on a big screen?. Mobile Phones · Features Neko Atsume rare cats guide: How to get Cream-san, Bengal Jack and more. Mobile Phones · Features What is iOS and what does iOS stand for?. Broadband & TV · Features How can I watch Amazon Prime Video on my TV?. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. 
UNLOCK YOUR PHONE UNLOCK YOUR PHONE, FEEL THE FREEDOM.. How To Unlock Vodafone Smart Prime 7 (VFD 600) by Unlock Code.. UnlockLocks | May 24, 2016 | VODAFONE | No Comments. Why unlock my Vodafone Smart Prime 7?. The unlocking service we offer allows you to use any network providers SIM card in your Vodafone Smart Prime 7. this involves unlock codes which are a series of numbers which can be entered into your mobile phone via the phones keypad to remove the network restriction and allow the use of other domestic and foreign networks.. How Do I unlock my Vodafone Smart Prime 7?. Get the unique unlock code of your phone from here. Unlocking a Vodafone smart Prime 7 is a quite simple process. All carriers are supported for unlocking (Vodafone ES, Vodafone UK, Vodafone IN, Vodafone PT, Vodafone NL, Vodafone DE, Vodafone EG etc…). Unlocking is permanent, unlock code only have to be entered once. All ZTE Vodafone Smart Prime 7 (VFD 600) variants are supported for unlocking.. Congratulations, enjoy your Unlocked Vodafone Smart Prime 7 on all networks, worldwide.. How To Unlock Vodafone 353 (Fortune) By Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Vodafone SMART PRO 7 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Vodafone Smart V8 (VFD 710) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Vodafone Smart Tab mini 7 (VFD-1100) by Unlock Code.. No Comments | Apr 25, 2014. No Comments | Jul 14, 2017. No Comments | Jun 8, 2017. No Comments | Aug 6, 2016. The world's #1 phone unlocking solutions provider since 2006, with thousands of phones unlocked each day. we could tell you about our years of experience, we were the first online phone unlocking site. you may think that "first" doesn't always mean "best," but we're sure once you've unlocked your phone with us, you'll change your mind. our company is headed up by telecommunications techs from the united states. they're smart guys, but they're especially smart about unlocking mobile devices.. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J3 & J3 (2016) b.... How To Unlock MetroPCS or T-Mobile LG Aristo (LG M.... How To Unlock AT&T ZTE Maven 3 (Z835) by Unlo.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J5 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Oppo A57 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock AT&T HUAWEI Ascend XT2 (H1711) b.... How To Unlock Xfinity Mobile SAMSUNG Galaxy S8 and.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J2 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG G2 by Unlock code From UnlockLock.... How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy S3 mini I8190 by Unlo.... How To Unlock Sony Xperia Tablet Z by Unlock Code.... How To Unlock HTC One SC2, One, One Mini, One Max .... How To Unlock HTC One by Unlock Code ?. How To Unlock Sony Xperia Tablet Z by Unlock Code .... How To Unlock LG G2 by Unlock code ?. How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy Note 3 ?. How To Unlock HUAWEI GR5 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Spark Pocket (Also known as ZTE R350.... How To Unlock ZTE Blade A475 (Telstra 4GX HD) by U.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy S4 Zoom by Unlock Cod.... How To Unlock ALCATEL 3C by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock ZTE B815 (boost Luna) by Unlock Code.... How To Unlock WIKO UPulse Lite by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy M Style by Unlock Cod.... How To Unlock Essential Phone by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG K10 (2018) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG K8 (2018) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI MediaPad M5 10 (Pro) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI Enjoy 8 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI Honor 7C by Unlock Code.. Copyright © 2018 UnlockLocks.COM .. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Electronics Best Sellers Deals Phones & Accessories TVs & Home Cinema Camera & Photo Audio & HiFi Computers & Accessories Wearable Technology Accessories Car Electronics. Pay As You Go Mobile Phones & Smartphones. view or change your orders in Your Account. see our delivery rates and policies. thinking of returning an item ? (See our Returns Policy ). still have questions? Visit our Help Pages. Sold by The Vodafone Mobile Store. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid UK postcode.. Please enter a valid UK postcode.. Dispatching to a British Forces Post Office? Change your region to 'UK - BFPO’ below:. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - White. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Dispatched from and sold by The Vodafone Mobile Store .. There is a newer model of this item:. Vodafone Original Smart N8 Pay As You Go Smartphone - Gold. What you need to know – This product has an IMEI that uniquely identifies it. When we dispatch your order, we will scan the IMEI and add it to the order history. Where the item is not received, Amazon may register the IMEI with loss and theft databases to help prevent any fraudulent use or reselling of the item. This information is shared in accordance with the Amazon.co.uk Privacy Notice. There is no action required from you and the IMEI will only be used for this purpose.. These items are dispatched from and sold by different sellers. This item: Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - White £75.00. Sent from and sold by The Vodafone Mobile Store.. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Screen Protector ,Vikoo Tempered Glass Screen Protector Guard for Vodafone… £5.39. Sold by VIFLYKOO and sent from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Delivery on orders over £20. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Screen Protector ,Vikoo Tempered Glass Screen Protector Guard for Vodafone Smart Prime 7 with 2.5D Round Edge 9H Hardness Crystal Clear Scratch Resist Bubble-free. HualuBro Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Cases, [Kickstand] [All Around Protection] Premium PU Leather Wallet Flip Phone Case Cover with Stand Card Holder for Vodafone Smart Prime 7 2016 Smartphone (Black). Ambaiyi Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector Skin Film for Vodafone Smart prime 7. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Cases, HualuBro [Kickstand] [All Around Protection] PU Leather Wallet Flip Phone Case Cover with Stand Card Holder for Vodafone Smart Prime 7 2016 Smartphone (Purple). Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Cases, HualuBro [Kickstand] [All Around Protection] PU Leather Wallet Flip Phone Case Cover with Stand Card Holder for Vodafone Smart Prime 7 2016 Smartphone (Red). Vodafone Alcatel 10.54 Pay As You Go Smartphone Locked to Vodafone Network - Black. Instantly receive a £10 Amazon.co.uk Gift Card if you’re approved for the Amazon Platinum Mastercard with Instant Spend. Credit offered by NewDay Ltd, over 18s only, subject to status. 7.2 x 0.8 x 14.4 cm. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; radio; wifi; GPS; flash; face_detection; internet; OLED_display; dual_core_processor; front_camera. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; radio; wifi; GPS; internet; Quad_core_processor; front_camera; flash. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; wifi; GPS; Quad_core_processor; radio; internet. GPS; camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; quad_core_processor. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; radio; wifi; GPS; internet; face_detection; Dual_core_processor. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - White. Vodafone Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini VE Pay as you go Handset - Blue. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Pay As You Go Handset Smartphone - Silver. Vodafone Nokia Lumia 635 Pay as you go Handset - Black. EE Pay As You Go EE Harrier Mini 8 GB Smartphone - Black (Includes GBP10 Pre Loaded Credit, Unlimited Texts, 150 Minutes, 500 MB Data). Vodafone Sony Xperia E1 Pay as you go Handset - White/Black. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 0.8 x 7.2 x 14.4 cm. Batteries 1 Lithium ion batteries required. Date first available at Amazon.co.uk: 20 Jun. 3,253 in Electronics & Photo ( See Top 100 in Electronics & Photo ). Electronics & Photo > Phones > Mobile Phones & Communication > Mobile Phones & Smartphones > Pay As You Go Mobile Phones & Smartphones. Electronics & Photo > Portable Sound & Vision. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. Battery Charger USB cable Hands free headset Quick start guide SIM card. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone - White.. 5 inch HD screen: Enjoy vibrant and vivid colours on the high-definition screen. Used to view your photos and ideal for gaming or watching movies and videos. The in-built IPS screen technology means you can enjoy the same clarity from any angle.. Good for selfies: Ready to take a photo? Just double-press the volume key and the Smart Prime 7 switches to camera mode. Use the front-facing 5 MP camera's two-finger shutter trigger for crisp and sharp selfies or choose the 8 MP rear camera with its OmniVision sensor for a higher resolution and image quality.. The 7.9 mm Vodafone Smart Prime 7 provides a tactile, jewel-like back cover with a quality metal frame and precision-machined aluminium side keys. UK coverage for calls, texts and mobile broadband. Network built so that signals from our masts overlap each other. Meaning fewer dropped calls and better mobile broadband, making sure that you get the fastest service possible – even at the busiest times of the day.. Ideal for selfie lovers and offering great value, the Vodafone Smart prime 7 comes with the latest Android 6.0 Marshmallow and a long-lasting battery to keep you going throughout the day.. Enjoy vibrant and vivid colours on the high-definition screen. Perfect to view your photos, and ideal for gaming, or watching movies and videos, in outstanding detail. The in-built IPS screen technology means you can enjoy the same clarity from any angle.. Ready to take a photo? Just double-press the volume key and the Smart prime 7 switches to camera mode. Use the front-facing 5 megapixel camera's two-finger shutter trigger for crisp and sharp selfies. Or choose the 8 megapixel rear camera with its OmniVision sensor for a higher resolution and better image quality.. Enjoy more with Vodafone - Earn 10 per cent of your TopUp in Rewards points. With Vodafone Rewards on Pay as you go, you can collect 10 per cent of the value of your TopUp in Rewards points. Collect and redeem your points for a handy accessory, high street voucher or even a new phone.. What do customers buy after viewing this item?. Best Selling • Top Rated • Lowest Price. Pay As You Go Sim Card. £ 0 01 Add-on Item. 5 star 42% 4 star 18% 3 star 11% 2 star 7% 1 star 22%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars Great little smartphone. Style: First 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. Took a while to be despatched, but on arrival it's a nice little phone. My 12yo managed to lock herself out of the hand-me-down phone her dad gave her, and he's going to get her a new one for Christmas anyway, but she needed something in the meantime as she walks home from school alone and I wanted her (and me) to feel secure! This wasn't much dearer than a "non smart phone", and it comes with a £10 sim card which I don't think was mentioned, so that's a bonus. She already had a Vodafone sim card though, and thankfully everything just backed up onto this phone! Easy to set up and use. It's only 3g which is gradually getting very slow, but as a basic smartphone it does the job for a very reasonable price. Argos have it for £15, but you have to buy the £10 sim card separately, so the price is actually £25. Battery life seems short, but I don't know if she's just trying to run too many apps on it. It lasts a full day though, and for the price I wasn't expecting much.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars it did cool down though. Style: Turbo 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. Received the phone very quickly, charged it up fully and checked it powered up, did no further checks as it is a Xmas gift, I powered the phone off (not standby) and boxed it up again. Later that evening I occasionally heard a strange light thudding noise, eventually traced to the phone, on inspection the outer cardboard box was hot and the phone inside was extremely hot, I powered the phone on and it took 11 minutes to boot up saying it was optimising apps, another switch on a few minutes later and it just did not boot at all, it just kept optimising, it did cool down though. I removed the battery overnight and the following morning it again was stuck on optimising, Very dissapointed, have returned for a replacement hoping this was a one off faulty phone. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Excellent as a spare!. Style: Mini 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. Purchased as a spare, so cannot comment on day to day use such as using for phone calls etc. I thought the following information might be useful to others prior to purchase: 1) The Vodafone SIM is included in the box, so there's no need to purchase separately. 2) I had noticed another user suggesting that PAYG credit was included, however this is not the case. 3) I found this phone very easy to unlock using a cheap unlock code purchased from another site. I didn't have to wait 30 days to do this. However, it should be noted that when you change the SIM (to one belonging to another network), you also need to remove the battery briefly to "reboot" the phone so that it brings up the screen to enter your network unlock code (NUC) when you power it up with the new SIM. If you've used the phone using Vodafone PAYG for at least 30 days then you can get a network unlock code for free, via Vodafone's own website. 4) The phone also has a radio app, and you get a pair of cheap earphones included in the box. The only issue I've had with the phone so far is that I can't seem to find a setting which turns off the vibrate setting for typing. I have turned off the "vibrate on touch" setting but it still vibrates when you type using the virtual keyboard. Some people might also find the memory restrictive, although I believe it can be expanded. The phone also comes with certain pre-installed software (or bloatware) which cannot be uninstalled, such as Facebook App Manager (which I will never use, but is currently using 8.87 MB of storage). Overall, I think this phone is decent, especially considering the price. Edit: Thanks to those who have left further advice on my review. I can confirm that the keyboard vibrate setting can be turned off (for the Smart Mini 7) by selecting the following: Settings > Language & input > Android keyboard > Preferences, then choose your settings accordingly, including turning off vibrate for the virtual keyboard. In order to turn off vibrate for the other phone functions, such as the three keys at the bottom, you still need to turn this off separately by selecting: Settings > Sounds & notification > Other sounds, then turn off "vibrate on touch".. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone, fit for purpose for what I bought it for.. Style: First 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. What a great little phone, I initially had a problem as the phone would constantly flash on and off but was quickly resolved with a no questions asked replacement which arrived the next day. I bought this purely as a bluetooth music player for my Amazon Music and it works a charm. battery lasts a few days and the bluetooth connectivity is fast and stable. It isn't made of the toughest material, nor are the viewing angles much good but it is pretty speedy and responseve. I really can't say how this works as a phone (bizarrely) but for the purpose I bought it for it is highly recommended.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Pretty decent phone for the price.. Style: First 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. I bought this for £14.99 for my 11 year old daughter. I bought an SD card to increase the storage, which I would definitely recommend. It's a small phone, so ideal as a first phone for your kids. It's easy to set up and use and comes with a SIM card. It's locked to vodafone as it's their own brand phone. The camera is quite poor and you can't switch it around to take selfies. But for the small price tag, I'm not bothered by this. I would recommend a phone case to protect it from falls. All in all, a good starter phone. I would say a good phone for emergency use too. But keep in mind it is quite small, so for the elderly or those who may struggle with eyesight it would be tricky to use.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Use as a security camera. Style: First 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. Just the right phone to use as a security camera. It only costs from £15 on line and works perfectly with my security app. It doesn't overheat when constantly plugged in as long as screen is off and all unecessary wireless turned off. So for this price I can cover 4 corner views of the house at less than the cost of a single dedicated wifi camera. I can see why there are so many one star reviews as the battery life isn't great, Vodafone PAYG is 55p per minute (unlock the phone and go to 3), no proper GPS, single camera etc. But the phone is so cheap and I think you do get a £10 SIM included, although, at Vodafone rates, this won't last long. If you are using a security app then I thoroughly recommend this phone as an extra camera. Phone is now £25 from Vodafone and £20 from Argos compared to £17 and £15. Still good value but not as much as before.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Perfect little phone for my niece, her 1st mobile. Easy to use and has enough memory for her. 5.0 out of 5 stars Excellent as 1st phone. It does not Have any meaningful function. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. Easy to use smart phone, no problems setting it up.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Neat little smart phone.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Bargain buy & so easy to understand.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Bargain buy.. Handset keeps crashing and no apps work.. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. You get what you pay for, practically useless.... 1.0 out of 5 stars practically useless... Bought this as a spare phone and for my two sons to use occasionally. Neither of us are happy using it, the interface is not simple to use. 1.0 out of 5 stars Neither of us are happy using it. Great phone, but to many adverts in it, it would drive you nuts!!. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. See and discover other items: pay as you go sim , pay as you go sim card , pay as you go phones , vodafone smart ultra , vodafone smart ultra 7 , vodafone smart. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
