Your are currently using Vodafone.com without Javascript. Without javascript enabled we cannot guarantee your current experience but would you like to visit our mobile version for a better experance?. Choose your country for customer service, offers and more. We have a significant presence in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific through our subsidiary undertakings, joint ventures, associated undertakings and investments. Visit our 'Where we are' map to see the countries where we have coverage.. Meet your sophisticated partner in work and play. Enjoy an intelligent Android™ experience on a slim, metal framed smartphone, with battery power, that supports an all-day multimedia, work and connected experience.. MSM8976 (Snapdragon 652) Octacore (4x1.8Ghz + 4x1.2GHz). 3GB RAM 32GB microSD up to 128GB supported. Wifi a/b/g/n/ac 2.4 and 5GHz, BT4.2LE, NFC, GPS with aGPS, Fingerprint. Travel charger, Wired stereo headset, USB data cable, QSG. WQHD AMOLED screen, front facing stereo speakers, slim and premium design, all-day-battery battery, zero-shooting lag camera, HDR, 4K recording. We use cookies to improve your experience, show you content you may like. Continue if you're ok with this, or read our privacy policy .. We use cookies to improve your experience on this site. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 154 x 75.7 x 7 mm (6.06 x 2.98 x 0.28 in). 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~71.5% screen-to-body ratio). 1440 x 2560 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~534 ppi density). Octa-core (4x1.8 GHz Cortex-A72 & 4x1.2 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 256 GB (dedicated slot). 16 MP (f/2.0, 1/2.6", 1.12 µm), phase detection autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - Fast battery charging: 50% in 30 min (Quick Charge 3.0). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 - user opinions and reviews. I have to say this is the worst phone i have ever had, I really regret getting it. Unfortunately I'm stuck in a 2 year contract with it. Its already been into the repair shop because I couldn't make calls, the photos were terrible quality, I couldn't.... This is probably vodafones best phone....but theres no updates whatsoever. Yes the update button is there, but its function has the same use as north korea to the rest of the world. Can it be...theres a 73.4mb update...bug fixes...nougat?. The back camera lens glass cracked in the first week. And this voided my Vodafone Ireland warranty when the main circuit board failed after 6 months. And Vodafone Ireland and their repair contractors won't confirm the rea.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Vodafone Smart V8 alcatel Idol 4s Samsung Galaxy S7 Huawei P10 Lite Huawei P smart Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017). Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Page 1 Vodafone Smart Platinum 7. OnePlus 3 has better camera and CPU. 16MP rear and 8MP front camera setup. What is the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7?. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 – Design. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 – Display. Carrier-specific smartphones don’t usually make significant waves in the world of mobiles. They’re normally pretty dull-looking phones with low-end components that aim to entice buyers with low upfront costs and monthly contracts.. The Smart Platinum 7 from Vodafone aims to change this. The Smart Platinum 7 is a £300 smartphone designed to offer a premium user experience, taking on big-name players such as the recently released OnePlus 3 .. In general it achieves this goal and matches, if not beats, competing phones at this price and is a great choice for any buyer. A few very minor niggles with its performance and design keep it from achieving true handset greatness, however. Video: Best Smartphone 2016: What’s the no.1 phone right now?. The Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 doesn’t look like a £300 smartphone. 2.5D Gorilla Glass front, metal sides and sleek chamfered edges make the phone feel like a £500 flagship.. The handset is equally impressive on the inside since Vodafone has loaded the Smart Platinum with all the technical features you’d expect of a premium handset.. You’ll find a circular fingerprint scanner on its rear, just below the camera lens, a dual microSD and a nano-SIM tray on its right. The scanner’s placement mirrors the arrangement seen on handsets such as the Huawei P9 , which is no bad thing.. I’ve never been a fan of front-facing fingerprint scanners, such as those on the HTC 10 and Galaxy S7 , since they require you to awkwardly adjust the way you naturally hold a phone to use them. The scanner here isn’t the fastest I’ve tested, but it easily matches the speeds of its arch rival, the OnePlus 3. Also, I’m yet to suffer repeated false positives, or have it fail to recognise a registered digit. The microSD also makes it easy to add a further 256GB of storage to the phone’s built-in 32GB of space, which should be plenty for most people.. In the hand, my impressions of the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 are a little mixed. The phone is comfortable to hold most of the time, but in even moderately wet conditions the glass back becomes slippery. Caught in an accidental downpour walking home, the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 turned into a bar of soap and had a harrowing near-miss encounter with London’s streets.. The glass rear is also a magnet for fingerprints and is easily scratched. The combined issues left me concerned that the Smart Platinum 7’s premium finish won’t last for long if you don’t handle it with care and regularly polish it.. I’m also disappointed by the inclusion of a micro-USB, rather than the newer USB Type-C. The older charging port makes the phone feel a little dated, but is understandable given how many devices still use the standard. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. The Vodafone Smart Platinum 7’s 5.5-inch, QHD AMOLED screen is on paper one of its biggest selling points.. The QHD resolution easily blows away the OnePlus 3 – which has a 5.5-inch, FHD, Super AMOLED display – when it comes to sharpness. Icons and text are uniformly legible, even when viewing sites in their desktop mode, and you’ll struggle to notice individual pixels. The use of AMOLED tech ensures blacks are suitably inky, and the phone’s max brightness results in a screen that is readable in everything but direct, bright sunlight.. Minor quibbles are that colours are a little overcooked and whites aren’t totally clean. Reds, in particular, look oversaturated and colour distortion was evident when viewing the screen from an angle. Whites also push into the blue end of the colour spectrum when you view the screen at an angle.. However, considering the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7’s price, these are very minor issues and the colour calibration is nowhere near as poor as the OnePlus 3’s – which is one of the most overcooked displays I’ve seen in years.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Vodafone has delivered on its promise of a premium smartphone experience for a less-than-premium price. It might not be up there with the top ranks in any one area, but it's far closer than the mid-range also-rans where it really matters.. The Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 is quite the smartphone pioneer, in its own understated way. It's the first own-branded phone from a UK mobile network that truly merits the term 'premium'.. Despite this, the Smart Platinum 7 can be picked up for just £300 on pay as you go, or from £28 per month on contract. This combination of low price and premium design pitches the phone against the likes of the OnePlus 3 and the Oppo F1 Plus – two strong flagship-killers from China – as well as the Nexus 5X , which actually looks a little pricey by comparison.. Vodafone's new hero handset certainly seems well equipped for the fight, with a metal and glass design, a 5.5-inch QHD display, a capable octa-core CPU and a well-appointed 16-megapixel camera, not to mention a near-stock version of Android 6.0 Marshmallow.. The Smart Platinum 7 also tempts with little flourishes such as a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor and a dedicated camera button. Has Vodafone struck gold with its first high-end effort?. This is Vodafone's first luxury phone, and its marketing department is clearly having a ball with the attendant shift in vocabulary.. The press blurb for the Smart Platinum 7 throws around flowery expressions like "aircraft grade aluminium body" and "diamond cut detailing", along with my particular favourite: "sensually curved 2.5D gorilla glass".. We didn't get any of that with the Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 , that's for sure.. The Smart Platinum 7, though, is largely deserving of such gushing introductions, with a few notable missteps. Its aluminium frame is well crafted, with matte-finish sides sandwiched between shiny chamfered corners.. The power, volume, and dedicated camera keys, meanwhile, have a heavily ridged texture and angled design that makes locating and pressing them very easy – although they're not what you'd call subtle or attractive to look at.. The rear of the device, meanwhile, is covered by flat glass. Combined with a protruding, centrally placed camera unit, there's a slight hint of the Samsung Galaxy S6 in here. However, in place of the latter's attractive underlying sheen, the Platinum 7 has a slightly tacky lattice pattern that's most evident when held at an angle. It's not exactly ugly, but it doesn't quite feel up to Vodafone's premium aspirations.. The front of the phone is more functional than sleek, with the aforementioned 2.5D glass stopping short of the top and bottom edges to reveal dual stereo speakers, which offer clear, loud, well-separated if excessively trebly sound.. This isn't quite the cohesive design we see from the more established flagship manufacturers like HTC and Samsung – there's a slight mishmash of influences and approaches on display here – but it's still easily the best-looking phone Vodafone has ever made.. It's very nice to hold, too. Thanks to those subtly rounded metallic edges, the cool glass back, a 6.9mm-thin body and a just-right 155g weight, the phone sits pleasantly in the hand. You might need to carry a cloth around with you to take care of fingerprint marks, though – the phone is a bit of a grease magnet.. As we've discussed, the defining feature of the Smart Platinum 7 is that it's Vodafone's first 'premium-design' smartphone. And another, related element of this design is the phone's display.. This is Vodafone's first ever 2K or QHD screen, and it's a beauty – it's sharp, bright, and well balanced.. That latter point is important to emphasise, because Vodafone has also bucked its usual trend by going with AMOLED display technology. This can be a slightly precarious path to take if you're a manufacturer that's trying to work to a budget – or if your name isn't Samsung, for that matter.. Use an older, inferior AMOLED panel, or neglect the calibration process, and your colour-rich display can end up being an awful, garish, hyper-real mess. The Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 screen is nothing of the sort.. Don't get me wrong: it's no Samsung Galaxy S7 rival, and it's got that familiar AMOLED weakness of being a bit rubbish in bright sunlight. But it's a lovely, crisp, colourful screen in the main.. As someone coming directly from using an iPhone 6S , the IPS LCD screen on which is often described as being cooler and bluer than your average AMOLED, I didn't find the Smart Platinum 7's screen to be overly warm – and that's a major compliment coming from a fussy blighter who couldn't live with the second-generation Moto X for that very reason.. Another ostensibly premium feature of the Smart Platinum 7 is its fingerprint sensor. This is a rear-mounted example, in keeping with the Nexus 5X school of thinking rather than the front-mounted approach of the Samsung Galaxy S7 and the iPhone 6S.. I had a mixed experience with this phone's biometric sensor – which, for a component that's judged on its consistency as much as on its speed, isn't ideal.. I found that its subtle ridge and rear location combined to make it a little too tricky to find quickly – it required a fair amount of fumbling. When I did locate it, and positioned my finger correctly, it was generally fairly reliable, but I had enough failures to make it a bit of a chore to use.. Still, being able to jump straight into the home screen by touching and holding the sensor for half a second or so made me persist with it – if only because powering the screen on, then swiping to bring up the pattern unlock screen, then inputting the pattern feels like a laborious process after the fiftieth time.. One time-saving feature I have far fewer qualms with is the Smart Platinum 7's dedicated camera button. Yes, you can use it as a physical shutter control, but that proves a little awkward given its location immediately above the camera lens. I found it much more useful for its quick-launch function, which is achieved through a double tap.. You might wonder why a classic press-and-hold wasn't employed, but Vodafone's approach resulted in far fewer pocket activations during my time with the phone – none, actually. And the speed of that camera app start-up is exemplary – you can have your phone out and snapping within a second or two.. I should mention here that Vodafone is supplying a Smart VR headset for free with early units of the Smart Platinum 7, which is presumably where that sharp display will really pay off. However, this wasn't supplied with my test unit, so I can't comment on the quality of Vodafone's VR vision.. Next Page Performance and battery life. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of over 4,000 results for "vodafone smart platinum 7". Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Case,Weave Pattern Magnetic Closure PU Leather Wallet Flip Folio Protective Case Cover For Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 (5.5 Inch) ( Color : Gray ). Custom designed for Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 (5.5 inch),this case .... 003794 - Constellation Planets Moon Stars Sun Galaxy Map Design Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 (5.5") Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. C01536 - Earth From Space Illustration Design Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 (5.5") Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. C01489 - Big Ben London Illustration Design Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 (5.5") Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Case,Weave Pattern Magnetic Closure PU Leather Wallet Flip Folio Protective Case Cover For Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 (5.5 Inch) ( Color : Pink ). Zhusha cellphone case, Weave Pattern Magnetic Closure PU Leather Wallet Flip Folio Case With Stand/Card Slot Protective Case Cover For Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 ( Color : Black ). Becool - Cover Gel Flexible Vodafone Smart Platinum 7, Case made out of the best Silicone, protects and adapts flawlessly to your Smartphone, with our exclusive designs. 003064 - Basketball loop Ball shot Sport Design Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 (5.5") Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. Becool - Cover Gel Flexible Vodafone Smart Platinum 7, Case made out of the best Silicone, protects and adapts flawlessly to your Smartphone, together with our exclusive designs. Vodafone smart platinum 7 Case–Manyip PU Leather Stand Wallet Flip Case Cover for Vodafone smart platinum 7,Business Style Phone protection shell,The case with[Cash and Card Slots]. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Case,Weave Pattern Magnetic Closure PU Leather Wallet Flip Folio Protective Case Cover For Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 (5.5 Inch) ( Color : Black ). Becool - Cover Gel Flexible Vodafone Smart Platinum 7, Case made out of the best Silicone, protects and adapts flawlessly to your Smartphone, together with our exclusive designs. Becool - Cover Gel Flexible Vodafone Smart Platinum 7, Case made out of the best Silicone, protects and adapts flawlessly to your Smartphone, together with our exclusive designs. Becool - Cover Gel Flexible Vodafone Smart Platinum 7, Case made out of the best Silicone, protects and adapts flawlessly to your Smartphone, with our exclusive designs. Becool - Cover Gel Flexible Vodafone Smart Platinum 7, Case made out of the best Silicone, protects and adapts flawlessly to your Smartphone, together with our exclusive designs. Becool - Cover Gel Flexible Vodafone Smart Platinum 7, TPU Case made out of the best Silicone, protects and adapts flawlessly to your Smartphone, together with our exclusive designs. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. While the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 is touted as a premium phone, it doesn't run on a cutting-edge processor. Current Android flagships tend to be powered by the Snapdragon 820 CPU, but Vodafone's latest runs on the lesser Snapdragon 652.. This is the same upper-mid-range chip that powers the likes of the Samsung Galaxy A9, the Asus ZenFone 3 and the Oppo R9 Plus – hardly world beaters any of them.. So, is this the first sign of a major weakness in the Smart Platinum 7? Not really.. The Snapdragon 652 certainly isn't the fastest chip on the market; however, recent advances in smartphone processor speeds seem to be outstripping advances in OS and app complexity.. In plain English, this means that a decent modern mid-range processor – which the 652 is – can do everything pretty much without compromise – particularly, as in the case of the Smart Platinum 7, when it's backed up by a healthy 3GB of RAM.. Sure enough, I couldn't fault the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7's practical performance one bit. Apps opened quickly, flicking between home screens was fluid, and, as I've mentioned, the camera app consistently booted up in a snap.. Even 3D gaming performance was solid. Traditional showcases like Asphalt 8 and Dead Trigger 2 ran well on the highest graphical settings, with only the occasional stutter, and the epic MOBA game Vainglory ran flawlessly.. Sure enough, the Geekbench 3 benchmarking tests I ran on the Smart Platinum 7 showed a very accomplished performer. An average multi-core score of 5,129 places it well above even a late 2015 flagship phone like the Nexus 6P (which scored 4,073).. Perhaps more surprisingly, it's not that far behind the OnePlus 3 (on 5,425), which has the benefits of a superior Snapdragon 820 CPU, double the RAM, and a lower-resolution display.. Besides its strong performance, the Smart Platinum 7 is a pleasure to use thanks to its near-stock Android 6.0 OS. Once again, and to its credit, Vodafone hasn't tinkered with Google's sharp operating system in the way more established manufacturers like Samsung and HTC do.. We could do without the extra Vodafone apps though. Some of these are optional installs at the outset, but you have no choice over the initial availability of the network's own Call+ and Message+ apps. Of course, in the case of the latter you can nominate Hangouts as your default messaging app from the off, or download another.. Swiping right from the main home screen, meanwhile, brings up Vodafone's tip screen, which will only be of use for the first day or two of ownership, if that, and will just annoy with its patronising presence thereafter.. You also get an ugly Start widget from the off, which pushes those extra apps as well as Vodafone promotions, but this is easily removed. All in all we've seen far worse levels of bloatware from network operators.. Vodafone claims the Smart Platinum 7's 3000mAh battery will last a full two days on a single charge. With heavy usage I doubt you'll find that to be the case, but it's certainly up to lasting through a full day with plenty of change to spare, like any respectable modern flagship.. And if you're a lighter user then you're in for a pleasant surprise – I managed to make it through a good three days of minimal usage before needing to recharge.. Some of this is doubtless down to the phone's power-sipping Snapdragon 652 CPU, but a large shout-out has to go to Android 6.0's Doze feature, which intelligently cranks the power usage right back when you're not actively using the phone.. Putting the phone through the usual TechRadar battery test, which involves playing a 90-minute video with the screen brightness at maximum and accounts syncing over Wi-Fi in the background, it used up only 15% on average. Compared to similarly priced rivals like the Nexus 5X and the OnePlus 3, both of which ate up 23% in the same test, that's a strong result.. Another premium feature you get with the Smart Platinum 7 is Quick Charge 3.0, which will restore half the phone's charge in just 30 minutes.. Prev Page Introduction and features. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 ». I have to say this is the worst phone i have ever had, I really regret getting it. Unfortunately I'm stuck in a 2 year contract with it. Its already been into the repair shop because I couldn't make calls, the photos were terrible quality, I couldn't get on the internet. It would dial other people while I was in the middle of a phone call. All of this by the time it was 6 months old, I was given a new sim card as they couldn't tell me what was actually wrong with it. Now I can be seconds into a phone call and it will just cut me off. This is probably vodafones best phone....but theres no updates whatsoever. Yes the update button is there, but its function has the same use as north korea to the rest of the world. Can it be...theres a 73.4mb update...bug fixes...nougat?. The back camera lens glass cracked in the first week. And this voided my Vodafone Ireland warranty when the main circuit board failed after 6 months. And Vodafone Ireland and their repair contractors won't confirm the reason for the main board failure so I can't claim on my insurance as they need a reason for the cause of loss. For me its an hidden gem. Front facing stereo speakers, QuadHD OLED display, ARM A-72 cores for fast single-thread performance, fingerprint sensor, 32GB ROM and 3GB RAM. One cannot find many devices with these caracteristics. (doubt me? go on phone finder and activate "OLED display, stereo speakers and fingerprint sensor". The build quality is good, feels like a premium device when holding and using. The OS is clean, almost vannila android. The downsides: not so premium cameras and OS doesn't upgrade. For the price this device is unmatched. BlackBerry DTEK60 is a good alternative, packing the same features but for an higher price. PS: I might be lucky since im not experiencing any battery problems that other people complain.. Worst phone I've ever had, camera is poor quality, has to be turned on and off to change over from WiFi to mobile data, slightest knock and it cracks. Got this phone based on reviews from tech geek sites on contract 12 months ago and it fell off the sofa onto wooden floor and smashed into a million pieces, so had to go back to old phone. Trust me this phone is nothing like the branded phones.. Will be updated to Android 7.0?. A budget phone that looks and feels, and for me,performs like a flagship model. I've read somewhere that it isn't fast enough for intense graphics gaming. I don't play those sort of games, so can't comment. The most graphically intense thing I do on it is watch Netflix and stuff in the BBC iPlayer. It's well up to that task. The sound quality without any external speaker or headset is the best I've heard. Handles online banking, spreadsheets, docs, pics, movies very smoothly. The camera is fine for me, but it might bother some that there is no auto focus. Leahlou, 25 Sep 2017 Smashed the screen and no where can seem to supply screens to fix it... more For screen try the alcatel idol 4/4s android and wondows model screen, both the vodafone and alcatel is TLC Brands!. Leahlou, 25 Sep 2017 Smashed the screen and no where can seem to supply screens to fix it... more Try alcatel idol 4/4s android and windows model screen. There is a seller on ebay!. Smashed the screen and no where can seem to supply screens to fix it... I own it outright so back to my Vodafone smart ultra 6. If anyone knows where I can get an LCD for the vfd900 please let me know!. DjAlmeida, 31 Aug 2017 The same happened with me, today i took it to a Vodafone store to replace the battery. Hope it works Great phone, just the problem with the battery. Had the same problem, constant bootloop unless plugged in. Bought a new one from China and it works now.. The same happened with me, today i took it to a Vodafone store to replace the battery. more Had the same issues (random shutdowns and reboot loops). Everything was solved with a battery replacement under Warranty.. Keith, 16 Jul 2017 For no apparent reason my voda smart platinum 7 mobile is resetting when it deems to. I was reading about VF phones for the first time & have decided I'd try with one. So I got to VF Smart Platinum 7 and it reminded me of my Note Edge. It was about the time when the warranty was due to expire. There is one crucial difference, though. The Smart Platinum appears to have a non-removable battery. I have never had such a phone, so this is only a wild guess. See if someone can open it and replace the original battery with a non-VF battery. I have a feeling manufacturers put such commands in batteries to make you purchase a new one. For no apparent reason my voda smart platinum 7 mobile is resetting when it deems to. I did soft and hard reset but occasionally it still restarts on its own. I have loads of free space and currently using d latest software. The only apps I use are whatapp, chrome and one drive apart from the preinstalled apps. Anonymous, 21 Jun 2017 After this update my phone is getting hot while just browsing or texting on whatsapp or using ... more Ok, there was another update 28 MB a few days ago that fixed the heating and battery drain issue. Anonymous, 03 May 2017 There's an update available in the UK. 653.7 MB although it's still android 6.0.1. more After this update my phone is getting hot while just browsing or texting on whatsapp or using satnav. Bad update, I don't recommend it.. I got this phone earlier this year 2016 working fine and all ...very slippery though. but few days back it just kept restarting after a long call. I've tried factory resetting and even hard reset but it still keeps restarting. i figured i need to completely flash the phone but i can't find the firmware anywhere online for download could you please upload and and email me the link ... i really don't want to loose my money like this. t8769, 16 May 2017 Love this phone but find the design for making calls very confusing. Its a Vodofone phone, so ... more Just install any dialer app you want and disable the Vodafone one. I've done it this way and now I use Google dialer.. Anonymous, 12 May 2017 "Regulatory & Safety" it was before this update too, but I noticed a very important batter... more My batterylife greatly improved too great phone i used to own s7 edge but this vodafone can compete. Pages: 1 2 3 4 5 6 ». Total of 118 user reviews and opinions for Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Vodafone Smart V8 alcatel Idol 4s Samsung Galaxy S7 Huawei P10 Lite Huawei P smart Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017). Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 - Software and performance. Page 1 Vodafone Smart Platinum 7. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 – Software. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 – Performance. Vodafone has loaded the Smart Platinum with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, which is to be applauded. Too often phones in the £250-£350 price bracket, such as Samsung’s Galaxy A5 , run older versions of Android because the company behind them can’t be bothered to upgrade their custom skins.. Android Marshmallow is an incremental update to Android that adds plenty of useful new features. Highlights include a new user-friendly Material Design look, enhanced privacy controls and Now on Tap – which lets you ask Google Now questions within applications.. The OS’s overall appeal is slightly hampered by Vodafone’s changes. The company has tweaked the Smart Platinum 7’s UI to push its own services.. Generally, the changes are minor and unintrusive, limited to switching Android’s native Call and Messaging services for Vodafone’s own, for example – which actually adds useful features such as the ability take and make calls and messages from a web browser using the company’s Web Access service. Others are detrimental to Smart Platinum 7 user experience. After Initially powering up, the software begins to push “tip alerts”, informing you how to use the phone. Vodafone has also replaced the left-hand Google Now menu screen with a tips hub, which lets you search for specific “how to” guides.. This sounds great, but in my experience the tips are more of an annoyance than an aid. The information on offer feels oversimplified. Luckily, it’s easy to turn off the tip alerts. As a result, their inclusion isn’t a total deal-breaker and the changes are negligible compared to most Android skins – such as OnePlus’ Oxygen, which completely reworks pretty much every part of Android’s UI. Related: Best Android smartphones 2016. Vodafone has loaded the Smart Platinum 7 with a octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 and 3GB of RAM. The specs aren’t anything to write home about in the top-end of the smartphone market, but are pretty decent for a £300 phone.. The Snapdragon 652 is the updated, repackaged version of the company’s 2015 620, making it a mid-range chip; it’s nowhere near as powerful as the 820 in the OnePlus 3. But in real-world use, I didn’t have any serious issues with the Smart Platinum 7’s performance. Navigating the phone’s menus is a slick, chug-free experience, with applications open within milliseconds. Web browsing on 4G and Wi-Fi is a judder-free experience, so long as the network has decent signal. The phone ran intensive games, such as Banner Saga and Riptide GP2 lag-free, although loading times were occasionally longer than I expected.. I noticed a drop in performance only during my synthetic benchmark tests. In the generalist AnTuTu benchmark, the Smart Platinum 7 scored 82,660. This is great for a mid-range handset, but well below most Snapdragon 820 phones, which generally break the 90,000 milestone.. In Geekbench, the Smart Platinum performed slightly better and ran in with 1,533 single-core and 5,297 multi-core scores. The OnePlus 3 scored an equivalent 5,393 during Geekbench’s multi-core tests.. The phone performed well during the gaming focused 3DMark: Ice Storm Unlimited test, where it scored 17,811. This score puts the Smart Platinum 7 on a par with phones up to £100 more expensive. The Huawei P9 scored 18,434, by comparison.. Making calls on London’s busy streets I was constantly able to hear the person on the other end and the internal mic was more than powerful enough to detect and transmit my voice.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. The single front-facing speaker isn’t the worst I’ve seen on a smartphone, but I still wouldn’t recommend using them for anything other than voice calls. Music universally comes out tinny and has a nasally quality that will annoy, not entertain the people around you.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. This is my Video Review of the new Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Smartphone, released in 2016: http://goo.gl/uQMBJK Join The Mrwhosetheboss Squad: https://goo.gl/pLg6fE CONNECT WITH ME HERE! Facebook: https://goo.gl/Aluzl1 Instagram: https://goo.gl/OUqBBa Twitter: https://goo.gl/EFhwqL Google+: https://goo.gl/DHEXfn Snapchat: mrwhosetheboss The Best Budget Earphones EVER: https://goo.gl/vhVQv4 Make your Very Own Hologram: https://goo.gl/GWcWCo Insanely Awesome Smartphone: https://goo.gl/Ada2zV Intro Made by Sxxov: https://www.youtube.com/user/SxxovMC Music Credits to Thastor and NCS: https://www.youtube.com/user/Thastorc... My Filming Gear: Camera: Panasonic Lumix GH4 Lens: Stock 14-140mm Tripod: Velbon DV-7000 Mic: Rode NTG3 Welcome to Mrwhosetheboss - If you like cool Tech, you're in the right place. I scour the internet for the coolest stuff available today, and you can find it all here! I would really appreciate it if you took a look at some of my stuff! :). When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Vodafone Platinum 7 vs iPhone 6s Plus. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 and Ultra 7 unboxing. DON'T Buy a Screen Protector until you see this!. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Top 5 best New Chinese smartphones buy in 2018. 10 MOST UNUSUAL AND COOLEST SMARTPHONES. Top 10 Best Tablets You Can Buy in 2018. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Review: Voda's OnePlus 3 killer. Top 8 Best BUDGET Phones 2017. Vodafone Smart platinum 7 vs Nexus 6P comparison. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review: Own-brand flagship phone can hold its own. A look at the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7. Nokia Lumia 1020 in 2018: Can this Zeiss phone camera still compete?. Vodafone Smart platinum 7 unboxing and hands-on. iPhone Settings You Should Change Right Now! iOS 11.3. 2018 Top 6 Best Laptops to Buy in 2018. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Vodafone gets the operator branded smartphone right for once. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review: premium phone on a budget. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review: premium phone on a budget. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review: premium phone on a budget. Vodafone has been making its own phones for a decade, and this new handset is purposefully its most high-end in celebration of that fact. It’s cheaper than some of the competition, but is it worth considering over rival flagship smartphones? Here's our Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review. Vodafone's latest smartphone is also its most premium. We see if it can spar with the likes of Samsung for people's attention. Dimensions 154 x 75.7 x 7 mm. 1440 x 2560 pixels (~534 ppi pixel density). Quad-core 1.8 GHz Cortex-A72 & quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A53. Internal 32 GB, 3 GB RAM. Primary 16 MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, LED flash. Secondary 8 MP, 1080p, LED flash. Sensors Fingerprint, accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. Fast battery charging: 50% in 30 min (Quick Charge 3.0). Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review: Price, availability and rivals. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review: Design and build. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review: Hardware, specs and performance. Famed for its longevity in the UK mobile network market, Vodafone currently sells five own-brand smartphones. While a slight generalisation, they all aim to bring the user 4G connectivity and access to the Android app world on varying budgets. The latest is the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7, and it’s aimed squarely at people who might be considering high-end flagships like the Samsung Galaxy S7, OnePlus 3 or LG G5. So is it up to the task? Here's our Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review.. Also see: Best Black Friday Phone Deals. As you might expect, the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 is only available through Vodafone. The cheapest you can pick it up for on a 24 month contract is £24 with £50 up front cost , but this only gets you a paltry 500MB of data per month.. However, the Platinum (as it shall now be christened) is actually more compelling as a SIM-free or pay as you go handset, selling at the time of writing for £295 outright. Considering its flagship pretentions, this is excellent value.. However, this doesn’t necessarily make the Platinum a no-brain purchase. still brilliant Samsung Galaxy S6 is available for £349.99 ,. while the OnePlus 3 has some better specs than the Platinum and the S6 and is just £309 .. It's not as good value if you're not on the Vodafone network and are unwilling to switch. The Platinum 7 is SIM-locked to Vodafone so you'll need to spend extra getting it unlocked.. As you might expect, Vodafone’s smartphones aren’t design marvels, taking the tried and tested ‘black rectangle’ form. Smart Platinum 7 pushes the boat out a bit given it is at the higher end of the range.. For a smartphone with a large 5.5in screen it’s the perfect weight, heavy enough to feel premium but won’t weigh down your pocket or bag. The screen is AMOLED, with a resolution of 1440 x 2560 pixels. It measures 154 x 76 x 7mm, making it very similar in dimensions to the 192g iPhone 6s Plus, but much lighter than that phone at a managable 155g.. Be aware we are in distinctly phablet territory, so if you’ve got smaller hands this is going to prove slightly cumbersome to use, particularly with one hand. The advantages are that long-form documents are easier to draft and everything from spreadsheets to videos better to view. You might even use your tablet less, which is a good thing if you’re looking for one device to all your mobile activity on.. The front and back are covered. in gorilla glass, the hilarious tech name for glass, which means this is a phone that is eminently breakable, but most are these days. The back has an attractive diamond cut detailing which is also present on the physical buttons on the Platinum’s sides. This gives the phone a distinctly masculine feel, so you may want to check it out in person before buying.. There’s a pleasingly subtle Vodafone logo on the back, along with the camera, which protrudes a tad from the casing. Just underneath this is the circular fingerprint reader, yet another attractive feature crammed into this sub-£300 handset.. The front is distinctly iPhone-like in its bezel design but we love the thin, wide speaker grills at the very top and bottom of the front, lending further to the Platinum’s premium aspirations. It's very well made, but a shade less interesting to what we've come to expect from a high end device.. The Smart Platinum 7’s headline specs are its AMOLED touchscreen with 534ppi pixel density (i.e. very good), 3GB RAM and 16Mp rear-facing camera. There's also NFC which is equipped to take full advantage of Android Pay.. As is the case with many smartphones in 2016, the 3000mAh battery is non-removable, but there is a Micro-SD card slot to boost the 32GB internal storage with 128GB more if you fancy putting several seasons of the Sopranos in your pocket. While initial stocks last, the phone comes bundled with a free Smart VR headset, allowing you to view various third party VR content hands-free (we haven't tried it out so can't vouch for it).. The phone is charged via microUSB v2.0, which we were happy to see supports fast charging with the bundled charger; Vodafone claims you can charge half the battery in 30 minutes and our real-life use confirmed this as true. In a Geekbench battery rundown test, the Platinum lasted a respectable but not outstanding seven hours and 32 minutes. Fast charging is a great feature, but as with 2015’s Samsung Galaxy S6 ,. we do feel like it’s a compromise for having a battery that runs down too fast.. We ran the usual Geekbench and JetStream tests on the. Smart Platinum 7 against the flagship phones we believe it’s fighting against in the market. Higher scores are better, and as you can see in the charts below, it’s in these graphically intensive tests where the Platinum's QuadHD display and mid-range processor struggle.. We were initially disappointed in the use of the mid-range octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 652. chip, considering the similarly priced OnePlus 3 has the superior 820 (and double the Platinum’s RAM at 6GB). Objectively, this is extreme tech-hack nit picking, but it’s worth pointing out that Vodafone has skimped a little on the internals, presumably to keep the price below £300.. Our benchmarking of the two phones against one another reflects this, but it is worth reiterating that in our extended use of the Platinum, we encountered barely any lag in every day app use, video streaming, emailing and umpteen other things. So, unless you want to play the very latest, graphically intensive games on your smartphone, you shouldn’t notice any deficiencies in performance.. We recorded a download speed indoors of 11.9Mbps on Vodafone’s 4G network in central London which is great – clearly the hardware can handle high download speeds for music streaming and app downloads on the go.. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. I saw this on Tech Advisor and thought you should see it too.. The art of 'British' pulp fiction. What to expect at WWDC 2018: Dates, tickets & product announcements. TV & streaming : comment regarder le Tournoi des Six Nations 2018 ?. UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes. 
Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Review: In Depth. Screen size 5.5-inches Screen resolution WQHD (2560x1440) Weight 155 grams OS Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow Rear Camera 16-megapixels Front camera 8-megapixels Processor 1.2GHz/1.8GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 Memory 3GB RAM Storage 32GB. Expandable via microSD up to 128GB 4G LTE Yes Bonus features Free VR headset, Cat 6 LTE, fingerprint sensor, Quick Charge 3.0, front-facing LED camera flash. Excellent value for money Clean user experience Premium design Stunning display Fast performance. Speaker grilles trap dirt Camera could be better Fingerprint magnet Carrier locked Low grip body. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review: Vodafone’s amassed a respectable roster of affordable own-brand handsets with premium touches, but the new Smart Platinum 7 is more flagship material than anything that’s come before it.. If you’re at all familiar with the carrier’s existing Smart lineup you’ll notice that the Platinum sticks out for all the right reasons. Handsets like the Prime 7 feature a plastic build with metal hardware controls, whilst the Platinum 7 boasts a full metal frame, sandwiched between two layers of Gorilla Glass.. It boasts more aggressive styling than the rest of the Vodafone family too, likely to embody the jump in grunt it’s packing under the hood, whilst at the same time offering a more premium overall look and a more sturdy feel in the hand.. There’s the standard fare of power and volume keys on the right side, as well as a dedicated camera key high up on the top left that can be reprogrammed to launch any application you fancy with a quick double-press. On the back, the phone’s primary camera comes with a slight bump under which sits a flush fingerprint sensor, which looks great, but can be tricky to feel out from time to time.. That all-glass finish is also a bit of a fingerprint magnet, at least as much as the likes of the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge are, but the phone still looks good, even when smudged up. Despite packing a large display, it’s an impeccably thin phone at 7mm and weighs in at a decent 155 grams too.. The front-facing speaker grilles are also a nice touch, but the micro-drilled holes do have a tendency to pick up detritus and fluff if the phone’s been sitting in a bag or pocket for too long.. One of the biggest surprises for us was the phone’s gorgeous 5.5-inch WQHD AMOLED display, which packs vibrant colours and great viewing angles. It’s not quite as bright overall as the Super AMOLEDs of Samsung’s top handsets, but it should provide more than enough performance for most users hoping to enjoy videos with inky blacks and plenty of ‘pop’.. The phone also comes with wafer thin bezels along the sides. and paired to those front-facing speakers it lends itself perfectly to enjoying multimedia. On the flip side, a complete lack of any form of one-handed mode on a phone this big is a touch frustrating as it forces you to adjust your grip constantly. That said, it’s still easier to reach content higher up than on the likes of an iPhone 6S Plus , thanks to those narrow sides.. Vodafone as ever has treated the stock Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow experience with respect, adding small, considered tweaks that are almost always useful. As with any of the carrier’s handsets you can expect a level of bloatware, but there’s no obligation to install the full suite of services and you can uninstall some of the preloaded options too.. Call+ and Message+ are always standout inclusions, letting you access your texts and call logs from a desktop browser, not unlike WhatsApp Web, whilst the accessories app is less welcome, serving as little more than a dedicated Vodafone storefront that just takes up space.. Lack of one-handed mode aside, usability is pretty good, thanks to tweaks like a close all tasks button, the aforementioned programmable camera key and the reconfigurable on-screen navigation keys.. The Snapdragon 652 powering the Platinum 7, backed up by 3GB of RAM, gives it more than enough oomph to take on the likes of the Sony Xperia X , OnePlus 3 and Samsung Galaxy S7 in everyday scenarios and it has no trouble driving all those pixels for media playback, 3D gaming and even VR.. Internal storage is a respectable 32GB and most of that is user accessible, but should you wish to throw more content on there, the SIM tray also accommodates microSD cards up to 128GB.. One of the benefits of rocking one of Qualcomm’s latest processors is that you also get Quick Charge 3.0 technology, which should restore the sizeable 3000mAh battery to full in under an hour and a half – not bad for a phone that lasts between a day and a half to two general use.. The other big draw for the Platinum is that it supports Cat 6 LTE, so it feels blazingly fast on Vodafone’s 4G network compared to the rest of carrier’s 2016 lineup, most of which only support Cat 4 speeds.. As well as decent internals, the Platinum 7 also packs a pair of respectable snappers too. The 8-megapixel front facer can capture tons of detail, features an on/off beauty mode toggle and there’s a front-facing LED flash to brighten up those club toilets selfies.. The main attraction is the phone’s 16-megapixel primary camera, which again takes still with loads of nice detail and great bokeh in macro scenarios. It’s clear that colour and contrast is heavily pushed, so it’s far from a natural camera in that respect, but if you want shots with punch, this phone provides.. It falls down in a couple of places, though, most obviously with low light scenarios, but its Full HD video quality feels sub-par too, with heavy contrast and a complete lack of fine detail. On the upside, you have the option to push the video quality all the way up to 4K and the image stabilisation system is on-hand to smooth things out as well.. Whether you know it as the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7, the Pro 7 or the Alcatel Idol 4S (which shares almost all of the same DNA), this is a great smartphone, and undoubtedly Vodafone’s best effort to date.. Whilst it’s over double the cost (£295 on Pay As You Go) of the next capable offering in Vodafone’s 2016 lineup (£135), you can see where those extra pennies have gone and it makes for a great alternative to the likes of the OnePlus 3 (£309), Xperia X (£470) and even pricier handsets like the HTC 10 (£570).. Casio Edifice EQB-500 Review: In Depth. Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: In Depth. Sony Xperia XZ Premium Review: In Depth. Lenovo Yoga Book Review: In Depth. Vodafone Smart V8 Review: In Depth. Casio Edifice EQB-500 Review: In Depth. Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: In Depth. Sony Xperia XZ Premium Review: In Depth. Lenovo Yoga Book Review: In Depth. Vodafone Smart V8 Review: In Depth. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. Mobile Phones · Features Best budget camera phones: The greatest mobile snappers for £299 and under. Broadband & TV · Features How do I stream Sky Go to a TV, to watch Sky shows or movies on a big screen?. Mobile Phones · Features Neko Atsume rare cats guide: How to get Cream-san, Bengal Jack and more. Mobile Phones · Features What is iOS and what does iOS stand for?. Broadband & TV · Features How can I watch Amazon Prime Video on my TV?. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. 
The next video is starting stop. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 - Vale a pena?. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Será este Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 o melhor smartphone de 400€ do momento? Saibam tudo nesta análise! Vídeos relacionados Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 - Unboxing e Primeiras Impressões https://youtu.be/gFo9650AN-g Huawei P9 - A melhor câmara num telefone? https://youtu.be/dn_h6ay8L34 Samsung Galaxy S7 - O melhor telefone de sempre? https://youtu.be/orwpfdeZn50 Vale a pena comprar um telefone topo de gama? https://youtu.be/j186ywztdws Mais núcleos = melhor processador - Mito ou Verdade? https://youtu.be/rXZY_P2YERI Top 5 funcionalidades do Android 6 Marshmallow: https://youtu.be/jIzN_f2f4i8 REDES SOCIAIS Facebook: http://fb.com/TiagoRamosVideos Instagram: https://instagram.com/tiagoramosvideos Spotify (meu perfil pessoal): http://bit.ly/1KfnFa2 Podem usar o código promocional "TiagoRamos" para terem um pequeno desconto em qualquer produto na Globaldata! https://globaldata.pt Ser um patrono: http://bit.ly/1HpT47L Monitor AOC Ultra HD 4K: http://bit.ly/1TYNXxt Animação inicial por Miguel Brito Cruz Animação dos textos por Frederico Nobre de Carvalho. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. LINDO! Smartphone SEM BORDAS! Mi MIX Unboxing PT. Vodafone Platinum 7 vs iPhone 6s Plus. Vodafone Smart V8 - Hands On & Impressions!. Vodafone Smart V8 Review: A worthwhile upgrade. Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 review: Still one of the best budget phones?. Huawei P9 Plus vs Vodafone Platinum 7 comparison video. Vodafone Smart platinum 7 vs Nexus 6P comparison. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Review: Voda's OnePlus 3 killer. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Review - A Good £300 Phone?. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7: review en español. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 | (deutsch). Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 - My Experience!. Vodafone Platinum 7 vs Vodafone Ultra 7 Speed Test. Vodafone Smart ultra 7 Review: A Great Budget Smartphone. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review: Own-brand flagship phone can hold its own. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Unboxing | Review. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Sound Test. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. Canon's AI flash moves by itself to make portraits more flattering. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. Vodafone enters flagship territory with the Smart Platinum 7. The own-brand device even comes with a free VR headset.. When mobile providers make own-brand devices, they stick to a pretty strict set of unwritten principles. While many customers will want the best that Apple, Samsung, HTC and other big names have to offer, homegrown handsets are for everyone else. They typically represent an agreeable balance between performance and cost, sometimes hitting the sweet spot, and sometimes not. After a couple of recent, somewhat disappointing releases , Vodafone has thrown the rulebook out the window with the new Smart Platinum 7 : A network flagship with many of the bells and whistles you'd expect from a major manufacturer's top-end device.. Gallery: Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 | 20 Photos. Vodafone's certainly not messing about, with what's effectively a reskinned Alcatel Idol 4S. For starters, we're looking at 5.5-inch, Wide Quad HD AMOLED display (2,560 x 1,440) wrapped in an attractive blend of "aircraft-grade" aluminium and glass. No polycarbonate unibody here, and by using quality materials while keeping the weight at a comfortable 155g, it's by far the most premium own-brand handset I've seen from a UK carrier. In fact, it has something of a Samsung Galaxy vibe about it, without approaching shameless, carbon copy territory.. The Platinum 7's octa-core Snapdragon 652 chip (four 1.8GHz and four 1.2GHz cores) is paired with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage. Only 22 gigs of that is available out of the box, but a microSD slot supporting cards of up to 128GB makes that shortfall a non-issue. You've also got a 16-megapixel main camera to work with -- there's a dedicated shutter button on the device's edge, too -- and an 8MP front-facer for selfies and the like.. A Cat 6 LTE radio (which Vodafone calls 4G+) and the latest Android Marshmallow build (6.0.1) -- which is basically stock apart from a couple of preinstalled, Voda-branded apps -- round out the rest of the key specs. Where the Platinum 7 really stands out, though, is in the value-added features. The front-facing camera has a small, dedicated flash, for example, and the 3,000mAh battery supports quick charging that'll take you from 0-50 percent in half an hour.. The Smart Platinum 7 sports front-facing stereo speakers, and tucked away on the back you'll find a small fingerprint sensor, too. But if you needed any further proof of its flagship status, the device comes with a free, virtual reality headset dock, similar to Samsung's Gear VR .. These trimmings obviously come at a price, though, and the Smart Platinum 7 launches next Monday, June 20th, for £300 on pay-as-you-go. That might seem pretty steep, but considering Huawei's P9 is £85 more at Vodafone, there's definitely space for it in the roster. The own-brand device will also be available for free on contracts from £28 per month (unlimited minutes/texts and 1GB of data), easily making it, on paper, the network's most attractive option in and around that price range.. gear , mobile , smartphone , smartplatinum7 , vodafone , vodafonesmartplatinum7. Part man, part caffeine, Jamie has fought his way here to the castle beyond the Goblin City to explore tech, watch Nic Cage movies and suck at video games. Canon's AI flash moves by itself to make portraits more flattering. The motorized Speedlite 470EX-AI finds the best angle to bounce light.. 'Papers, Please' official short film recreates the game's bleak tone. Arztotzka has never been so glorious.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Inject life into your cloud-hosted applications: 5 best practices to boost end-user experience. Feel as though the performance of your cloud-hosted applications has become lacklustre? Here are five best practices that can help you boost end-user experiences, simplify performance management, and reduce the cost of your AWS environment.. Your questions answered: How to protect your data in the cloud. The number of successful cyberattacks per year per company has increased by 46% over the last four years. But what really needs to be considered when exploring a solution? What questions need to be asked? Download to find out.... Search by title or subject area. 300 quid handset lives up to its name with its premium design and capable specs. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. The Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 has commendable specs and a high-quality screen, and provides a lot for the low price.. Gorgeous pin-sharp display, strong design and build, meaty speakers, under £300. Poor fingerprint scanner, camera could be better, bloatware. THE 300 QUID Smart Platinum 7 deviates from Vodafone's usual blueprint in that, instead of chasing the bargain bin, it targets the mid-range market. The likes of Huawei, OnePlus and Sony probably thought were safe, but Vodafone's latest effort could prove otherwise.. Like the Smart Ultra 6 before it , the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 combines an attractive design with an affordable price, but the new handset takes the specs up a notch, in some cases belying its budget, which makes it an intriguing prospect.. Design We haven't had a device so befitting of its name in a long time, and the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 is sleek and stylish with its exquisitely crafted metal and glass chassis.. The carbon-fibre effect on the back ought to come across as ill-conceived, but we think it works and saves it from mediocrity (not just another black slab). We even like the antenna lines that merge into the metallic black edges. There's some nice added texture on the buttons, which helps to set it apart from other recent handsets.. In terms of size, the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 weighs 155g and measures 154x76x6.9mm, which makes it longer and wider than the OnePlus 3 but a shade thinner.. A tour of the chassis reveals volume and power buttons on the right and a headphone jack on top, while on the left there's a camera shortcut button and a SIM tray that has enough space for nano and microSD cards.. A double-header of very capable front-facing speakers are located at the top and bottom, hidden behind mesh grilles. In our tests we found sound quality pleasingly crisp and expansive, especially when gaming or watching video. A USB 2.0 port also lives on the bottom.. Galaxy S9 vs iPhone X specs comparison. iPhone X price, deals and news: 'Sluggish' iPhone X sales leave Samsung scrambling for OLED buyers. Galaxy S9 price, release date and specs: Pre-order deals go live ahead of 16 March release. Apple rolls out iOS 11.2.6 to fix Telugu 'text bomb' bug. BBC micro:bit beats Apple's iPhone 6S at maths. Phishing attack swipes credentials from more than 50,000 Snapchat users. © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, New London House, 172 Drury Lane, London WC2B 5QR, registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 09177174 & 09178013. Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013, 2016 & 2017. 
Sign up for our daily newsletter. The network own-brand phone that looks surprisingly luscious. ex VAT (Vodafone pay as you go) or no upfront cost on £28 per month two year Vodafone contract. Surprisingly sleek and sturdy; Lengthy battery life; Fast and accurate fingerprint reader; Top quality screen. Even better phones are available at around the same price or less; Bundled nagware. A surprisingly excellent own-brand phone that holds its own against big name smartphones. Almost all of the UK’s major mobile networks sell their own-brand smartphones, but previous efforts have been patchy at best. We’ve seen a lot of own-brand phones that have been unbalanced or just plain bad. The Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 shows that this doesn’t have to be the case. Made by TCL/Alcatel, it breaks the mould in more ways than one.. Unlike most network own-brand phones, the Smart Platinum 7 isn’t an aggressively cheap budget phone – its costs £300 (inc VAT) on Vodafone pay as you go or £28 per month with no upfront cost on a two year Vodafone contract.. The Smart Platinum 7 may cost £300, but at least it looks the part. It’s a surprisingly classy and sophisticated look phone with a metal rim around the edges and ribbed, textured buttons. Under the glass back is a subtle repeating diamond pattern that glistens attractively in the right light – an aesthetically pleasing effect that our photos can’t quite capture. Despite the glass back, it didn’t feel as slippery in hand as the similarly built Galaxy S6.. The nano SIM tray can also hold a micro SD card, but the bigger surprise is the presence of a fingerprint reader on the back of the phone just underneath the main camera. It worked quickly and effectively, with very few false negatives. Just tapping the fingerprint reader with our registered digit was enough to speedily wake and unlock the Smart Platinum 7.. Another pleasant surprise was the front facing speakers. Although dedicated music fans are still better off with some good quality headphones or earphones , the speakers here are loud and clear enough for conference calls and Ted video clips alike. Plus, the sensibly compact speaker grills don’t add too much extra height to what is an already sizeable 5.5in phablet.. While there are even faster processors in more expensive phones, the eight core Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 and 3GB of RAM held their own in our benchmarks. It only fell behind when grappling with 3D graphics, which is unsurprising. Just as importantly, the responsiveness of the touchscreen was very smooth with only an occasional lag of inertia when scrolling letting the side down.. The battery is, unsurprisingly for a modern smartphone, sealed, but that shouldn’t be a problem until the battery gets old and degraded enough to need replacing. It lasted over 13 hours when playing video on a loop. When connected to Vodafone’s 4G network in London’s West End and used for a variety of everyday tasks, with the exception of 3D gaming, it lasted a very respectable 37 hours. When doing nothing but playing MP3s and browsing the web on WiFi, it ran for nine and a half hours before depleting. In short, battery life is lengthy.. The 2560x1440 pixel resolution of the screen isn’t really necessary to ensure smooth, crisp text as 1080p 5.5in screens are just as good. Although the screen isn’t quite as bright as displays on competing phones, it’s far from dim. In any case, we’re not going to complain given the high levels of colour accuracy and contrast. On paper, the main 16 megapixel rear facing camera should be on a par with the best flagship phone cameras – it has a wide f2 aperture, phase detect autofocus and big pixels on the sensor. In broad daylight, photos were sharp with plenty of detail. It struggled in dimmer conditions – even a cloudy, overcast day was enough to make the resulting photos look a little under exposed.. More challenging conditions at night and in dimly lit indoor conditions revealed a lot of noise and blurriness. It’s far from ideal, but at least photos don’t suffer from the aggressive over-sharpening and blocky artefacts of older Android phone cameras.. Android 6.0 Marshmallow comes pre-installed on the Smart Platinum 7 and, for the most part, it’s surprisingly fuss-free and sticks closely to Google’s original Material Design. Even Google Now is in its rightful place to the left of the first home screen.. The only exceptions to this are Vodafone’s bundled apps and the periodic notifications nagging you to set them up. Some of these are of questionable utility, such as the contactless payments wallet, McAfee-powered security and bandwidth measuring apps. There are few compelling reasons to use these over the existing apps you probably use already.. More useful are the customised phone and SMS apps which allow you to take care of all your calls and texts on your PC using a web interface. These are useful whether you have restricted eyesight and dexterity, if you’re a bad touchscreen typist or if you need an easier way to log communications for corporate compliance purposes.. The Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 is an unexpectedly good smartphone that excels in almost every way – it’s certainly far, far superior to its budget sibling. The catch is that the OnePlus 3 is even faster and has a better camera , yet costs only a few pounds more and is sold unlocked too. Then there’s the 32GB Nexus 5X which has a superlative camera as well as speedy Android updates, albeit without a microSD slot, and which can currently be bought unlocked for as little as £226 inc VAT from Amazon.. Still, if you have a business contract with Vodafone then the Smart Platinum 7 should be high up on your shopping list.. Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies.. Cloud: The springboard to business success. Samsung Galaxy S9 hands-on: The best smartphone in the world - again. SAP HANA must navigate fears around licensing and skills. Microsoft creates a bevy of Microsoft 365 tools to help handle GDPR changes. Which is the best browser? Chrome vs Firefox vs Microsoft Edge. Samsung Max is a privacy-centric browser with data saving. Nokia 8 Sirocco hands-on: Elegant but outclassed. Samsung Galaxy S9 hands-on: The best smartphone in the world - again. Google's Enterprise Recommended programme lists the best Android phones for business. © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. 
By using https://blog.vodafone.co.uk, you're consenting to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy .. Vodafone Social | Official Vodafone UK blog. Vodafone Smart platinum 7 lands at Vodafone UK: A decade of amazing, affordable smartphones. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn. By Adam Bunker - 14 June 2016. It's time to meet our latest flagship device, and time to find out what makes the Vodafone Smart platinum 7 such incredible value for money.... Home › Tech › Vodafone Smart platinum 7 lands at Vodafone UK: A decade of amazing, affordable smartphones. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Get the Vodafone Smart platinum 7 now!. Speed, power and performance in one gorgeous, slimline package. Tags Phones Smart Platinum 7 Vodafone. It's time to meet our latest flagship device, and time to find out what makes the Vodafone Smart platinum 7 such incredible value for money.... Looking for a new phone? This time last year we rocked the mobile landscape by introducing the Smart Ultra 6, a phone with top flight specs and a rock bottom price. And, if we do say so ourselves, it was met with pretty rapturous reviews .. This year we’re back to do the same again, as well as to mark ten years of incredible homegrown devices at Vodafone UK. So, without further ado, it’s time to say hello to the Smart platinum – a premium, flagship-level handset at an unbelievably low price – available right now …. Price on Pay monthly: From. Price on Pay As You Go: £295. Made for: High-flyers, tech fans and power users. Great because… It’ll wow your friends and spare your wallet. What makes the Smart platinum 7 special? Pretty much everything. It’s been lovingly designed around a smorgasbord of top tier specs, allowing it to capably rub shoulders with the big boys in terms of power, while more than looking the part to boot.. The 5.5-inch panel on the front of the platinum 7 is a QHD 2K AMOLED number, which not only means that your photos, videos and games will appear super crisp and detailed, but also that blacks are really deep and colours are rich. Above it sits and 8-megapixel selfie cam, while a 16-Megapixel sensor sits around the back.. And what’s that just beneath the rear camera? It’s a fingerprint sensor, which’ll let you securely unlock your phone in an instant, as well as gift access to secure payments via Android Pay. Oh, and did we mention that the Smart platinum 7 is only 6.9mm thin?. Of course, none of that means anything if the phone can’t comfortably shift its pixels, though, which is why we’ve given the platinum a powerful octa-core processor with 3GBs of RAM. That’s more than enough to switch between graphically demanding games, HD video streams and heavy web pages without hiccups. Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) sits underneath it all, gifting access to the latest and greatest Google features alongside our light set of enhancements (such as the ability to launch a set of custom apps straight from the lockscreen).. Finally, the Smart platinum 7 rocks 32GB of expandable storage and an absolutely huge 3000mAh battery with Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 3.0 technology, which allows you to restore 50% of the platinum’s juice in only 30 minutes.. And then there’s the icing on the cake. Not ones for lagging behind the times, we’re dipping our toes into the VR waters with the new Smart VR headset.. With support for Google Cardboard’s virtual reality experiences, slotting the platinum 7 into the Smart VR headset will unlock a whole new universe of interactive videos, games and vistas to explore.. The best bit? if you order a Smart platinum 7 you’ll get a Vodafone Smart VR headset absolutely free. Vodafone UK, so click below to order yours!. More on Virtual Reality… Our Vodafone Smart VR headset is joining a growing movement in tech. But how does it all work? Here’s the science behind it .. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+: First impressions from the web’s tech press. Pre-order the Samsung Galaxy S9 or S9+ from Vodafone UK today!. Low price, high performance: Get ‘more of everything for less’ with the new Huawei P Smart!. A Vodafone Christmas Love Story: Get festive feels with Martin Freeman. Apple iPhone X reviews roundup: Grab yours now at Vodafone UK!. The #VodafoneVaults: Win tickets to see Craig David Presents TS5, and Marvin Humes!. @hannahbakesyay Judging by the screenshot Hannah it's a YES from us! 🎉 As for the offer, if it states for existing… https://t.co/dK7vBtFYQl. @InfinitusSteve Strange we'd make this request Steve 🤔 We're happy to look into this and make things easier for the… https://t.co/XdWk8AyFHj. @kennymaclean Such a great tip Kenny 😅 Pia. @DanielKahl1 Oh dear! we're always trying to reward loyalty here at Vodafone 💪 Have you tried looking at our deals… https://t.co/31Im9vbbZn. @hannahbakesyay We're sorry we can't offer fibre at your address as of present Hannah 👎 We'd loved to have had you… https://t.co/haXBjVN9k4. @csd31989 We really don't want to see you go Chris 😭 We'd rather you be eager to stay, is there anything we can do… https://t.co/IRYaFxSewc. Registered office: Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. 
Handy guides for your phone, tablet or modem. Vodafone Smart platinum 7 in Black on Bill Pay | Vodafone Ireland. Introducing the Vodafone Smart platinum 7. Our flagship device for 2016, contains the latest mobile technology, delivers top class performance and is tuned to our fast and reliable 4G+ networks. 5.5 inch 2K AMOLED display Octa-core processor with 3GB of RAM Up to two days' battery life. 4G 5GB of Data Unlimited Vodafone to Vodafone calls Unlimited texts to any network 100 minutes to any network Roaming across Europe included 3 months Secure Net. 4G+ 15GB of Data Unlimited calls and texts to any network 100 International minutes and texts Roaming across Europe included 12 months Secure Net Red Entertainment Pack. 4G+ 30GB of Data Unlimited calls and texts to any network 500 international minutes and texts Roaming across Europe included 12 months Secure Net Red Entertainment Pack. There is another device in bundle comparison list. Adding this bundle will clear the previous list. See our out of bundle prices. The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 - crafted to perfection!. Never get caught without a charge. The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 is crafted to be beautifully elegant. It is super slim, below 7 millimetres thick, has sensually curved 2.5D gorilla glass on the front and back to give it extra depth and tone and its aircraft grade aluminium body and diamond cut detailing have a precision finish for a touch of class.. The 5.5 inch screen with 2K AMOLED display and front-facing landscape stereo speakers deliver a cinematic experience ideal for experiencing high definition multimedia content including virtual reality.. The device provides up to two days' battery life from its 3,000 milliampere hour battery and Quick Charge 3.0, which will restore half the smartphone's charge in just 30 minutes. The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 contains a 16 megapixel HDR rear camera with super zoom, Phase-Detection Auto Focus and zero second shutter lag. Both the rear and 8MP front camera have flash. There is also a dedicated key to take photos and launch the camera with a double press from sleep mode or the lockscreen to ensure you never miss a shot. It's high definition screen makes the Vodafone Smart platinum 7 perfect for losing yourself in a world of Virtual Reality. Using it with the Vodafone Smart VR. accessory provides a truly immersive experience for virtual reality fans.. The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 has a responsive antenna tuned to our superfast and reliable 4G+ network making it the perfect device to start putting our network to work for you.. The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 - crafted to perfection!. Never get caught without a charge. The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 is crafted to be beautifully elegant. It is super slim, below 7 millimetres thick, has sensually curved 2.5D gorilla glass on the front and back to give it extra depth and tone and its aircraft grade aluminium body and diamond cut detailing have a precision finish for a touch of class.. The 5.5 inch screen with 2K AMOLED display and front-facing landscape stereo speakers deliver a cinematic experience ideal for experiencing high definition multimedia content including virtual reality.. The device provides up to two days' battery life from its 3,000 milliampere hour battery and Quick Charge 3.0, which will restore half the smartphone's charge in just 30 minutes. The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 contains a 16 megapixel HDR rear camera with super zoom, Phase-Detection Auto Focus and zero second shutter lag. Both the rear and 8MP front camera have flash. There is also a dedicated key to take photos and launch the camera with a double press from sleep mode or the lockscreen to ensure you never miss a shot. It's high definition screen makes the Vodafone Smart platinum 7 perfect for losing yourself in a world of Virtual Reality. Using it with the Vodafone Smart VR. accessory provides a truly immersive experience for virtual reality fans.. The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 has a responsive antenna tuned to our superfast and reliable 4G+ network making it the perfect device to start putting our network to work for you.. Terms & conditions © 2018 Vodafone Limited. © 2018 Vodafone Ireland Limited, Mountainview, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. By using vodafone.ie, you're consenting to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy .. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review: Surprisingly few compromises. by Adam Sinicki February 7, 2017. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Design may be an acquired taste. Slower specs compared with true flagships. The Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 is a decent if unexciting phone. It’s not going to compete with the big-name flagships in the specs, camera or build-quality departments; but it is nevertheless a surprisingly-smooth operator with seriously impressive battery-game, near-stock Android and a very appealing price tag.. Vodafone isn’t exactly the first company that comes to mind when you think of premium smartphone manufacturers but with the Smart Platinum 7, the UK carrier is giving it its best shot. This is a device that has some surprisingly neat features for a £300 phone and that might just be worthy of your attention – as long as you’re happy with being tied to a Vodafone contract.. One question that springs to mind is this: if this is Vodafone’s first attempt at a premium handset though, then why is it the ‘Smart Platinum 7’ and not just the ‘Smart Platinum’? The company also offers a ‘Smart Prime 7’, ‘Smart Ultra 7’ and ‘Smart Turbo 7’ though and these did come with lower numbered-versions, so presumably it’s an attempt to get all the branding to line up.. Nomenclature aside, let’s take a look at the Smart Platinum 7 and see just how smart it really is.. To look at, the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 is off to a good – but not great – start. It doesn’t have quite the same ‘wow factor’ as flagships from the likes of Samsung or Sony but then not everything has to be new to be good. What the Platinum 7 does have is a professional-looking black finish and a nicely patterned, reflective rear. It’s understated but feels quite ‘executive’ and as a rare surprise the shiny rear panel is not too much of a fingerprint magnet!. The body is made entirely from metal and glass, has thin bezels and no physical home button on the front. The device can be a little slippery when placed on some surfaces, though it feels very nice in the hand with a decent amount of heft and rounded edges.. Overall, the presentation is fairly ‘by the numbers’ but there are a few nice elements that are worth mentioning. For one, there’s a fingerprint sensor located around the back, just below the camera and at just the right height to find easily with an index finger. What’s particularly impressive for a phone in this price range is the two front facing speakers which will be a very welcome addition for audiophiles.. If it’s a comfy and stylish set of buttons you look for in a device, then this is the phone for you! They are very nice to use and they kind of put the buttons on other devices to shame! Oh, and you’ll also find one more button than usual here too: a dedicated camera button!. Things aren’t perfect in the design department though. Unfortunately, there is some visible separation between the individual elements: the speaker grilles are on separately textured panels for example. This means you’re not getting the ‘unibody’ feel of the really heavy-hitters and to me, this prevents it from feeling truly ‘premium’ in the way a more expensive phone might. Overall though, there’s more good than bad here. It may just be an acquired taste.. It’s the same story with the screen: surprisingly high-end. It has a nice and crisp 2K (1440 x 2560) resolution and it’s an AMOLED panel at that. With this in mind, it’s no surprise that it also has great color saturation, deep blacks that almost blend into the bezels and decent brightness. At 5.5”, the screen is also more than large enough for the majority of tasks and to be considered a phablet. Whether you’re watching YouTube or playing games, you’re going to have a good time with this display.. Look closely and you’ll notice that the screen is actually very slightly curved too, which is interesting. It describes itself as being 2.5D but it’s not going to be giving Samsung any sleepless nights. Rather, it appears as though the screen is very slightly raised off of the rest of the body of the phone, like a slight bulge. This contributes to the less cohesive look of the phone in my opinion but points for trying.. There’s Gorilla Glass here, though I can’t find the version anywhere on the net. And I have already managed to pick up a slight scratch in my few days with the phone – I think my keys were the culprits here – so you’ll still want to be a bit careful with it.. This phone performs pretty smoothly, due to the great combination of software and hardware.. Specs-wise, the Platinum 7 could be seen to be slightly under powered when compared with the last-generation of flagships as it uses an octa-core Snapdragon 652 processor, which has four Cortex-A72 cores clocked at 1.8GHz and the other four Cortex-A53 cores at 1.2GHz. Despite that, navigating around the home screen is seamless, launching apps is snappy and the processor should be beefy enough to handle most games and apps with no problem.. More importantly, I haven’t experienced any stutters or lags. Multitasking is also super-smooth, which is helped along by the welcome 3GB of RAM and the relatively stock version of Android (more on that in a moment). If you want the top performing Android phone on the market, then this is not it. But for general use, you shouldn’t have any problems and actually, it’s pretty slick.. If you are interested in the numbers though, then you can check out the results from GeekBench, Antutu and 3D Mark below:. As you can see the phone scored 82566 on AnTutu. According to that test, it falls just below something like the Galaxy Note 5. The Galaxy Note 5 was a very powerful phone for its time, but like I say – that’s a phone that came out in 2015. was pretty low here but it is very inconsistent in testing and regularly scored higher. Suffice to say though that once again, the results don’t keep up with the best phones on the market today. You’ll be playing most games just fine but keep in mind that it’s not as future-proof as a device from a bigger name.. Storage wise, you get 32GB on-board and happily Vodafone saw fit to provide space for a microSD card too. So, we have average internals and an above-average screen. How about the rest of the hardware in here?. First, let’s take a closer look at the fingerprint sensor. Some have reported finding it hard to locate but I have had no trouble since locating it the first time. It’s also particularly quick and accurate and has become my preferred way to unlock the phone, though I have had it freeze on me once or twice (which of course always happens right when you need it to work!).. That fingerprint sensor doesn’t have any fancy tricks like some others– you can’t use it to swipe through your photo gallery for instance. Somewhat making up for this though, is the hardware camera button that can also be programmed to perform various other jobs, including quick-launching specific apps. NFC is here too, something that distinguishes this device from some of the offerings in the mid-range segment. It is also handy for Android Pay fans.. The other highlight in terms of hardware is the inclusion of stereo speakers. These always make a difference and this is no exception; the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 is capable of immersing you in its sound and can be heard easily over the sound of a frying pan if you like to watch YouTube while you cook.. Having stereo front facing speakers is a real luxury actually and it’s something you won’t find even on many truly premium devices – so that’s a real win for Vodafone!. The call quality is also exactly what you would expect/hope, while the signal strength has been very reliable in my testing. Of course the phone is locked to Vodafone, so you’ll have to decide for yourself how you feel about that. Oh and while I didn’t get to play with one, note that Vodafone has also released its own VR headset to work with the device. This is likely what motivated the decision to include such a fancy screen, though I can’t imagine this will be in contention as the ‘go-to’ setup for mobile VR.. For me, the longevity of the 3,000-mAh battery is actually one of the stars of the show here and it’s one of the things that Vodafone is bragging about the most in its marketing. Bragging rights are earned though and the battery life here has put all my recent phones to shame. At the end of a full day of moderate-to-heavy use, the Smart Platinum 7 will generally still have about 20% battery life. This is pretty impressive, especially considering that it’s running such a nice display. More impressive still, is the phone’s longevity on idle. On my first day with the phone, I ended the day on 10%. I then set it down on my bedside table without charging it. To my surprise, it was still on 10% the next day when I woke. That’s some great performance and it’s something I’m going to really miss when I give the phone back. Again, some of this is down to the software and specifically Google Doze. There’s quick charging too, so you can fill up quickly again when it finally does run out.. If you are one of the many people bemoaning the lack of battery life on modern phones, then I would definitely recommend checking this device out. The only thing that they could have done better in this regard is make the battery replaceable. But we can’t have everything I guess…. For me, the camera lets the side down somewhat. The rear shooter has plenty of pixels at 16MP but the results just can’t compete with the top players. There’s a f/2.0 aperture but it does not perform well in low-light settings. To be fair though, a two-tone LED flash makes up for that to some degree.. Depth of field effects are distinctly underwhelming and autofocus seems to struggle in macro shots. Photos often look over-exposed and pictures will often feature cloudless white skies. And HDR doesn’t make a ton of difference. At times the colors look washed-out, though admittedly I am a fan of a little hyper-real saturation.. I’m not saying it’s terrible, under the right circumstances it will pick up a lot of detail and the app is easy to use and nicely laid out; but coming from my Galaxy S6 Edge+, this is just a big step backward. I do love the inclusion of a dedicated hardware camera button though. Here are some samples so you can judge for yourself:. As for video you can record in 2160p at 30fps, or 1080p at 60fps. There’s also a front facing 8MP camera, capable of filming at 1080p.. The Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 wins back some major points with its software implementation. Specifically, Vodafone should be applauded for opting to provide us with a pretty-much stock version of Android 6.0.1. There’s no ugly skin on top of the UI and even the bloatware is surprisingly restrained (what is there can largely be removed!). This no doubt helps the performance a great deal and Android purists are certain to be very pleased with the choice – it almost feels like using a Nexus device.. One tweak that Vodafone has made, is the ability to swipe from the homescreen to a favorite app. This might be occasionally useful for some people but it does mean you can accidentally launch an app when flicking through your widgets and then have to wait for it to launch!. So just how premium is Vodafone’s top-end offering? How does it stack up against the big flagships? For those who really want the best Android experience, the slightly less-futureproof processor is likely to be a turn off. Everyday users meanwhile may find the camera a little lacklustre for their tastes.. But for those who don’t have the money to spend on a £700 phone, choosing the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 will involve making surprisingly few compromises. I think those who do pick this up are going to be very pleasantly surprised by a number of the features – that battery in particular and certainly the front-facing speakers. There are no sexy gimmicks but this is a very reliable phone that performs better-than-average in almost every capacity and will last as long as you need it to. It would be a great choice for road warriors and busy business-types.. Please enter a valid email address. Android Authority APP Get it on. Your source for all things Android!. © 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 unboxing and hands-on review. Expandable via microSD up to 128GB. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 unboxing: Vodafone’s follow-up to 2016’s Smart Ultra 6 takes things up a gear with a 2K screen and a metal and glass body. We got one in for an unboxing.. On first impressions, Vodafone isn’t messing around with the Smart Platinum 7. Even the box pulls away from the conventional raw cardboard finish, opting for a more silver (dare we say, platinum) hue. On the back, you’re given an overview of the impressive performance locked away inside the phone too.. Lift off the lid and you’re presented with the handset itself. What’s immediately apparent is the heightened level of fit and finish on display. The Smart Ultra 6 was a great affordable flagship for £125 (on PAYG), but the plastic build doesn’t compare to the premium design work employed by. Not unlike handsets such as the Galaxy S7 and Sony Xperia Z5 , the Platinum 7 is more of a flagship in the true sense of the word. A metal frame and knurled hardware controls skirt the edges of the phone, whilst the front and back of the device are coated in pillowed 2.5D Gorilla Glass. It looks and feels like a top-tier current-generation smartphone and whilst it certainly draws inspiration from other popular devices, it has a unique look all its own.. Back to the box and underneath the phone lies a paper wallet, containing the phone’s Quick Start guide and warranty information as well as a SIM tray removal tool. The final layer is a smaller card container, which features a USB travel adapter, USB to microUSB (although USB Type C would have been nice) lead and a pair of attractive looking silver and black in-ear headphones with additional buds for different ears shapes and sizes.. The star attraction boasts a stunning 5.5-inch WQHD AMOLED display that looks as though it’s purpose-built for enjoying video, whilst on the back you’ll find a fingerprint sensor, sitting underneath a 16-megepixel primary camera. Much like the Sony Xperia X , the Platinum 7 is a flagship, despite not packing the beefiest chipset around, but the octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 processor and the 3GB of RAM supporting will undoubtedly offer enough oomph for the majority of users in the majority of use cases.. With such an attractive screen and plenty of power under the hood, Vodafone has also promised an own-brand VR headset accessory that the phone will be able to slot into. It’s a little early in the year to be classed as a Google VR Daydream-ready device, but we’ve reached out to the carrier for confirmation on this one.. The Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 is now on sale for £300 on Pay As You Go or on a recommended £28-a-month contract, which includes 1GB of 4G+ data (the phone also supports Cat 6 LTE with speeds of up 300Mbps).. We’re mightily impressed with the introduction the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 has given us, and now we’re curious to see whether it truly is a flagship capable of taking on the big names.. Limited Edition OnePlus 5T Sandstone White Unboxing and Photo Gallery. Acer Iconia One 10 and Iconia Tab 10 (2017) Hands-on Review. HTC U11 Life Hands-on Review: The Latest Face of Android One. Vodafone Smart V8 Review: In Depth. Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio review: The super saloon killer. Limited Edition OnePlus 5T Sandstone White Unboxing and Photo Gallery. Acer Iconia One 10 and Iconia Tab 10 (2017) Hands-on Review. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. Mobile Phones · Features Best budget camera phones: The greatest mobile snappers for £299 and under. Broadband & TV · Features How do I stream Sky Go to a TV, to watch Sky shows or movies on a big screen?. Mobile Phones · Features Neko Atsume rare cats guide: How to get Cream-san, Bengal Jack and more. Mobile Phones · Features What is iOS and what does iOS stand for?. Broadband & TV · Features How can I watch Amazon Prime Video on my TV?. Sign up to our newsletter and be the first to hear about exclusive competitions , the best deals and the latest news. 
Vodafone's Smart Platinum 7 offers a 5.5-inch QHD display, Snapdragon 652 for £300. Vodafone has been releasing its own devices for a decade and to celebrate the company has just announced the Smart Platinum 7. This handset will set you back £300 if you wish to purchase it outright on Pay-As-You-Go, while contracts kick off from £28 a month, which bags you 1GB of UK data and 500MB of roaming.. For specifications, the Smart Platinum 7 sports a Snapdragon 652 processor, 5.5-inch 2K display, 32GB of internal storage, 3GB RAM, 3000mAh battery, 16MP main shooter (8MP front-facing selfie taker), and runs Android 6.0.1. It's touted as the first premium 4G+ smartphone, featuring a super slim aluminum and glass frame.. The Smart Platinum 7 from Vodafone will launch on June 20.. 85 million sales of Vodafone Devices in 10 years. Smart platinum 7 is first premium 4G+ smartphone: super slim aluminium and glass frame; 2k AMOLED display; 16MP rear camera with zero second shutterlag; up to two days' battery lifetime. Fingerprint sensor placed on the back of the device (in a convenient holding position) for fast activation and added user security;. 5.5" 2K AMOLED display and front facing landscape stereo speakers that deliver a cinematic experience ideal for watching high definition multimedia including virtual reality;. Octa-core processor supported by 3GB of RAM delivers significant computing power;. 32 Gigabytes (GB) of internal memory (22 GB available to end user), which can be expanded by up to 128 GB with an SD card;. Up to two days' battery life from 3,000 milliampere hour (mAh) battery and Quick Charge 3.0, which will restore half the smartphone's charge in just 30 minutes;. 16 megapixel (MP) HDR rear camera with super zoom, Phase-Detection Auto Focus and zero second shutter lag. Both the rear and 8MP front camera have flash. There is also a dedicated key to take photos and launch the camera with a double press from sleep mode or the lockscreen to ensure users never miss a shot; and. The smartphone is 4G+ capable with a responsive antenna tuned to the Vodafone network.. A decade of Vodafone Devices marked by launch of premium Smart platinum. Vodafone has launched the Smart platinum 7, its new flagship smartphone to mark a decade of creating mobile devices. Customers can pick one up for £300 Pay as you go or £28 per month – which includes unlimited minutes, unlimited texts, 1GB of UK data and 500MB of inclusive roaming allowance.. Back in 2006, Vodafone began creating devices to reduce the cost to its customers of owning the latest mobile technology, and therefore to enable more of them to access well built, slim and sleek handsets and its fast and reliable mobile networks.. The first Vodafone Device was launched in October 2006. The Vodafone 710 was a low cost 3G clamshell feature phone.. The Vodafone Devices range now includes 3G and 4G smartphones, tablets, mobile data products and broadband routers. Over 85 million Vodafone devices have been sold to date.. Vodafone has built up a wealth of experience in creating devices over the last decade, working closely with component makers and manufacturers. Its aim has been to deliver great value experiences using the latest smartphone technology, while never compromising on build quality.. The Smart ultra 6, Vodafone's highest specification smartphone of 2015, was praised by many expert reviewers. The smartphone won a series of awards, including: best value smartphone 2015 – Recombu; best budget smartphone of 2015 - Mobile Choice; best budget smartphone of 2015 - PC Advisor; best budget smartphone of 2015 – Btekt; and best buy award - Expert Reviews.. Vodafone has now leveraged its experience to create its most compelling smartphone, the Smart platinum 7.. The Smart platinum 7 is designed to meet customer requirements for a smartphone that contains the latest mobile technology, delivers top class performance and is tuned to the operator's fast and reliable 4G+ networks.. Daniel Schubert, Head of Industrial Design for Vodafone, said:. "We've designed the Vodafone Smart platinum 7 to be beautifully elegant. It is super slim, below 7 millimetres thick, has sensually curved 2.5D gorilla glass on the front and back to give it extra depth and tone and its aircraft grade aluminium body and diamond cut detailing have a precision finish that evokes the feel of luxury jewellery.". The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 also contains the latest smartphone technology. Vodafone will also be selling its first virtual reality (VR) headset as a separate accessory to the Smart platinum 7. The Vodafone Smart VR headset is comfortable and lightweight (260 grams) to deliver a fully immersive VR experience.. Patrick Chomet, Group Director of Terminals at Vodafone, said "A growing number of our customers take a closer look at Vodafone Devices when choosing a new smartphone because they deliver outstanding quality and value for money, particularly when combined with our Vodafone Red price plans. I am particularly excited about the Vodafone Smart platinum 7, which makes premium smartphone design and technology more attainable, so many more Vodafone customers will enjoy streaming everything from HD TV to virtual reality over our fast and reliable 4G+ networks.". Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Your are currently using Vodafone.com without Javascript. Without javascript enabled we cannot guarantee your current experience but would you like to visit our mobile version for a better experance?. Choose your country for customer service, offers and more. We have a significant presence in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific through our subsidiary undertakings, joint ventures, associated undertakings and investments. Visit our 'Where we are' map to see the countries where we have coverage.. A decade of Vodafone Devices marked by launch of premium Smart platinum 7. A decade of Vodafone Devices marked by launch of premium Smart platinum 7. Launch of premium Smart platinum 7. >85 million sales of Vodafone Devices in 10 years. Smart platinum 7 is first premium 4G+ smartphone: super slim aluminium and glass frame; 2k AMOLED display; 16MP rear camera with zero second shutterlag; up to two days’ battery lifetime. Vodafone also launching first virtual reality headset. Vodafone has launched the Smart platinum 7, its new flagship smartphone to mark a decade of creating mobile devices.. Back in 2006, Vodafone began creating devices to reduce the cost to its customers of owning the latest mobile technology, and therefore to enable more of them to access well built, slim and sleek handsets and its fast and reliable mobile networks.. The first Vodafone Device was launched in October 2006. The Vodafone 710 was a low cost 3G clamshell feature phone.. The Vodafone Devices range now includes 3G and 4G smartphones, tablets, mobile data products and broadband routers. Over 85 million Vodafone devices have been sold to date.. Vodafone has built up a wealth of experience in creating devices over the last decade, working closely with component makers and manufacturers. Its aim has been to deliver great value experiences using the latest smartphone technology, while never compromising on build quality.. The Smart ultra 6, Vodafone’s highest specification smartphone of 2015, was praised by many expert reviewers. The smartphone won a series of awards, including: best value smartphone 2015 – Recombu; best budget smartphone of 2015 - Mobile Choice; best budget smartphone of 2015 - PC Advisor; best budget smartphone of 2015 – Btekt; and best buy award - Expert Reviews.. Vodafone has now leveraged its experience to create its most compelling smartphone, the Smart platinum 7.. The Smart platinum 7 is designed to meet customer requirements for a smartphone that contains the latest mobile technology, delivers top class performance and is tuned to the operator’s fast and reliable 4G+ networks.. Daniel Schubert, Head of Industrial Design for Vodafone, said:. “We’ve designed the Vodafone Smart platinum 7 to be beautifully elegant. It is super slim, below 7 millimetres thick, has sensually curved 2.5D gorilla glass on the front and back to give it extra depth and tone and its aircraft grade aluminium body and diamond cut detailing have a precision finish that evokes the feel of luxury jewellery.”. The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 also contains the latest smartphone technology. fingerprint sensor placed on the back of the device (in a convenient holding position) for fast activation and added user security;. 5.5” 2K AMOLED display and front facing landscape stereo speakers that deliver a cinematic experience ideal for watching high definition multimedia including virtual reality;. octa-core processor supported by 3GB of RAM delivers significant computing power;. 32 Gigabytes (GB) of internal memory (22 GB available to end user), which can be expanded by up to 128 GB with an SD card;. Up to two days’ battery life from 3,000 milliampere hour (mAh) battery and Quick Charge 3.0, which will restore half the smartphone’s charge in just 30 minutes;. 16 megapixel (MP) HDR rear camera with super zoom, Phase-Detection Auto Focus and zero second shutter lag. Both the rear and 8MP front camera have flash. There is also a dedicated key to take photos and launch the camera with a double press from sleep mode or the lockscreen to ensure users never miss a shot; and. The smartphone is 4G+ capable with a responsive antenna tuned to the Vodafone network.. Vodafone will also be selling its first virtual reality (VR) headset as a separate accessory to the Smart platinum 7. The Vodafone Smart VR headset is comfortable and lightweight (260 grams) to deliver a fully immersive VR experience.. Patrick Chomet, Group Director of Terminals at Vodafone, said:. “A growing number of our customers take a closer look at Vodafone Devices when choosing a new smartphone because they deliver outstanding quality and value for money, particularly when combined with our Vodafone Red price plans. I am particularly excited about the Vodafone Smart platinum 7, which makes premium smartphone design and technology more attainable, so many more Vodafone customers will enjoy streaming everything from HD TV to virtual reality over our fast and reliable 4G+ networks.”. The full specifications of the Vodafone Smart platinum 7 are:. 154.0 x 75.65 x 6.99 milimetres. 16 MP f/2.0 autofocus with dual-tone flash. CPU - Speed - GigaHertz (GHz). 4 x A72 1.8GHz + 4x A53 1.2GHz. Travel charger; wired stereo headset; USB data cable; and Quick Start Guide. Take a closer look at the Vodafone Smart platinum 7, which makes premium smartphone design and technology more attainable, so many more Vodafone customers will enjoy streaming over our fastest 4G+ networks.. We use cookies to improve your experience, show you content you may like. Continue if you're ok with this, or read our privacy policy .. We use cookies to improve your experience on this site. 
Sign up for our daily newsletter. Toggle menus Toggle search. Home Mobiles Tablets PCs Laptops Cameras Games Appliances TVs Wearables Printers Software Accessories Networks Storage Video Cameras. Latest deals Coffee machines Broadband PC Performance Sky Soundbox Nintendo Switch Baby products Newsletter. You are here: Home Vodafone Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review - taking on the OnePlus 3. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review - taking on the OnePlus 3. facebook twitter google+ email Comments. inc VAT (on PAYG, as of 22nd June). Page 1 of 2 Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review - taking on the OnePlus 3 1. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review - taking on the OnePlus 3 2. Battery Life, Camera, Fingerprint Sensor, Conclusion & Specifications. It's fast, has a great screen and excellent battery life, but the Smart Platinum 7's camera just falls short of perfection. Processor : Octa-core 1.8GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 652, Screen Size : 5.5in, Screen resolution : 2,560x1,440, Rear camera : 16 megapixels, Storage (free) : 32GB (23.5GB), Wireless data : 3G, 4G, Size : 154x76x6.9mm, Weight : 155g, Operating system : Android 6.0.1. Buy the Smart Platinum 7 now from Vodafone. Vodafone's been on a bit of a roll with its own-brand Smart handsets recently. After last year's excellent Smart Ultra 6 nearly knocked the 3rd Gen Moto G off its perch, we've just had the equally brilliant Smart Prime 7 show the 2nd Gen Moto E that you can still make a beautifully crafted smartphone for under £100.. Now we've got the Smart Platinum 7 rounding out the roster at the other end of the scale, offering top-class specs for either £295 on Vodafone's Pay As You Go service, or £5 upfront on a £32-per-month contract. It's certainly not cheap, but you do get a free VR headset thrown in for your trouble while stocks last. The Smart VR headset wasn't available for review sadly, so I can't comment on the quality of its VR experiences, but when it would normally cost you £49 to buy separately, it's certainly a nice extra if you manage to get hold of one.. Even if you don't end up using or getting the VR headset, the Smart Platinum 7 certainly makes a great first impression. With its glossy, glass back, there's something very reminiscent of the Galaxy S7 in the Smart Platinum 7's design, but its angular, chamfered edges actually make it much easier to hold than its Samsung rival. The textured power and volume buttons are also nice touches, and the dual front-facing speakers are another welcome addition to the Platinum's rather impressive set of specs.. Just like Vodafone's other 2016 Smart handsets, the Platinum 7 runs vanilla Android 6.0 Marshmallow, but here it's presented on a stunning 5.5in, 2,560x1,440 AMOLED display. Covering a full 100% of the sRGB colour gamut, the Platinum's screen looks fantastic, producing rich, vibrant colours that look much more true to life than those on the OnePlus 3. Likewise, its high contrast ratio and perfect 0.00cd/m2 black levels give images plenty of depth, and it's easily one of the better smartphone displays you can buy for £300. It's certainly one of the sharpest, as both the OnePlus 3 and Nexus 5X only have 1,920x1,080 resolution displays.. The only slight downside is that it's not particularly bright, as I measured a peak brightness of just 358.20cd/m2. This is fairly typical of AMOLED displays, but when some AMOLED panels like the one on the OnePlus 3 can hit over 400cd/m2 on its max setting, you do start to wonder if Vodafone could have done a little more to help increase the phone's overall practicality. Still, it's a small complaint overall, as it's still just about bright enough to see clearly outside when you're standing in direct sunlight.. Its octa-core 1.8GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 processor also gives it a significant speed boost compared to other £300 smartphones, as it scored 1,535 in Geekbench 3's single core test and an impressive 4,926 in the multicore test. It's still not quite as quick as the OnePlus 3, which has an even more powerful Snapdragon 820 inside it, but it's miles in front of the Nexus 5X and Samsung Galaxy S5 Neo , and it also beats the more expensive HTC One A9 as well, so it's well-placed to compete with its similarly-priced rivals.. Android 6.0 certainly felt extremely responsive during everyday use, and apps and games were very quick to load as well. Web browsing was smooth, too, although I did notice a couple of hiccups here and there when it was loading pages with lots of images and adverts. Still, scrolling up and down sites at speed was largely free of juddering interruptions, and its Peacekeeper score of 1,160 puts it more or less on par with the OnePlus 3.. The Platinum 7's graphics performance was pretty impressive as well. Again, the OnePlus 3 is streets ahead in this department thanks to its more powerful processor and built-in GPU, but the Platinum's score of 923 frames (around 15fps) in GFX Bench GL's offscreen Manhattan 3.0 test still provides enough grunt for most types of games. Hearthstone was a little jerky in places, but it was far from unplayable, and 2D titles ran perfectly well without any hitches whatsoever.. Page 1 of 2 Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review - taking on the OnePlus 3 1. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review - taking on the OnePlus 3 2. Battery Life, Camera, Fingerprint Sensor, Conclusion & Specifications. Best phone battery life 2018: The BEST smartphones ranked. The best phone cameras in 2018. Need a phone upgrade? Find out the best upcoming phones. OnePlus 6 could get facial recognition. Samsung Galaxy Note 9: Launching in August?. Google Pixel 3: Release date, rumours and news. The best Android phones money can buy. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. LG G7: Is LG's next flagship really delayed?. Samsung Exynos 9810: The power behind the Samsung Galaxy S9. Find out the best budget smartphones you can buy. Huawei P Smart: An 18:9 budget phone. Lenovo P2 review: The best smartphone battery life, period. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Honor 9 Lite review: An 18:9 budget marvel. Sony Xperia XA2 review: Mid-range magnificence. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X: The king of budget smartphones?. Samsung Galaxy A5 review: A worthy Galaxy S8 stand-in. Honor 9 review: Better than the OnePlus 5T?. Sony Xperia XZ2: Sony’s latest flagship launched at MWC. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Size doesn’t matter. Samsung Exynos 9810: The power behind the Samsung Galaxy S9. MWC 2018: The best launches from Mobile World Congress. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus: A dual-camera delight. Best Wi-Fi extenders: Better coverage, faster downloads. IT Pro Alphr Know Your Mobile Channel Pro Cloud Pro. About us Company website Contact us Privacy notice Affiliate policy Manage my mags. © Dennis, a trading name of Dennis Publishing Ltd, registered in England & Wales no. Registered address: 31-32 Alfred Place, London, WC1E 7DP. Dennis is run for the benefit of the Heart of England Forest , a registered charity dedicated to planting tomorrow’s great native woodland one tree at a time.. 
You are here: Home / Review / Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review. January 3, 2017 By Jay Garrett Leave a Comment. Notify the recipient of the reason for your call. Send voice notes or post-call messages. Use call logs to access any of the messages, photos and videos you’ve shared during previous conversations. Smart Platinum 7 price and availability. Clean Android UI even with Voda widgets. Camera could do with OIS in low light. Get the Smart Platinum 7 now. Vodafone have done quite well with their own-branded smartphones. I have been living with the Smart Platinum 7 which is something different from Voda. This is pitched more at the mid-range rather than entry level devices.. We had a look at the Smart Ultra 7 and was impressed by its design and price tag combo.. The Smart Platinum 7 gives the specs a bump but still tries to maintain its affordability.. Has Vodafone managed this tricky tightrope act?. Unpacking the Smart Plat 7 I was impressed by its initial look and feel. I actually handed it over to a work colleague and asked him to guess the maker. His jaw dropped when I revealed its from Vodafone’s own stable.. The Smart Platinum 7 is a sleek and stylish 5.5-inch screened smartphone. It certainly has a premium feel thanks to its metal and glass chassis.. The rear of the phone has a carbon-fibre effect patterning. Perhaps not as slick as the Honor 8 but it still looks good. At least it saves it from the bland, flat back of all the rest.. Whilst at the rear you’ll notice the fingerprint scanner below the camera. There are neat design touches such as the antenna lines merging into the metallic black edges. Also, the texture on the buttons. This just goes to prove what can be, and needs to be, done to get yourself noticed in such a packed arena.. On the right side of the phone you get the volume and power buttons.. You’ll find a headphone jack on the top edge.. On the left side there’s a camera shortcut button and a SIM tray that has enough space for nano and microSD cards.. A favourite feature of mine, the device is packing a pair of front-facing speakers. These are located at the top and bottom, hidden behind mesh grilles.. A USB 2.0 port also lives on the bottom.. The Smart Platinum 7 tips the scales at 155g. To me this is a reassuring weight as I can tell I have a phone in my pocket and it feels sturdy.. The phone measures 154 x 76 x 6.9mm. So it is smaller and thinner than one of the most popular 5.5-inch displayed phones, the iPhone 7 Plus which is 158 x 77.9 x 7.3.. The octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 processor is straight out of the mid-tier cookbook.. The chipset comprises four A72 1.8GHz cores and four A53 1.2GHz cores, complemented by 3GB of RAM.. Looking at benchmark tests that have been performed, the Smart Plat 7 is around the LG G4 level. It appears to out perform the Samsung Galaxy S6 too!. Granted, I am comparing it with 2015 handsets, but I know a number of people still rocking the S6, as well as the used prices being asked for them.. Performance is as slick as the phone looks. There is no lag when flicking between apps and screens. All transitions are nice and smooth.. Thrashing around Real Racing 3 did cause the handset to get a little bit toasty, but no more than my 6P. The Smart Plat 7 did come up with the goods and the game played well and looked great.. The speakers did a sterling job here.. The fingerprint scanner is on the back which I think is the ideal placement. The scanner is the same size as the Honor 8 ‘s but there’s no recess. This makes aiming your finger at the pad a tad tricky for the first few times. Other than that, I had no real issues with using it to unlock the device.. The handset includes NFC, so contactless payments are possible using Vodafone’s Tap & Pay. It also made setting up a breeze as tapping my Nexus and the Smart Plat 7 together transferred most of what I needed.. The QHD (2,560×1,440 pixels) AMOLED display is vibrant and sharp (534ppi). This was another feature that wowed all that saw it.. Looking at the ‘Screen Mode’ options, these did pang of those found on Samsung screens.. Here you get ‘adaptive’, ‘vivid’ and ‘natural’ display modes to choose from.. Vodafone’s version of an always-on display (ambient display) lights things up when the phone’s in standby mode. This means you can see notifications and the like without having to wake the phone up completely.. Images taken in daylight are rich and full of detail thanks to the generous 16MP f/2.0 lens. Low light is handled fairly well too in most cases, as long as you have a steady hand.. There is some noticeable lag when using HDR but this is not really a deal breaker for me.. The dual-tone flash does help in low light and is comparable to other mid-tier phone snappers.. The lack of optical image stabilisation (OIS) is the biggest trick that the Smart Plat 7 is missing. If you’re used to having this then your pics with this device can come out a bit blurry. This is sorted by taking a little more time with your photos.. The snaps above are all taken without flash in mostly low-light environments. I have not tweaked them at all just so you can see how the camera handles sub-optimal lighting conditions.. The front-facing 8MP camera is pretty decent. The camera will pick out details well in decent levels of natural light, but did struggle in low or diffused light.. I do like the gesture control for selfie mode though. The shutter countdown is triggered by holding your palm towards the lens.. Vodafone has bundled a selection of its own apps and functionality, such as enhanced calling and integrated messaging.. Smart Lock is quite neat as it keeps the handset unlocked when it knows it’s safe about your person.. Vodafone’s Call+ and Message+ functions might be of use to some.. This app makes calls more interactive and personal by letting you add content as you speak.. Vodafone Message+ is a hassle-free way to stay in touch with your friends through text, chat or group conversations.. If you use Whatsapp or similar then Message+ might not be that useful for you.. The Smart Platinum 7 boasts a very clean take on Android 6.0 Marshmallow despite the Vodafone-specific features. I actually prefer this to Sammy’s TouchWiz.. If you grab the Vodafone Smart platinum 7 and a Vodafone Red Value Bundle – you can choose from Spotify Premium, Sky Sports Mobile TV or a NOW TV Entertainment Pass and watch some of this month’s hottest entertainment at home or on the go.. With everything from the latest TV series and classic movies to live football – there’s something for everyone to enjoy!. The front-firing speakers do pretty well with both movies and music.. The Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 comes with a long lasting 3,000mAh battery. This will get all but the heaviest users through a full day.. Once it does run low, the support for Quick Charge 3.0 means you’ll be up-and-running in just 30 minutes by using the supplied charger.. The Smart Plat 7 has 32GB of storage which is pretty much standard. You can boost that by another 128GB via microSD if should you need more.. Vodafone should be pretty pleased with themselves. The Smart Platinum 7 is a real jewel in the own-brand crown.. It looks and feels great and it does not skimp on the spec sheet either.. The Smart Platinum 7 will certainly give other sub-£300 smartphones a good run for their money.. The Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 comes in at a very affordable £295 (SIM-free).. As mentioned before, the Red Value Bundle is £30 per month for 24 months with no upfront cost. That gives you 2GB of data, unlimited texts and calls including roaming. You also get 6 months at half price.. If you get the 5GB Red Value Bundle (£34 per month) then you get 6 month’s subscription to Now TV, Spotify or Sky Sports, Netflix, etc. This entertainment pack is worth £9.99 per month.. GadgetyNews UK Blog Awards finalist #UKBA17. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window). Filed Under: Phones , Review. Please feel free to email GadgetyNews direct with your advertising requirements.. GadgetyNews by Jay Garrett is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. Based on a work at http://gadgetynews.com .. Roccat Khan Pro gaming headset review – Khan and get it TiBag compact laptop bag review Foobot review – making air quality monitoring smarter. ChordOhmic speaker plugs launched at The Bristol Show. Atlas Cables unleashing 6 new products – Bristol Show. Melco 100-series CD and HD Drives – Bristol Show 2018. Leema Acoustics biggest Bristol Show yet. AG352UCG6 Black Edition monitor at IEM Katowice. Archos Citee Connect Android scooter – MWC 2018. Technics SL-1000R UK demo at The Bristol Show 2018. Wharfedale DS-2 – dinky desktop divas. Hitachi launches 75-inch 4K Smart TV under £1500. Globe-Trotter X Analogue Foundation Listening Station at Spiritland. Huawei P20 range will have stamina – MWC 2018. BenQ W2000 projector review – Sub £800 Rec.709. Chord Qutest DAC, GoFigure app – Bristol Show 2018. Honor 7X available in Red and Grey. Eclipse flagship TD712zMK2 speakers – Bristol Show 2018. McIntosh MCT500 SACD/CD Transport UK price. Microsoft Surface Book 2 now available in UK. Leave this field empty if you're human:. Now share this news with your friends. This site uses cookies to improve your experience. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Warehouse Deals Outlet Subscribe & Save Vouchers Amazon Family Amazon Prime Amazon Pantry Prime Video Prime Student Mobile Apps Amazon Pickup Locations Amazon Assistant. 1-16 of over 6,000 results for "Vodafone Smart Platinum 7". Pay As You Go Mobile Phones & Smartphones. TBOC® Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 (5.5 Inches) Clear Ultra Thin TPU Silicone Gel Case Cover Soft Jelly Rubber Skin. Only 10 left in stock - order soon.. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. For Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 New Black Gel Silicone Phone Case Cover + Tempered Glass. Only 12 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Vodafone Smart Platinum 7. c1096 - Cool Geometric Snake Skin Effect Blue Green Colours Design Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 (5.5") Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. Product Features Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 (5.5"). Charger for Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Micro USB UK CE Approved 3 Pin Mains Travel Charger By i -Tronixs. out our Amazon store for more Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Accessories. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 /VFD-900 - Tempered Glass Screen Protector Guard Anti Scratch, 100 % Real Glass, HD Transparent, Shatter Proof, 9H Hardness, Bubble Free 0.3mm Thick. 10% off purchase of 2 items See Details. [8-Pack] Smart Platinum 7 Screen Protector, J&D [Anti-Glare] [Anti-Fingerprint] Premium Matte Film Shield Screen Protector for Vodafone Smart Platinum 7. Promotion Available See Details. Product Features Compatibility - Specifically designed for Vodafone Smart Platinum 7. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector Light Weight Glass For Vodafone Smart Platinum 7. Product Features Gr8value Plus Limited Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 - Surface hardness. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 New Clear Gel Silicone Phone Case Cover + Tempered Glass For Vodafone Smart Platinum 7. Product Features Vodafone Smart Platinum 7. TBOC® Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 (5.5 Inches) Black Ultra Thin TPU Silicone Gel Case Cover Soft Jelly Rubber Skin. Only 13 left in stock - order soon.. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Case, HualuBro [Kickstand] [All Around Protection] PU Leather Wallet Flip Phone Protective Case Cover with Card Slot for Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 2016 Smartphone (Black). Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. For every 3 items purchased, 15% off 3 and 1 more promotion. For every 2 items purchased, 10% off 2 See Details. Product Features Designed specifically for Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 2016 Smartphone.. Emartbuy® Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Premium PU Leather Wallet Case Cover Pouch with Credit Card Slots - Black. Product Features Made for Vodafone Smart Platinum 7. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Case, FoneExpert® Premium Leather Kickstand Flip Wallet Bag Case Cover For Vodafone Smart Platinum 7. 10% off purchase of 2 items See Details. Kickstand Flip Wallet Bag Case Cover For Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 .... Vintage Classic Luxury Premium Wallet Leather Case Book Cover Flip Stand Cover + Screen Protector (Luxury Brown) (Vodafone Smart Platinum 7). 2 Pack - Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Tempered Glass, FoneExpert® Tempered Glass Crystal Clear LCD Screen Protector Guard & Polishing Cloth For Vodafone Smart Platinum 7. 10% off purchase of 2 items See Details. Screen Protector Guard & Polishing Cloth For Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 .... 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. Pay As You Go Mobile Phones & Smartphones. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Sections Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV News Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All News Reviews Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All Reviews Buyer's guides Apps AR & VR Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV All Buyer's guides. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Review: Power and elegance without the price tag. Home > Phones >. Phone reviews > Vodafone phone reviews. 4.5 stars - Pocket-lint recommended. As an overall package, it’s right up there with the OnePlus 3 as one of the best ~£300 phones you can buy right now. It’s fast, has great build, stunning looks and great audio chops. It may not have the best camera in the world, but for its price point, it’s certainly not terrible. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7: Design Pocket-lint Pocket-lint Vodafone Smart Platinum 7: Display Pocket-lint Vodafone Smart Platinum 7: Software Pocket-lint Vodafone Smart Platinum 7: Performance Pocket-lint Vodafone Smart Platinum 7: Battery life Pocket-lint Vodafone Smart Platinum 7: Camera Pocket-lint Pocket-lint. When it comes to carrier-branded smartphones, the expectation is rarely high. In most cases, it seems just an effort from the network operators to peddle out cheap, unimpressive devices with their branding on them. Customer experience and device quality, or value for money, comes second.. But now there's the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 which, on paper, and in our experience, seems to be great value for money. Is it the one device to turnaround our presumptions?. There's a lot to like about the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7's design. It's essentially a metal frame sandwiched between two sheets of Corning Gorilla Glass. The glass finish on the back is particularly attractive with its Obsidian-like black colouring and subtle carbon fibre pattern underneath. It looks and feels like a premium phone. What's more, the glass has some attractive, subtle curves to its edges.. The metal frame has an understated dark grey finish with angled, polished chamfer running all around the front and back of the device, further adding to the high-end aesthetic. To make space for some front-firing stereo speakers, the top and bottom portions of the frame are slightly thicker, and have colour-matched plastic inserts with dozens of small machined holes to let the sound out.. Solidity is the key word here. With the way the metal frame has been built, the phone feels very durable and strong. But there is a downside to this design: glass is slippery. As is often the case with glass-surfaced phones, it slips very easily from some surfaces, and grip needs adjusting every so often to make sure it stays securely in-hand during use. With a phone as large as this, it's not the most ergonomic experience either - but that's not to say it's terrible.. On the whole, the Smart Platinum 7 has the solidity, feel and finish of a much more expensive device. Unless you get fingerprints all over it, which happens all too easily. You may want to carry a microfibre cloth around everywhere if you hate seeing smeary prints all over it.. As for ports and hardware buttons, the phone is well-equipped. On the left edge is the single card tray with slots for both a nano SIM and microSD. A textured hardware button sits above that, near the top corner which, when double-pressed, launches the camera and can be used as a shutter button to take pictures. This button can also be reprogrammed to launch another app of your choice, or you can have it take an instant screenshot or clear notifications with a single click.. On the right side are two well-designed buttons: a long volume rocker and a power button. Both of which are large, textured and have an angular design.. This texture ensures that you really can't miss them, while the audible. click feedback means you know when you've pressed them.. Like the OnePlus 3, the Platinum 7 costs around the £300 mark. That means some compromises on account of budget, but the screen isn't one of those. It boasts a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels, commonly known as Quad HD, so images and text are sharp and smooth, while the use of an AMOLED panel means colours are vibrant.. Part of the reason Vodafone has chosen to use a Quad HD display is that the network operator has launched its own Smart VR headset - which comes with the phone (our EU sample didn't have one provided, though, so we can't comment further about what it's like). With lenses magnifying every pixel on screen, and being that close to your face, it needs the higher-resolution panel.. Within the screen settings, you can change colour balance if you want to make the appearance cooler or warme, or set colours to be more or less vivid. To our eyes the Smart Platinum 7 looks good as is, straight out of the box. However, sometimes colours alter a little when looking at the phone from an angle - whites sometimes get a blue or pink tint depending on which angle you're looking at it from, and whether there's any light reflecting off the surface.. Combine the display with the stereo front-facing speakers and the Platinum 7 has arguably the best, most immersive media experience of any phone at this price point. You just can't beat playing a decent mobile game, or watching Netflix with two speakers pointing directly at your face. The stereo effect is surprisingly good, as is the audio quality and volume. It's nowhere near as tinny, or treble-heavy as the standard single speakers you usually get on phones.. With many carrier-branded phones you'll often find a tonne of apps pre-installed that you can't delete, or a tweaked user interface. With the Smart Platinum 7, that isn't the case. For the most part, it's a very clean, stock Android operating system experience.. There are a couple of Vodafone-inspired tweaks here and there - but nothing pervasive or intrusive. Upon first powering-up the phone, there's a brief Vodafone boot-up screen. Then, when setting-up the phone, the last screen offers you the chance to download some of Vodafone's apps from the Play Store. You can un-tick those, if you decide you don't want them.. There are six Vodafone apps pre-installed, one of which is the standard SMS/MMS messaging app. Then there's the Phone+ app which lets you take advantage of Voda's calling technology by making calls from the web on your desktop. Similarly, Message+ does the same for messaging. There's a Tips app for getting you accustomed to different features of Android, an Accessories app linking to deals on phone accessories, and the Start app which takes you to a window to download Voda's other apps.. Of those six, four can't be deleted. As you'd expect, the key messaging app is one of those. Phone+, Message+ and the Start app are also baked in. However, you can remove the Tips and Accessories apps.. In all, given the necessity of those apps to use Vodafone's services, it's not a terrible amount of bloatware. Vodafone could easily have loaded the phone with every single one of its apps. Inside the Platinum 7 you'll find the Snapdragon 652 processor with eight cores, sat alongside 3GB of RAM and 32GB of built-in storage (which can be expanded by microSD card). All of which adds up to give the phone good all-round performance. It's generally fast and fluid, thanks to the clean and light software.. The mid-range processor from Qualcomm is easily robust enough to power any of your day-to-day tasks, but it's not perfect. We found a couple of times that processing onscreen content would pause at odd occasions, especially during gaming. Animations would be really smooth almost all the time, and then intermittently just stop for a fraction of a second before continuing at smooth pace. It's not like the mid-range phones of old where animations generally stutter throughout though.. There's also a round fingerprint sensor on the phone's back, which sits flush with the glass panel, and recognises pre-registered prints relatively quickly. It's not quite as fast as those found in the Huawei P9 or Oppo F1 Plus, but it detects and unlocks the phone quickly enough that it doesn't feel slow. We rarely experienced any instances of fingerprints not being recognised.. As a rarely mentioned positive: we also noticed a number of instances where reception, or signal strength, was better with the Platinum 7 than with our other Vodafone SIM-equipped devices.. With mixed usage, the Smart Platinum 7's battery easily lasted until the end of a full day with plenty of juice spare. Even enough to last through the night in standby mode and in to a second day.. As with most Android Marshmallow-powered phones a lot of this battery performance is down to the standby optimisations in Google Doze. Over a full night on standby it will generally lose less than five per cent.. Because it has one of the more modern processors from Qualcomm, Vodafone has been able to equip Quick Charge 3.0 technology too. The 3,000mAh battery can charge from to 50 per cent in just 30-minutes, and up to 100 per cent in less than 90-minutes. While the 16-megapixel camera might not be the most pixel-dense sensor out there, it has enough hardware and software features to keep most. The PDAF (phase-detection autofocus) means it focus on objects really quickly, even when they're close-up. In real-life experience, the technology really does the trick, and the added HDR (high dynamic range) means shadow and highlights are well balanced.. The problem with the camera is that the end results aren't consistent. Some shots will have a nice balance and sharpness to them, while others won't - even when taking the same shot twice. A lot of the time, even in good light, there's a softness and lack of biting detail.. In low-light, it gets worse; at least in automatic mode. Details are very fuzzy and image noise is noticeable. But there is plus side: a manual camera mode allows you adjust all the important photo capture settings like ISO sensitivity, shutter speed, white balance and focus. With a tripod, it's perhaps the only way you'll get close to decent low-light shots with the camera.. Perhaps more impressive is the plethora options in the camera's app. Like a lot of phone cameras you can take panoramic photos, slow-mo videos with effects like night mode, HDR and even shoot video in resolutions up to 4K. Like its photos, the colours in videos are nicely balanced in good light, but detail sometimes lacks.. The front camera has 8-megapixels and even has its own LED flash. Results are about as good as you'd expect. We've seen better, but they're sharp enough for the odd Instagram selfie.. If you're a Vodafone customer and are looking at upgrading to a phone that costs around £30 per month, or don't want to spend more than £300 outright on a phone, then the Platinum 7 is a fantastic choice. It's not perfect, but it's great value for money.. If you're not on Vodafone and are convinced this is the phone for you, it's worth remembering that this is essentially a rebadged Alcatel Idol 4S ; which itself is due to be released soon and could mean sticking to a different network/carrier instead. Or, for the sake of £10, we'd opt for the more powerful innards of the OnePlus 3 and accept that phone's cut in screen resolution.. As an overall package, however, the Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 is right up there as one of the best phones you can buy around the £300 mark. It's fast, has great build, stunning looks and great audio chops. It may not have the best camera in the world, and you have to be on Vodafone's network, but there's power and elegance beyond what the price tag suggests.. Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest from Samsung, Sony, Nokia, Huawei, Moto and more at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus initial review: Shooting for mid-range glory. Nokia 8 Sirocco initial review: The high-end Nokia looking to steal Samsung's crown. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+: Everything you need to know. Sony Xperia XZ2 initial review: HDR-shooting, vibration-producing, serious Sony flagship. Samsung Galaxy S9 initial review: A refined evolution. Sony MWC 2018 press conference: How to watch it live. This is the new Nokia 8110. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact initial review: Potent little package. Xperia XZ2 rethinks Sony Mobile design, brings 4K HDR video capture to the smartphone party. 2003 - 2018 © Pocket-lint Limited PO Box 4770, Ascot, SL5 5DP. England and Wales company registration number 5237480.. 
Sales & Support 020 8901 1751. Bulk Ordering 020 8901 1744 9am - 5pm. Xperia Z3 + / Z3 Plus / Z4. 3 in 1 Multiple USB Braided Cable. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Leather Flip Case Cover (Black). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Leather Flip Case Cover (Blue). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Leather Flip Case Cover (Green). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Leather Flip Case Cover (Purple). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Red). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Showing 1 to 5 of 5 (1 Pages). We use the best security features. ONX3 has been established since 2008, we are one of the UKs leading retailers for mobile phone accessories and solutions.. We put our success down to responding to what our customers want and offer an extensive range of the latest accessories for the latest phone models, teamed with an world class customer care team who will look after you through every stage of the transaction.. Thanks to ONX3's excellent relationship with our suppliers we can provide our customers with a large range of over 10,000 products and the most competitive prices around.. Stay up to date with news and promotions by signing up for our weekly newsletter. Sales & Support 020 8901 1751. Copyright © 2014, ONX3, All Rights Reserved. Website Developed by: Kodxpert Web Services. 
Handy guides for your phone, tablet or modem. Vodafone Smart platinum 7 in Black on Pay As You Go | Vodafone Ireland. on Vodafone Pay As You Go. Switch your number to Vodafone and get €40 off this phone!. Introducing the Vodafone Smart platinum 7. Our flagship device for 2016, contains the latest mobile technology, delivers top class performance and is tuned to our fast and reliable 4G+ networks. 5.5 inch 2K AMOLED display Octa-core processor with 3GB of RAM Up to two days' battery life. The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 - crafted to perfection!. Never get caught without a charge. The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 is crafted to be beautifully elegant. It is super slim, below 7 millimetres thick, has sensually curved 2.5D gorilla glass on the front and back to give it extra depth and tone and its aircraft grade aluminium body and diamond cut detailing have a precision finish for a touch of class.. The 5.5 inch screen with 2K AMOLED display and front-facing landscape stereo speakers deliver a cinematic experience ideal for experiencing high definition multimedia content including virtual reality.. The device provides up to two days' battery life from its 3,000 milliampere hour battery and Quick Charge 3.0, which will restore half the smartphone's charge in just 30 minutes. The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 contains a 16 megapixel HDR rear camera with super zoom, Phase-Detection Auto Focus and zero second shutter lag. Both the rear and 8MP front camera have flash. There is also a dedicated key to take photos and launch the camera with a double press from sleep mode or the lockscreen to ensure you never miss a shot. It's high definition screen makes the Vodafone Smart platinum 7 perfect for losing yourself in a world of Virtual Reality. Using it with the Vodafone Smart VR. accessory provides a truly immersive experience for virtual reality fans.. The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 has a responsive antenna tuned to our superfast and reliable 4G+ network making it the perfect device to start putting our network to work for you.. Apple iPhone 5S 16GB (Like New). Apple iPhone 6 16GB (Like New). The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 - crafted to perfection!. Never get caught without a charge. The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 is crafted to be beautifully elegant. It is super slim, below 7 millimetres thick, has sensually curved 2.5D gorilla glass on the front and back to give it extra depth and tone and its aircraft grade aluminium body and diamond cut detailing have a precision finish for a touch of class.. The 5.5 inch screen with 2K AMOLED display and front-facing landscape stereo speakers deliver a cinematic experience ideal for experiencing high definition multimedia content including virtual reality.. The device provides up to two days' battery life from its 3,000 milliampere hour battery and Quick Charge 3.0, which will restore half the smartphone's charge in just 30 minutes. The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 contains a 16 megapixel HDR rear camera with super zoom, Phase-Detection Auto Focus and zero second shutter lag. Both the rear and 8MP front camera have flash. There is also a dedicated key to take photos and launch the camera with a double press from sleep mode or the lockscreen to ensure you never miss a shot. It's high definition screen makes the Vodafone Smart platinum 7 perfect for losing yourself in a world of Virtual Reality. Using it with the Vodafone Smart VR. accessory provides a truly immersive experience for virtual reality fans.. The Vodafone Smart platinum 7 has a responsive antenna tuned to our superfast and reliable 4G+ network making it the perfect device to start putting our network to work for you.. Terms & conditions © 2018 Vodafone Limited. © 2018 Vodafone Ireland Limited, Mountainview, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. By using vodafone.ie, you're consenting to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy .. 
Support hub Get the help you need. New to Vodafone Support for you. Device guides Handy guides for your phone, tablet or modem. Turn your phone on and off. Your feedback means a lot to us. Please let us know how we could make our Device Guide site even better. Enter your comments here then click the 'Send' button.. Email this article to your friend. Key in the letters and numbers displayed in the box. Terms & conditions © 2017 Vodafone Limited. © 2017 Vodafone Ireland Limited, Mountainview, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. 
<span class="i19ndropdownplus new-window" data-url="http://www.stuffmideast.com/">Stuff Middle East</span>. <span class="i19ndropdownplus new-window" data-url="http://www.stuff.co.za">STUFF South Africa</span>. When going for gold just isn't enough - only Platinum will do. We are part of The Trust Project. We love an all-singing, all-dancing flagship phone here at Stuff , but we're suckers for a great bargain, too.. After all, why splash out crazy money on the latest thing, when a much cheaper model can do a similar job for much less moolah? That's exactly why it's been hard not to recommend. Vodafone's budget phones over the past year.. and Prime 7 Ultra are stunning bargains that show Samsung how it’s done on a tight budget.. Now, though, Vodafone is really stretching itself.. The Smart Platinum 7 is not a £100 phone, it’s a £300 one. One with serious hardware, and a serious price to match - a combination that might be enough to lure you away from dropping top dollar on a. Vodafone’s cheaper mobiles used to be happy to trade a fancy design for a bargain price, but that's all changed now. The £75 Smart Prime 7 even had a hint of style to it, and the Smart 7 Platinum goes all-out.. There’s glass on the front, glass on the back and bevelled aluminium around the sides. No doubt about it, this is top-notch construction.. As for looks, though? The Smart Platinum 7 isn’t going to blow its rivals off the catwalk. I think it looks better from the front than the back, mostly because of the pseudo-3D carbon fibre-effect finish that's desperate to catch the light, and the ugly text covering the sticky-out camera.. I might not edit any fashion magazines, but I reckon it would look a shade better with something like the Sony Xperia Z5's frosted glass rear.. It's only a few millimetres wider than the Galaxy S7 Edge, but feels even bigger in your hand because the shape is a wee bit boxy. It doesn't feel at all cheap, though, and isn't as much of a palm destroyer as the iPhone 6s Plus .. As the first truly expensive Vodafone phone, the Platinum has a lot to prove, so plenty of top-spec features make the cut. You get a fingerprint scanner on the back, for example - right where Huawei and LG tend to plonk their pads.. It's a mystery which company actually makes the phone (Vodafone uses manufacturing partners), but I get the feeling it may have masses of experience with these things.. The fingerprint sensor works just fine, but it's clearly a bit slower than the scanners on other top-end phones. Those try their best to convince you they're scanning before your finger even touches the pad, but this one is in much less of a hurry.. In standby mode, I regularly had to wait a few seconds before the Platinum would notice, like pressing the buzzer at a B&B reception in the deepest, darkest recesses of the English countryside.. Fingers crossed this’ll quicken up with a software update, as it's normally nippy enough, and its ability to deal with wet fingers suggests the hardware's up-to-date.. The other design highlight is the pair of front-loaded speakers.. They’re deliciously subtle, with little grilles above and below the screen being the only sign they're there at all.. They also sound terrific - for a phone setup, anyway.. They do a great job of making the sound wide and involving when you’re stuck down a YouTube rabbit hole of cartoon theme tunes from your youth. Or whatever else you waste your life away online with.. Sound quality is remarkably good too, with unusually good bass power and even a pretty good sense of separation between the parts of a mix when you play music. They don’t make the Smart Platinum 7 turn into an angry vibrating plate as soon as you turn the volume up, either.. I wish they were an extra notch louder, as they are overpowered by the OnePlus 3, even though this phone’s sound quality is significantly better.. The Smart Platinum 7 waves two fingers up at Sony, HTC and LG with its 2560x1440 OLED screen. That's rubbing shoulders with Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.. It’s big, it’s pin-sharp, and there's a good chance it uses a Samsung-made panel, so has more in common with top-end Galaxys than mere resolution.. If you’re a screen snob like me, you’ll find the colours a bit oversaturated when you first switch it on. Vodafone's borrowed a few more ideas from Samsung, though, with. ‘natural’, ‘adaptive’ and ‘vivid’ screen modes. I liked the Smart Platinum 7 with a natural, warm-leaning setting: it’ll look like the phone equivalent of a knackered old library book to some of you, but you can go your own way.. The Smart Platinum 7's screen is no match for the best Samsung phones in some other, though. Take it outside on a bright day and visibility is only OK.. A Galaxy S7 Edge goes all DEFCON 3 when it’s bright out, overdriving the display and radically ramping-up the colour saturation to make things as clear as possible. The Smart Platinum 7 has no similar tricks. It copes outdoors, but not with the same style.. Then there’s the tricky bit: the software. Do you really want the phone you spent £300 on to be plastered with network-branded apps, and be locked to Vodafone?. The Smart Platinum 7 feels like you’re getting a good deal in pure hardware terms, but the OnePlus 3 and Oppo F1 Plus also land around the same price.. Don't sit scratching your head, though. The Smart Platinum 7 only has five Vodafone apps, which mostly just sink into the app drawer like the calculator you spend three minutes looking for once every six months.. The more invasive ones are the calls and texts apps. They’re actually pretty similar to the ones you get with any other Android phone, but push Vodafone’s internet calling and texting services. As someone who exclusively uses WhatsApp to text and considers phone calls an unfortunate part of life admin these days, I haven’t really used either.. The only annoyance is how the deep red shade of icon Vodafone uses for, well, everything is so much less chilled-looking than the one Google uses for its Chrome and Gmail apps.. They’re little red boiled sweets stuck onto what is otherwise a totally standard take on Android. The apps menus and home screens could have been ripped right from a Nexus phone, and the Platinum launches with the up-to-date Android 6.0.1.. The built-in apps don't slow the Smart Platinum 7 down at all, even if it doesn't have the Snapdragon 820 CPU phones like LG's G5 are so very proud of.. The Snapdragon 625 it has instead is every bit the mid-range CPU. It's not as fast as the very best for raw speed or 3D graphics, but keeps up wit hthe Snapdragon 808 in last year's LG G4 , and matches Samsung's Galaxy A9, which costs more but otherwise has lower-end specs.. Still, with eight cores, that translates to a score of 4943 in Geekbench 3 - miles faster than the Snapdragon 618 and company you might find in other phones costing £200-300.. Harcore techies might raise an eyebrow that this is a 28nm chip, not a newer, (potentially) more efficient 14nm one, but before we drown in numbers, let's look at whether that matters out in the real world.. The Platinum 7 feels nippy all day long. It does have 3GB of RAM, after all.. It was only with a few games that I saw a tiny hint of compromise.. In Asphalt 8 there’s an occasional frame rate drop when the graphics are maxed-out. In Minecraft you can fiddle with the view distance and the POV until it’s almost uncomfortable to play, and Dead Trigger 2 plays perfectly.. Apart from the more powerful OnePlus 3, this is one of the best gaming phones you can get at the price, especially with those great stereo speakers pumping out sound.. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 camera image quality tests. The 16MP camera on the back certainly sounds right for the price. It's got phase detect autofocus, LED flash and an f/2.0 aperture lens, so it'll open wide and stay locked on your subject before you hit the shutter button.. In the right light, the Platinum can really hold its own, capturing loads of detail and judging how much to expose a shot with good accuracy. Vodafone claims it has 'zero shutter lag', and while it's not quite that instant, normal snaps are dead easy to shoot.. Can you feel the "but" coming? There are a few issues that stop it from being anywhere near as good as the Galaxy S7, currently the bishop of bad-assery when it comes to phone cameras.. First, the processing sometimes ends up super-ugly.. A few of my daylight shots look so grainy they could have been made by some particularly talented kids with a glue stick and some colourful sand. There’s no obvious reason why, either: fast shutter speed, low ISO: sounds right. They look fine zoomed-out too, but a horror show up-close.. Switching to HDR seemed to fix this, showing that whatever software brains are running the show just aren't that well-optimised. You can't switch to HDR and snap away 24/7, either. HDR is much slower than normal shooting, making the Platinum's camera much less fun to use.. The Galaxy S7 also destroys the Smart Platinum 7 in lower light. Shots turn a bit soft at night, like a cheesecake base that’s been left out in the sun. There’s no real software failing here beyond the colours looking undersaturated - the phone just doesn't have image stabilisation so has to crank up the sensitivity to stay afloat.. You need to keep your hands steady, too, with the shutter speed slowing down to 1/12 of a second. It might let the Platinum take fairly good low-light shots for a phone without OIS, but you've got to be on the lookout for blurry results.. Video capture goes up to 4K, with software stabilisation meaning you don't miss out too much from the lack of OIS.. The selfie camera is fairly good too, an 8-megapixel sensor able to capture a good amount of detail indoors. Like the main camera shots, though, colour saturation takes a slight hit when light conditions aren’t perfect.. Camera and fingerprint scanner issues only become real problems here because, unlike the Smart Ultra, this phone costs serious money.. Battery life is another so-so bit part.. This phone has the same 3000mAh battery capacity as the Ultra, even though the screen resolution is way higher.. It’s not too tricky to get the phone to last a full day, but you probably won’t get all that much more unless you start using the Android Power Saver mode, which puts great big orange bars at the top and bottom of the screen. The Smart Platinum 7 lasts for 10 hours 30 minutes of video between charges. It's fine, it’s acceptable, it’s OK - but stamina is one of the least notable parts of this phone.. It comes with a fast charger that’ll get you from 0 per cent to around 90 in an hour and a half, though, which is pretty nice as apologies go.. OK, so the Platinum doesn't quite destroy everything in its price bracket like the classic Smart Ultra: the OnePlus 3 is flat-out nicer, even if it doesn't have quite as many screen pixels.. It feels like Vodafone hasn't made quite enough of the hardware in a few areas, too. The fingerprint sensor feels a little slow, and the camera processing doesn't quite make enough of what seems to be a good sensor.. Not quite a world-beater, then, but if you're only after a kick-ass screen and you're on a budget, this is still a fantastic buy.. Buy the Smart platinum 7 with Smart VR headset here from Vodafone. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 review High-end design at a mid-range price, but there’s stiff competition for a bargain hunter’s pounds. Where to buy Vodafone Smart Platinum 7:. Stay on top of tech with Stuff in your inbox every week. Thank you for registering for our Newsletter. We will send you relevant emails and updates.. Where to buy Vodafone Smart Platinum 7:. 
Sign up to receive email alerts about our events. Small business, big data: how SMEs can unlock big data's advantages. The SME space is changing, and emerging leaders are utilising affordable, flexible and scalable big data and analytics tools. SMEs are confident about their ability to innovate, but much less certain about their ability to use big data and advanced analytics to do so.... 10 ways to increase productivity with managed Office 365. For businesses large and small, relying on a cloud-based collaboration and productivity suite such as Microsoft Office 365 is becoming the norm. Enhancing productivity in your organisation is vital to get ahead in 2017 - and using Office 365 can help, if it's used right.... Search by title or subject area. You are currently accessing V3 .co.uk via your Enterprise account.. Access your subscription from outside of the office. Get relevant news and insight straight to your inbox. You are currently accessing V3 .co.uk via your Enterprise account.. Access your subscription from outside of the office. Get relevant news and insight straight to your inbox. A £300 handset with 5.5in QHD screen, 16MP camera and beautiful design. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. The Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 has commendable specs and a high-quality screen, and provides a lot for the low price.. Gorgeous pin-sharp display, strong design and build, meaty speakers, under £300. Poor fingerprint scanner, camera could be better, Vodafone apps. Display: 5.5in QHD 2,560x1,440 pixels at 534ppi Processor: Snapdragon 652 octa-core chipset Operating system: Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow Storage: 32GB Cameras: Rear 16MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, LED flash Front 8MP, LED flash Dimensions: 154x76x6.9mm Weight: 155g. The Smart Platinum 7 deviates from Vodafone's usual blueprint in that, instead of chasing the bargain bin, it targets phones in the mid-range. They thought they were safe, but Vodafone's latest effort could prove otherwise.. Like the Smart Ultra 6 before it, the Smart Platinum 7 combines an attractive design with an affordable price, but the new handset takes the specs up a notch, in some cases belying its budget, which makes it an intriguing prospect.. Design We haven't had a device so befitting of its name in a long time, and the Smart Platinum 7 is sleek and stylish with its exquisitely crafted metal and glass chassis.. The carbon-fibre effect on the back ought to come across as ill-conceived, but we think it works and saves it from mediocrity (not just another black slab). We even like the antenna lines that merge into the metallic black edges. There's some nice added texture on the buttons, which helps to set it apart from other recent handsets.. The Smart Platinum 7 weighs 155g and measures 154x76x6.9mm, which makes it longer and wider than the OnePlus 3 but a shade thinner.. A tour of the chassis reveals volume and power buttons on the right and a headphone jack on top, while on the left there's a camera shortcut button and a SIM tray that has enough space for nano and microSD cards.. A double-header of very capable front-facing speakers are located at the top and bottom, hidden behind mesh grilles. In our tests we found sound quality pleasingly crisp and expansive, especially when gaming or watching video. A USB 2.0 port also lives on the bottom.. Hands-on review: The Samsung Galaxy S9. Hands-on review: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga (2018). UK councils exposed to 98 million cyber attacks over five years, says report. Tesla's smart power grid experiment about to kick off in Canada. North Korean state hackers are targeting Japan, Vietnam and the Middle East, warns FireEye. Blockchain needs a common framework to bind it together, argues specialist. Samsung launches Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ smartphones thicker and heavier than their predecessors. © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, New London House, 172 Drury Lane, London WC2B 5QR, registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 09177174 & 09178013. Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013, 2016 & 2017. 
