114.4 x 62.8 x 12 mm (4.50 x 2.47 x 0.47 in). 3.5 inches, 36.5 cm 2 (~50.8% screen-to-body ratio). 320 x 480 pixels, 3:2 ratio (~165 ppi density). microSD, up to 64 GB (dedicated slot). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Vodafone Smart first 7 - user opinions and reviews. My dad got me this for a first phone but it was completely trash because i changed the password and it didnt let me do anything. To me this is a small phone that cant do anything as it i sonly 3G so it cant connect to many internet sourc.... I bought this phone as a cheap fitness tracker. A few small games, books, radio and news apps. It was so good I bought for my sons to play games on. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Vodafone Smart Mini Vodafone Smart first 6 alcatel Pixi 4 (4) alcatel Pixi 4 (5) Vodafone Smart prime 7 Samsung Z2. Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8. 
Talkin’ Tech – Episode 50 – The Boys Are Back In Town. Talkin’ Tech – Episode 49 – It’s December. Talkin’ Tech Episode 48 – BTEE Being Told No. Talkin’ Tech Episode 47 – Card-Less Cashpoints. Tell Me More – Episode 4 – Ryan Shrout. Tell Me More – Episode 3 with Cam Bunton. Tell Me More – Episode 2 with Michael Fisher. Tell Me More – Episode 1 with Josh Walrath. 5 Essential Mobile Games for Smartphone Owners in 2018. VR Utilised To Assist Phantom Pain Patients. The OG Pebble: A Dead Product But Is It Still Worth It?. Top 5 Smartwatches of The Year 2017…So Far. Home / Reviews / Smartphone Reviews / Review: Vodafone Smart First 7. Vodafone have been one carrier that has pushed its own devices quite heavily in promotional material, both online, TV, and in store, for a couple of generations now. Partnering again with ZTE, Vodafone are producing devices at a devastatingly low-cost. Chris takes a look at the Vodafone Smart First 7 in his full review.. First of, I’d like to thank Vodafone for sending me a unit out for sending me out a review unit. So this was released at the same time as the. Prime 7 (click here to read my review on it). So this an other inexpensive device from Vodafone and it comes it at £25. Yep you read that right, it costs only £25. So lets see what you get for that £25.. Not a bad set of specs for a £25.. It doesn’t use LTE only HSPDA+.. So that’s enough on talking about it, let’s take a look in the box.. So it’s a pretty simple unboxing. Removing the top reveals the phone itself. Take the phone out and flip-up tray reveals the paperwork as well as a micro USB cable, earphones and plug (which is a UK plug this time round). Nothing flashy, just what you need.. So at the bottom of the device you’ll find the micro USB port and microphone. Flipping over left you’ll find nothing. Looking up top you’ll find the 3.5mm headphone port and on the right side you’ll find the volume rocker and power button.. Whilst it’s made of plastic it certainly feels like it could take a bit of. does creek a little when you apply a bit of pressure to it. but after all it’s plastic so there isn’t much to say here.. The only speaker is the actual ear piece around the front of the phone. Now I suspect this a cost cutting measure, but it is quite nice as it means that it is a front facing speaker which means rarely is it. You may think that it may be to loud when making an actual phone call but it’s not, it does get loud when on speaker phone and whilst using it for media volume however.. came into this expecting very little from this device due to fact that it had only had 512mb RAM but I was really quite surprised. At first I left the animation speed at the original speed and it was very usable, very pleasant. It can only hold a few apps for multitasking, before it starts to slow down. but then again it only has 512mb of RAM so you can not expect too much really. After changing the animation to 0.5x it made the device feel a hell of lot faster. which is always a welcome sensation.. This phone only has a rear facing camera coming in at 2MP so you can’t really expect much and I have to say it it’s about as useful as a bike with a flat tyre. If you need to take a quick picture of “some” quality then. So as previously mentioned the First 7 has a. 3.5inch TFT Panel with a resolution of. Sure the colors aren’t great and the viewing angles are. again just okay but for £25 it is actually pretty good. If you were to buy this as your daily driver you wouldn’t be doing much besides texting and a bit of social media. As I mentioned with the Smart Prime 7, it uses a near stock version of Android albeit Lollipop this time round and not Marshmallow which is on the Prime 7. You do have the option to use a different launcher (which is pre-installed), that makes it easier for people who think that stock Android is too hard to use such as senior citizens or those using a smartphone other than iOS for the first time.. It does make icons bigger really.. So for the testing of the battery I did the same as with the Prime 7.. Monday I’m in college between 9am-3:15pm an Tuesday I am college between 9am-5:30pm.. On these days I mostly streaming music through Spotify and podcasts through PocketCasts, as well as general social media, Slack and the occasional YouTube video. and Thursday, I am at work for between 3 – 4 hours a day. In this use case I am rarely using my phone and using it when I get home. As you can see the First 7 did better on Tuesday then on Monday. Why I’m unsure but at least I didn’t have to plug it. in whilst I was out though I do carry the. EasyAcc PB10000 (click here to see my review) or the. (click here to see my review) or at times both, so it wouldn’t have been an issue.. So whilst I didn’t have enough time to benchmark the battery, I did benchmark the device itself. Whilst you may think that only scoring 353 and 1082 are bad scores, remember that this a £25 phone. When you think about it, actually that isn’t too bad.. So round it all off, whilst this will not win an award for being the best smartphone out there it only costs £25 and taking that in to consideration you do actually get a pretty good device. Whilst I’m unsure as to who this phone is aimed at due to it being so small, it still doesn’t change my opinion of it. Tourists possibly due to it being so cheap? All I know is if I was with Vodafone and I broke my daily driver and I needed a device quickly, I wouldn’t hesitate to run into a store and pick one up.. Despite the fact it has no LTE.. I am certainly looking forward to seeing what Vodafone have to offer in the future.. Tags Android budget first 7 Lollipop smart vodafone. Techie, Biker, Gamer, RC Stockcar racer. Honor View 10 Review – Mostly Killer, Some Filler. Honor 7X Review: Almost Perfect… Almost.. Blackberry Motion Review : Good, but not impressive. Sony Xperia XZ1 Review: Actually, This Is Quite Nice. problem with Mobile, it’s not that their devices suck, they’re actually …. When asked if I wanted to review the Honor 6A I said yes, hell yes. Sep 4, 2016 at 10:18 pm. Whats the deal with a ! Mark on the signal bar. Sep 14, 2016 at 4:24 pm. That ! mark usually signifies that it has obtained a signal but it’s too low to actually deliver the specific band it’s connected to.. Nov 20, 2016 at 8:54 pm. I have one of these and i only paid £14.99 from vodafone and i agree with chris in the review but it can do more especialy when it comes gaiming its not sluggish if you play the right games but i play final fantasy after years fully rendered 3d and doesnt lag one bit i also play sid meirs civilisation revolution 2 no lag evoland champman 17 pokemon go and hitman go all with no problems at all its a good phone for the price well worth it. Jan 3, 2017 at 9:20 am. Just been given one of these for Xmas by my son. He couldn’t take the sight of me using my trusty 16yr old basic cell phone, a previous Xmas present from my son. Must say this is very exciting for me and even an old fogy like me found setting up not too bad. Not helped by not being able to get a cell phone signal at the house. Only took 3 days, and lots of visits to the local pub for advice. Sent the first text in my life yesterday. For the cost of this new I don’t think anyone can fault it. As an entry level smart phone, it suits me. Jan 5, 2017 at 10:11 am. Glad to see your having a good time with it. With my main phone way more powerful than this I was blown away with it. Battery was amazing for me but then again I probably have heavier user than you so you should get over a day easily.. Jun 10, 2017 at 9:00 pm. look where can u get a smart phone 4 17 quid it does what it says in the manual gr8 mob highly recommended don’t b a mug paying 100s 4 mobs wen u can get better 4 17. Jun 11, 2017 at 3:37 pm. Is it possible to take a selfie with this phone?. Jul 9, 2017 at 7:52 am. Yes you can take a selfie as you can switch from rear to front facing camera.. Jul 23, 2017 at 7:06 pm. There is NO front facing camera.. Jul 25, 2017 at 1:24 pm. To do this you would have to turn the phone around so the rear camera is gacing you and take the picture with out looking at the screen. The original way of taking selfies. Jul 13, 2017 at 4:41 pm. The battery doesn’t last four hours and the microphone is at the bottom, meaning I have to constantly tilt the damn thing to be able to hear and be heard.. HTF did this model even make it past the blueprint stage?!. Jul 14, 2017 at 8:39 am. It’s £25…it’s not going to cause the Galaxy S8 any issues in terms of King of the Hill is it? For the price we thought it was pretty good.. Aug 5, 2017 at 2:26 am. I brought this phone today from Sainsburys because i need to have a mobile with me at all times due to a medical condition and my other mobile in for repair. When i got home and went to charge it i found out that it didn’t have a battery with it. When i looked at the box for what box contained it dosen’t list a battery it does list a headset in the contents i think a battery would be more helpful so i could use the phone. Sainsburys also doesn’t mention in the info card displayed with the phone that it doesn’t come a battery. I am still without a phone as unable to get battery today.. Aug 7, 2017 at 2:58 pm. I would suggest this is a very isolated issue. Jan 28, 2018 at 2:33 am. After an update which I allowed, the phone says “com.android.phone has stopped working”. I tried resetting factory process but, what happens is different. I get no option to reset. What happens is after I have typed in SIM PIN Number {which it accepts} another screen comes up asking me for my PIN Number and I retype the same PIN Number and I hit the ok button, NOTHING happens. That second PIN asking screen stays forever and will NOT go away.. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Notify me of follow-up comments by email.. Notify me of new posts by email.. Massdrop NuForce EDC3 IEM Quick Review. Watch Hands On With The Huawei Matebook X Pro - MWC2018. Massdrop NuForce EDC3 IEM Quick Review. © Copyright 2018, All Rights Reserved. 
Menu Android iOS Reviews Features How-to About Contact us YouTube Podcast Social Instagram Feed Facebook Twitter. Vodafone Smart first 7 – Review. Leigh Geary July 4, 2016. It’s all bonkers isn’t it? This, as I’ve said before, is an Android phone that would’ve cost you £100 only a very short time ago. Now you can purchase a smartphone for a mere £20.. Let’s get some things out the way. Let’s not beat around the bush. It’s going to get someone on the first rung of the smartphone ladder. It has the same specs that a £100 smartphone from a few years ago would’ve had. A 3.5″ HVGA 320×480 pixel screen. 4GB of on-board storage (which drops down to 1.31GB out of the box thanks to “stuff”) and there’s a microSD card slot for more.. It’s a dinky thing, measuring in a 114.4mm x 62.8mm. It’s 12mm thick and if you’re used to “normal” sized smartphones you’ll have to alter the way you hold this because it’s not as tall. It’s available in black, white and red. There’s GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth 4.0 and a 1400mAh battery with… 512MB of memory.. Get any preconceptions out of your head about playing resource-heavy games or … look. If you’re a fan of tech and you visit this site to get your gadget kicks, go … go now. I can’t get too excited about it. The screen is a bit cramped, you can’t view it from any angle which isn’t directly in front and there’s a quad core 1.3GHz “Spreadtrum” CPU pushing things along as best it can.. The camera is a 2 megapixel unit and it’s fixed focus. Stuff is blurry and a bit hit-and-miss. Don’t even think about low-light photos. Auto-brightness detection for the screen? No way.. Let’s start at the back of the phone. This entire panel pops off to give you access to the battery. The handset is designed by vodafone and there’s a hole for the camera along with a grippy rear panel to stop you dropping it. Inside, with the codename “VFD 200”, this has two slots – one for the microSD card and one for the SIM.. The front is a bit of a fingerprint magnet. I mean sure, I had a bag of crisps a few hours ago, but I’ve washed my hands since then. Perhaps it was those Monster Munch. They tend to “stick” with you don’t they? Especially the pickled onion ones. The front, despite the fairly small screen, isn’t too badly styled. The right side is where you’ll find the power button and the volume controls. There’s a grey strip running arund the edge of the phone. This button arrangement is a design theme you’ll see carried across the other “Vodafone Smart” handsets in the range.. At the bottom is your microUSB port and a microphone, nothing on the left but a 3.5mm port up top.. Here’s a video overview for you. The OS is filled with a lot of what you’d expect and the setup isn’t too painful either. A gallery system, clock, Chrome browser, Contacts management (which will sync with your Google account) and all the other Google apps (Maps, Photos, Movies and Hangouts etc) are here too.. Vodafone have also added a bit of help via a Tips system which guides you through the various aspects of the phone. This is useful if you’re a new Android user. Vodafone have also put their “Start” system to deliver / promote various Vodafone services (Spotify, Sky Sports Mobile etc), an Updates system, a My Vodafone account system and accessories which will show you … errr.. accessories that you can purchase for the phone. There’s also a Vodafone messaging system which, as we’ve seen before, delivers a “WhatsApp style” experience letting you send multimedia messages.. The phone also has an FM radio and, like other Android kit, will let you alter the ringtone, backdrop, lock screen etc. You can make it your own and drag icons, shortcuts and widgets onto the main screen(s).. It’s fixed focus and the range of options within the camera app are basic to say the least. The gallery system gets the rotation all wrong, as you can see here... They look better on the screen here than the phone, if that helps any... This was one of the better shots.. I need to do the fence panels.. “Misty” is probably a good way to describe this.. Don’t ask me what’s going on here. The “Richer Sounds” sign is in perfect focus, but the car is blurry – I think because it’s moving.. £20 on Pay As You Go. That’s mad isn’t it really? Whether you’re buying this for an elderly relative, for someone who isn’t fussed on the “smart” bits of a phone or just as a backup / travel phone that you want to keep for the “just in case” scenarios, it’ll do that.. If you use a Samsung Galaxy handset, or an iPhone, you’re going to look at this and say that yes, the camera is bobbins, the processor is slow and the screen is small. But your phone probably cost £500-£600. This costs about the same as the taxi home from the pub. Chuck it in a suitcase, take it on holiday. Use it as a work phone if you’re a builder or you’re continually dropping your precious top-end smartphone.. When we get down to the nitty-gritty, it’s a cheap smartphone. It’ll let you send and receive your messages (whether that be through WhatsApp, Facebook or whatever), it’ll let you browse the web and keep in touch. Sure, it’s a bit slow and the gallery didn’t seem to show my photos in the right orientation but… £20 dude. It's all bonkers isn't it? This, as I've said before, is an Android phone that would've cost you £100 only a very short time ago. Now you can purchase a smartphone for a mere £20. Let's get some things out the way. Let's not beat around the bush. It's going to get someone on the first rung of the smartphone ladder. It has the same specs that a £100 smartphone from a few years ago would've had. A 3.5" HVGA 320x480 pixel screen. 4GB of on-board storage (which drops down to 1.31GB out of the box thanks to "stuff") and there's a microSD card slot for more. It's a dinky thing, measuring in a 114.4mm x 62.8mm. It's 12mm thick and if you're used to "normal" sized smartphones you'll have to alter the way you hold this because it's not as tall. It's available in black, white and red. There's GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth 4.0 and a 1400mAh battery with... Get any preconceptions out of your head about playing resource-heavy games or ... If you're a fan of tech and you visit this site to get your gadget kicks, go ... I can't get too excited about it. The screen is a bit cramped, you can't view it from any angle which isn't directly in front and there's a quad core 1.3GHz "Spreadtrum" CPU pushing things along as best it can. The camera is a 2 megapixel unit and it's fixed focus. Stuff is blurry and a bit hit-and-miss. Don't even think about low-light photos. Auto-brightness detection for the screen? No way. Let's start at the back of the phone. This entire panel pops off to give you access to the battery. The handset is designed by vodafone and there's a hole for the camera along with a grippy rear panel to stop you dropping it. Inside, with the codename "VFD 200", this has two slots - one for the microSD card and one for the SIM. The front is a bit of a fingerprint magnet. I mean sure, I had a bag of crisps a few hours ago, but I've washed my hands since then. Perhaps it was those Monster Munch. They tend to "stick" with you don't they? Especially the pickled onion ones. The front, despite the fairly small screen, isn't too badly styled. The right side is where you'll find the power button and the volume controls. There's a grey strip running arund the edge of the phone. This button arrangement is a design theme you'll see carried across the other "Vodafone Smart" handsets in the range. At the bottom is your microUSB port and a microphone, nothing on the left but a 3.5mm port up top. Vodafone Smart first 7 – Review. Vodafone Smart first 7 – Review. 70 % Vodafone Smart first 7 Review. The screen isn't too crisp and the camera isn't great at all. But it'll cost less than your taxi home from the pub.. ZTE Axon 7 hands on - MWC Shanghai. Share: Facebook Twitter Pinterest Linkedin Google+ Email. Coolsmartphone Podcast 222 Porgi Intervention [Read More...]. Podcast: Play in new window. Subscribe: Apple Podcasts | Android | RSS. DJI Mavic Air unboxing video and first impressions. Honor 9 Lite – Video review. VAVA MOOV 28 Wireless Sports Earphones – Review. Huawei Watch 2 (4G) – Review. EBox T8 V TV box – Review. PrimAcc Qi Quick Wireless Charging Stand – Review. Honor 9 vs Honor 9 Lite – The camera test… and a rant. People are still using their phones at the wheel. Why fighting them isn’t exactly straightforward.. Video Downloader Samsung Galaxy S9 Release Date is sooner than you think!. 
Vodafone Smart first 7 - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 ». My dad got me this for a first phone but it was completely trash because i changed the password and it didnt let me do anything. To me this is a small phone that cant do anything as it i sonly 3G so it cant connect to many internet sources so i couldnt use whatsapp and frequently didnt pick up calls or messages until after a week. I do not reccommend this to anyone looking for a smartphone. I bought this phone as a cheap fitness tracker. A few small games, books, radio and news apps. It was so good I bought for my sons to play games on. Best of all is, nobody gets hurt if they break as they are so cheap.. Android 5.1?! The Samsung Galaxy S4 goes up to Android 5.0.1 WITHOUT installing a custom ROM!. In my opinion the vodafone smart first 7 is an annoying little phone which intermittently deletes my contacts, opens apps which I have not requested and has a very unresponsive screen. Also continues to claim that the internal memory is full despite me adding a 6gig memory card. The one plus for the vsf7 is that for such a small phone it plays movies very well with good resolution and sound. If I could give one piece of advice, maybe check out models in a higher price range as the old adage goes, you get what you pay for.. good day pls my voda phone just show sim permanently locked don't know wat to do. jashwant sheth, 29 Aug 2017 i got a new vodafone smart 7 but i cant fine users guide or manual as i dont know hoe it i... i got a new vodafone smart 7 but i cant fine users guide or manual as i dont know hoe it is working,pl.help me to this manual. Grenouille, 29 Jun 2017 No, you cannot rotate the screen - this phone does not have an accelerometer.. This is a great phone for the price i bought a brand new one for 15 quid and i was surprised with how good it is... It can be a bit slow and the camera is hopeless but if you want a phone for texting calling and srolling social media its Perfect. I can't transfer data from internal memory to sd card... Therefore I can't Di important updates.... clarejt, 14 Feb 2017 this is the worst phone I have ever owned. it can't connect to the internet and it is missing ... more Yup, it's a downgrade if you previously had a Smart First 6.. Anonymous, 21 Jun 2017 Can it rotate tha screen No, you cannot rotate the screen - this phone does not have an accelerometer. Maps will not show direction phone is being held in. Apps that involve tilting the phone will not work. cool phone gettin one from asda 17 pounds cheap-ass phone mice monies. Anonymous, 08 Feb 2017 having trouble on how to delete photos help Got to the photo you want to delete at the top it will have the sign to share then next to it is the Bluetooth sign & finally 3 dot's on top of each other click on that & the delete option will come up. I thought this w ahahahah i love android 5.0?. selfiecchi, 15 May 2016 if it has at least 4g, it could be my hotspot/secondary/emergency backup phone it's hsdpa only.. i cannot connect to the internet, please assist. Pages: 1 2 ». Total of 38 user reviews and opinions for Vodafone Smart first 7 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Vodafone Smart Mini Vodafone Smart first 6 alcatel Pixi 4 (4) alcatel Pixi 4 (5) Vodafone Smart prime 7 Samsung Z2. Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8. 
Find out more on our cookies page .. To accept this and continue using the site, press Accept & continue.. From getting your kit home to setting it up, we can help.. When something goes wrong with your kit, we can pick up the pieces.. Whatever life throws at you, we'll protect your most important kit.. From upgrades to trade-ins, we can save you time and money.. Vodafone Smart First 7 - setting it up. In this guide, we'll go through the Setup of your phone with you, making sure everything is covered for you to start using your Vodafone Smart First 7.. Vodafone Smart First 7 User Manual. If you're looking for the official user manual for your Vodafone Smart First 7, you can find it here. Inserting your SIM & memory cards. Completing the Smart First 7 Setup Wizard. When you open the box, here's what you'll find:. Inserting your SIM & memory cards. The first thing you'll need to do with your phone is to get the SIM card in. Your Smart First 7 uses a MicroSIM, and you can increase its storage by adding a MicroSD card. You need to put both into the back of the phone, so you'll have to take the back cover off first.. On the back of the phone, on the bottom-right edge is a notch in the casing. Use your thumbnail in this to prise the back cover away from the phone.. Slide the MicroSIM into the housing in the bottom left of the phone, with the metal contacts facing down, and the cut-off corner going in first.. If you're using a MicroSD card, slide it into the right-hand slot, again with the metal contacts facing down.. Put the battery in, using the metal contacts to line it up.. Put the back cover on, and then press around the edges to secure it in place.. With everything in, press and hold the power button on the on the left-hand edge of the phone for a few seconds until it starts to turn on.. Completing the Smart First 7 Setup Wizard. When you turn on your phone for the first time, it will show the 'Setup Wizard', which is a series of steps that'll guide you through getting the phone ready to use.. On the welcome screen, choose the language you want to use, and tap the. that you want to connect to, or tap. to set up the phone without Wi-Fi.. If you're connecting, type the password for the network, and press. The password can normally be found on your router.. If you have a Google account, which you'll need if you want to do things like downloading new apps, type it in and press. To set up the phone without one, tap. If you're signing in, type your password and press. You'll have to agree to Google's 'Terms of Service' and 'Privacy Policy'. Tap to read them, and then tap. You might be asked to add some payment info to your account, which'll let you buy things from the Play Store. To add some, choose a payment type, then press. You'll be asked if you want to add a screen lock to your phone - we'll cover it in more detail later in the guide, so tap. Read through the Google services, which cover things like backing up your phone or using its location for things like maps.. Keep the boxes ticked for the ones you want to use, then tap. To use the 'Simple Home screen', which is aimed at new smartphone users, tap the. To turn on 'Help Tips' which will pop-up to show you how to do things on the phone, tap the. You've finished the Setup Wizard, and will be looking at the Home screen. The bottom row of icons is for some of the most used apps on the phone: Phone, Messages, Chrome and Camera. In the middle is the Apps button, which will show you all the other apps on the phone.. At the bottom of the phone are the touchscreen buttons, which will help you to get around the phone.. 'Back' (triangle): takes you back a screen, or closes an app.. 'Home' (circle): takes you back to the Home screen.. 'Recent apps' (square): shows apps you've had open, so you can swap between them.. Your phone will need an internet connection to do things like downloading apps, connecting to email, or going on websites. It can be connected using Wi-Fi or mobile data, and we'll go through these options in this part of the guide.. button on the Home screen, then tap. Wi-Fi , and make sure it's turned on using the. Type in the password for it, and press. The password can normally be found on a sticker on your router.. If it's worked, you'll see the word 'Connected' underneath the Wi-Fi, and your phone will show the Wi-Fi signal bars at the top of the screen.. Turning mobile data on or off. for 'Mobile data' is turned on.. If your phone has any problems connecting to mobile data, you might need to put in the 'APN settings' for your network. You can find the settings you'll need it, and how to set them up, in our. Adding your email account to your phone will let you see your inbox, write new emails, and your phone will let you know whenever new ones come in.. + Add account , and choose the type of account you want to add. For work or school accounts, tap. Exchange , or for personal accounts, tap. If you're adding a personal account, tap your account provider (Hotmail, Yahoo etc.) or tap. Type in your email address, and tap. Type in your password, and press. You might be given some account options, such as how often to check for new messages. Choose the options you want to use, and tap. Type a name for the account, and type your name at the bottom.. Your account is added, and you can get to it by opening the. If your phone can't download your email settings, you might need to type them in. You can find the ones you'll need in our. guide to email server settings .. Setting up a screen lock on your Smart First 7 will help to keep your photos, messages and other data safe. In this chapter, we'll go through the different options you can have for the lock screen.. Pattern: draw a unique pattern on the screen. Password: a code that can be made up of numbers and letters.. screen lock , and pick the type you want to use.. Draw or type your code, then tap. Choose which notifications you'd like to see on the lock screen, and tap. Your screen lock is set and you'll be asked for it whenever you want to unlock your phone.. Your phone is set up, and ready for you to start using it. If you'd like some help with some of the phone basics, such as making calls or sending texts, read our. Vodafone Smart First 7 User Guide.. Or if you'd like some help from our Team Knowhow Experts, you can get in touch with us. If you've got an issue with any of your kit, our experts are on-call to help 24/7 - in-store, at home, or over the phone.. When your kit's fully broken, you need it fixed fast. Our accredited experts will get you back up and running in no time.. Available in-store, online, at home and over the phone.. Team Knowhow, PO Box 1686, Sheffield, S2 5YB. DSG Retail Limited (registered in England and Wales, number 504877) and The Carphone Warehouse Limited (registered in England and Wales, number 2142673) trading as Team Knowhow, 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS. 
The maximum number of products that can be compared is 4. This item has been successfully added to your wish list.. We use cookies to make sure your customer experience runs smoothly.. By continuing your shopping journey we will assume you accept the use of cookies. For more information please check our cookie policy. A to Z Index (access key 3). Terms & Conditions (access key 8). Access key details (access key 0). Suggested site content and search history menu. Search by Keyword or Item No. Search by Keyword or Item No. Key Features: • 3.5'' touchscreen • 2MP camera • 4GB internal memory. Operating System Version: Android 5.1.X Lollipop. Number of Display Colours: 16 Millions. Photo Resolution Height in Pixel: 1200. Photo Resolution Width in Pixel: 1600. Number of SIM Card Slots: 1. Please allow 3-7 days for delivery. Please allow 3-7 days for delivery. Please allow 3-7 days for delivery. Calls cost 13p per minute plus your phone company's access charge.. Personalise your 1st Vodafone Smart First 7 - You can personalise 0 zone on this item.... Would you like to add free personalisation to this item?. 
Back Up Every Byte On Your Device. How-To: Root VODAFONE Smart First 7. Ready to root your Smart First 7? Thanks to One Click Root, rooting has never been safer, easier, or faster. When we called our software “One Click” Root, we really meant it!.. Four Easy Steps to Root Your VODAFONE Smart First 7. How To Root VODAFONE Smart First 7 In Minutes. Download and install One Click Root. Connect your Android to your computer. Run One Click Root and let the software. One Click Root Devices VODAFONE Vodafone Smart first 7. Spice up Your Vodafone Smart first 7‘s Total Performance. Anyone who thinks smartphones are all just too damn expensive and unaffordable because nowadays you can have a smartphone that squarely fits your budget without going too low on the specs. Obviously, the newly-launched Vodafone Smart Prime 7 is only for £75 and the Vodafone Smart First 7 for a staggering £25 on pay as you go, no excuses at all.. The Vodafone Smart Prime 7 , which is a successor to the Vodafone Smart Prime 6, is better equipped, with a 3.5 inches TFT TN capacitive touchscreen, delivering a 320 x 480 pixels (~165 ppi pixel density) display resolution. It runs on Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop) with Spreadtrum SC7731G chipset, powered by Quad-core processor clocked at 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 and paired with Mali-400MP2 GPU. It bears 512MB of RAM and 4GB of internal storage which is expandable through a microSD card of up to 64GB. It also features 2MP primary camera with geo-tagging feature. Sadly, there ‘s no selfie snapper camera that you can enjoy.. However, there ‘s WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS, Radio, and USB for connectivity options. The smartphone as well is backed by a removable Li-Ion 1400 mAh battery that can last up to 5 hours talk time on 3G. Nevertheless, those are some incredibly basic specs for a smartphone for that specific price range, so you wouldn ‘t expect great performance from it though, but for £25 it could potentially be useful as a spare or backup device; it has some good potentials and upgradable basics.. When it comes to giving your device a boost in speed, power, and memory as well as cleaning it from bloats such as unwanted pre-installed apps, a geekly thing called rooting is the ultimate solution which you don ‘t need to spill more money. Rooting is the Android equivalent to jailbreaking. It ‘s a method of unlocking the operating system enabling the user to customize the general setup of the device according to their preference and needs. Android rooting is highly beneficial when it comes to device tweaking; it can speed up your processor, lengthen battery, update OS, and expands memory storage capacity. Rooting as well allows the user to de-clutter the unwanted pre-installed apps, games, and annoying ads that pops up in games. You can also add more features to your device as well as changes UI skins and themes of your device. With the rooted device, sky is almost the limit in customization. On the other side, Android rooting can compromise your device ‘s totality and security; it automatically voids warranty, could brick your device, and exposes your device to dangerous and malicious malware and Trojans. Rooting is illegal for the manufacturers that ‘s why warranty is removed upon rooting the device, and this entails that when something goes wrong with your device upon rooting, manufacturers are no longer in care of your device. Thankfully, there ‘s One Click Root that offers the best, simplest, and fastest rooting solution that gets you rooted the way you deserve at your own convenient. It ‘s reversible so it ‘s definitely 100% safe. With their provision of technical support, rooting is guaranteed successful in hassle-free and stress-free way. So give your device ‘s functionality a kick of spice, root with One Click Root!. 24/7 Root Support for Your Android. We Support the Following Services and more …. Instantly gain access to your Android’s root files and unlock its full potential.. Don’t like rooted Android? We can unroot your device with one click.. We can repair annoying Android problems and fix your device.. Installing ROMs can be difficult and complicated. Want the best root-only apps? We’ll install them for you.. Speed up your device and free up space by uninstalling bloatware.. We guarantee your Android device will be protected throughout the rooting process. Our certified Android technicians can safely perform a number of different maintenance services. Whether you’re rooting, unrooting, or repairing Android, we will not damage your device or your data in any way. If we cannot safely root your device, we’ll provide a full refund. I called on One Click Root after my own initial attempt for root bricked my LG G4 (H81010o). If you have a new phone running the latest and more challenging software, then I recommend this service. Technician "JJ" helped me and was a smooth and very capable professional. Rarely do I pay for tech support or make endorsements so purchase with confidence, these folks are legit!. Just had a fantastic experience during an expert session to root my phone with Virgil! Honestly, appreciate his patience, problem solving skills along with his willingness to help. Really looking forward to use this software moving on, and definitely recommending to others. I had a great experience with JJ helping me to root my phone. The Samsung Galaxy S4 is a hard phone to root and took a few attempted, but everything worked out. Just wanted to say thank you very much to JJ, he spent several hours wrestling with my tablet, was polite throughout, helpful, informative and wouldn't give up. A credit to his employers, and should be given a pat on the back, well done 🙂. JJ and everyone at this company (Sean, Camille, Michelle, Alex) are AWESOME!!!!! Thanks so much for your help!!!. Need Help? We’re always here for you. One Click Root is committed to providing superior Android maintenance services. We are always available via live chat and by phone. We love our customers and our customers love us back. In addition, our site features thousands of how-to articles and a deep knowledge base filled with information about your Android device.. Jailbreak Your iPhone / iPad: One Click Jailbreak. Root Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Root Samsung Galaxy S5 Root Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Root Samsung Galaxy S4 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 Root Samsung Galaxy S6 Root Samsung Galaxy S3 Root Kindle Fire Root ale-l21 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 PLUS. SM-J327AZ SM-J321AZ SM-J320F SM-J320M/DS SM-J320F/DS SM-J320F/DD SM-J3109 SM-J320H/DS SM-J320A SM-J320AZ. Copyright © 2018 One Click Root. 
Vodafone Smart First 7 Unlock Code. When you make an order of a Vodafone Smart First 7 unlock code, we will send you the code by email along with a set of instructions on how to use it. In most cases you only need to insert the SIM card you want to use and the cell phone will prompt for the unlock code („Enter unlock code” or „SIM Network Unlock PIN”).. If your phone does not ask for the code and there is no input field to enter the unlock code, please request our customer support before starting the ordering process. Feel free to contact us, we will gladly respond you within less than 12 hours.. Pick the country your Vodafone Smart First 7 is locked to. Attention! Pick the Current Network your device is locked to, NOT the network you want to use. Easy instructions on how to Unlock Vodafone Smart First 7. Why should I order an Unlock code for my Vodafone Smart First 7?. Easily migrate to another service provider. Get more money if you sell your phone. Safest method to unlock your phone. Here at UnlockRadar.com it's so easy to unlock Vodafone devices, you don't even need technical skills to do it. As easy as dialing a phone number. Below there's a step-by-step guide, meant to walk you through the process:. Select the country and the service provider your phone is locked to, then check the price.. Send us the IMEI of your phone and proceed to checkout. To find the IMEI number, type *#06# on your device keyboard.. Enter your name, a valid email address and complete the order. A confirmation email will be sent to you after we receive the payment.. We will send the unlock code on your email. Usually it's a 8 or 16 digit number, but in some cases it may be a complete set of codes. You only need the first one, the NCK.. Insert the SIM card of another network operator and enter the code you received from us. With an unlocked phone you have the huge advantage of easily changing your network provider and being able to choose a better plan to suit your needs.. You can save hundreds of dollars when traveling abroad if you have an unlocked phone. Just buy a local SIM card and start making calls at local rates, avoiding roaming charges.. Unlocked phones tend to have higher resale prices than locked phones, and you can easily sell your unlocked device internationally.. IMEI unlock is the safest way to unlock your device, because it uses genuine unlock codes from the manufacturer. No software, no opening your phone's case, no warranty void.. Before you order an Vodafone Smart First 7 unlock code, make sure you follow our requirements checklist:. Be certain that your phone is locked. Try to insert a SIM from a different network and wait for the phone to ask for the unlock. If it doesn't prompt for the code, and you can make a regular call, than your phone is NOT SIM locked.. Be certain that your phone is NOT stolen or blacklisted.. Be certain that your phone is NOT hard locked. If you tried too many times to unlock it before, your handset may be locked forever.. Make sure to give us the correct IMEI and to select the original country and network, NOT the one you want to use.. We will NOT be able to refund your money if our service fails to unlock your device for any of the reasons mentioned before.. After losing several days trying to follow various tutorials on Youtube about how to unlock my phone, I decided then to buy the code. Very good price and quick service. Thanks! The code worked for the Samsung Galaxy S5. It did take a bit longer then they said it would but they clearly noticed me about that so that seems fine to me. Good service! Customer support A+ Good timing, affordable and great service, I'll keep coming back... I got my code very quickly. It was so easy to unlock my phone. A well recommended company I would recommend it to all my friends. 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. 
Sales & Support 020 8901 1751. Bulk Ordering 020 8901 1744 9am - 5pm. Xperia Z3 + / Z3 Plus / Z4. 3 in 1 Multiple USB Braided Cable. Vodafone Smart First 7 Leather Flip Case Cover (Blue). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart First 7 Leather Flip Case Cover (Carbon Black). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart First 7 Leather Flip Case Cover (Green). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart First 7 Leather Flip Case Cover (Hot Pink). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart First 7 Leather Flip Case Cover (Purple). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart First 7 Leather Flip Case Cover (Red). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart First 7 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Black). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart First 7 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Blue). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart First 7 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Carbon Black). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart First 7 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Green). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart First 7 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Hot Pink). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart First 7 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Purple). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart First 7 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Red). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart First 7 S-Line Wave Gel Case Cover (Black). This brilliantly designed gel case incorporates a new flexible gel design and robust protection in one great package. Designed for an active lifestyle you can continue to use your device without remov... Vodafone Smart First 7 S-Line Wave Gel Case Cover (Green). This brilliantly designed gel case incorporates a new flexible gel design and robust protection in one great package. Designed for an active lifestyle you can continue to use your device without remov... Vodafone Smart First 7 S-Line Wave Gel Case Cover (Hot Pink). This brilliantly designed gel case incorporates a new flexible gel design and robust protection in one great package. Designed for an active lifestyle you can continue to use your device without remov... Vodafone Smart First 7 S-Line Wave Gel Case Cover (Purple). This brilliantly designed gel case incorporates a new flexible gel design and robust protection in one great package. Designed for an active lifestyle you can continue to use your device without remov... Vodafone Smart First 7 Shockproof Case Cover (Green). This phone case is made of two parts for ultimate shock proof protection. A hard polycarbonate shell on the outside protects your phone against damage and scratches and a soft shock proof silicone lin... Vodafone Smart First 7 Shockproof Case Cover (Orange). This phone case is made of two parts for ultimate shock proof protection. A hard polycarbonate shell on the outside protects your phone against damage and scratches and a soft shock proof silicone lin... Vodafone Smart First 7 Shockproof Case Cover (Purple). This phone case is made of two parts for ultimate shock proof protection. A hard polycarbonate shell on the outside protects your phone against damage and scratches and a soft shock proof silicone lin... Vodafone Smart First 7 Shockproof Case Cover (Red). This phone case is made of two parts for ultimate shock proof protection. A hard polycarbonate shell on the outside protects your phone against damage and scratches and a soft shock proof silicone lin... Vodafone Smart First 7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector. This tempered glass screen protector is a must-have for anyone prone to constantly dropping their phone. The screen protector fits perfectly to prevent scratches and absorb shocks. Vodafone Smart First 7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector (3 Pack). This tempered glass screen protector is a must-have for anyone prone to constantly dropping their phone. The screen protector fits perfectly to prevent scratches and absorb shocks. Showing 1 to 23 of 23 (1 Pages). We use the best security features. ONX3 has been established since 2008, we are one of the UKs leading retailers for mobile phone accessories and solutions.. We put our success down to responding to what our customers want and offer an extensive range of the latest accessories for the latest phone models, teamed with an world class customer care team who will look after you through every stage of the transaction.. Thanks to ONX3's excellent relationship with our suppliers we can provide our customers with a large range of over 10,000 products and the most competitive prices around.. Stay up to date with news and promotions by signing up for our weekly newsletter. Sales & Support 020 8901 1751. Copyright © 2014, ONX3, All Rights Reserved. Website Developed by: Kodxpert Web Services. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of over 7,000 results for "Vodafone Smart First 7". ONX3® ( Pack Of 1 ) Vodafone Smart First 7 Case Custom Made Tempered Glass Crystal Clear LCD Screen Protectors Packs With Polishing Cloth & Application Card. C0843 - Cool Fun Funny Keyboard Penguin Music Design Vodafone Smart first 7 Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. Onite 16G Blue CoolFlash 2 in 1 OTG Micro USB Flash Drive Disk for Samsung Galaxy S7 S5 S4 S3 S2, Tab, Note 4 3 2, LG L9 K8 K7, G4 G3, Lumia 920, Moto G5 G4 G. Galaxy S7, J5, Huawei P9 Lite, Wileyfox Swift 2, Vodafone Smart First 7 .... 125 - Buddha God Religious Belief Love & Peace Design Vodafone Smart first 7 Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. Original Kingston 16GB Micro SD Card for Vodafone Smart First 7. Product Description Original Kingston 16GB Micro SD Card for Vodafone Smart First 7 - 16 GB. STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / Italy/Monza Design / F1 Track Flag Collection. Protective Pink PU Leather Slip Carry Case Suitable for the Vodafone Smart First 7 - by DURAGADGET. STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / Hawk/Eagle Design / Animal Faces Collection. London Gadget Store Vodafone Smart First 7 / Vf200 - New Bright Printed Wallet Case Cover Creative Fresh Pattern Design With Integrated Stand Butterfly Breeze. STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / Battle is Building Design / FN Battle Royale Collection. Product Features Compatible With: Vodafone Smart First 7. STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / Chalk/Cue Design / Snooker Collection. Vodafone Smart First 7 Case Cover, CaseFirst Flip Wallet Case PU Leather Back Cover with Card Slot Stand Wallet Slim Case for Vodafone Smart First 7 (Blue). designed for Vodafone Smart First 7. Vodafone Smart First 7 Case Cover, CaseFirst Flip Wallet Case PU Leather Back Cover with Card Slot Stand Wallet Slim Case for Vodafone Smart First 7 (Red). designed for Vodafone Smart First 7. Vodafone Smart First 7 Case Cover, CaseFirst Flip Wallet Case PU Leather Back Cover with Card Slot Stand Wallet Slim Case for Vodafone Smart First 7 (Brown). designed for Vodafone Smart First 7. Vodafone Smart First 7 Case Cover, CaseFirst Flip Wallet Case PU Leather Back Cover with Card Slot Stand Wallet Slim Case for Vodafone Smart First 7 (Hot Pink). designed for Vodafone Smart First 7. Vodafone Smart First 7 Case Cover, CaseFirst Flip Wallet Case PU Leather Back Cover with Card Slot Stand Wallet Slim Case for Vodafone Smart First 7 (Black). designed for Vodafone Smart First 7. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
The next video is starting stop. Vodafone Smart First 7 | Full Review | £20 Flagship Killer?!. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. The victims of our system are told thousands of expensive things are needed 100% - get the barebones and try to enjoy life instead :) If you don't think people would work without the profit motive this video explains a scientific observation study showing the opposite: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3U6tE... This channel aims to help uncover the veil of unimaginable evil. Each year we torture then brutally murder 150 billion totally innocent animals for us to digest diseases, toxicate our water then give 1/3 of our precious fresh water to the deliberated farmed animals, release more co2 and methane into the air than all transport combined then to contribute 92% of all rainforest deforestation. Act before it's too late people. Strava: Just Another Carbed Up Vegan Music: Afrakite - Carry Us Editor/creation: Tarquin Rainbow O'Sullivan (TheVeganSocialist). When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. The cheapest Android phone? - Vodafone Smart First 7 Review. Vodafone Smart Mini 7 - Review: The Ultimate Budget Smartphone?. VODAFONE SMART FIRST 7 / VODAFONE VFD 200 UNLOCK CODE READER. Box opening: Vodafone Smart first 7. Vodafone Smart Mini 7 vs Vodafone Smart First 6. Dropping the iPhone 7 Plus From The World's Tallest Building (829 meters). Vodafone Smart Mini 7 Unboxing and Setup. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Hands-On deutsch. The First iPhone 7 Battery Case With Headphone Jack. Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 review: Still one of the best budget phones?. Vodafone Smart prime 7 vs Vodafone Smart first 7: Power on/off test. Best cheap mobiles 2016: Vodafone Smart Prime 7 vs LG K4 vs Motorola Moto E. Unboxing the Vodafone Smart Mini 7. Worlds Cheapest Smartphone? - Vodafone First 7 Unboxing. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for vodafone smart first 7. All Listings - Current page. results for vodafone smart first 7. Save vodafone smart first 7 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow vodafone smart first 7 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. FOR Vodafone Smart Prime 7/6 Tempered Glass 3D Premium HD Screen Protector Film. For Vodafone Smart E8 N8 V8 Smart 7 Phone Leather Wallet Pouch Bag Case Cover. Wallet Flip PU Leather Phone Case Cover For Vodafone Smart Prime 6/7 N8 V8 E8. Genuine Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Vodafone Smart E8 V8 N8 prime 7 ZY6. For Vodafone smart first 7 VF200 Flip PU Leather Slim Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. For Vodafone smart first 7 VF200 PU Leather Case Flip Wallet Cover (9 Colors). For Vodafone Smart Mini 7/TURBO7 Tempered Glass Clear Screen Protective Film C3E. For Vodafone Smart First 7 VF200 Luxury Clover Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster. For Vodafone smart first 7 VF200 Flip PU Leather Slim Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart First 7 - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. For Vodafone Smart First 7 - Clip On Fabric / PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart First 7 Magnetic Flip PU Leather Wallet Card Case Stand Cover. For Vodafone Smart First 7 VF200 Crazy Horse Case Cover Flip PU Leather Wallet. For Vodafone Smart First 7 VF200 Luxury Palace Flower PU Leather Case Cover Flip. For Vodafone Smart First 7 VF200 2X Glass Film PU Leather Flip Cover Case Wallet. For Vodafone Smart First 7 VF200 3D Punk Style Rugged PU Leather Case Cover Flip. For Vodafone Smart First 7 VF200 Retro Crocodile PU leather Flip Case Cover Bag. For Vodafone Smart First 7 VF200 Soft TPU Case Cover Butterfly Flowers Rose Star. For Vodafone Smart First 7 VF200 Retro Weave Knit Leather Stand Flip Cover Case. For Vodafone Smart First 7 VF200 Crocodile PU leather Case Flip Cover Card Slot. For Vodafone Smart First 7 - Adjustable Design PU Leather Flip Case. For Vodafone Smart First 7 - Clip Printed Series PU Leather Wallet Case. Soft Pudding TPU Gel Silicone Cover cellphone Case For Cubot / Wiko / Vodafone. For Vodafone Smart First 7 VF200 Crazy Horse Cover Case Flip PU Leather Wallet. For Vodafone Smart First 7 VF200 3D Punk Style Rugged PU Leather Flip Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart First 7 VF200 3D Emboss Cartoon PU Leather Flip Cover Case. For Vodafone Smart Phones Luxury Wallet Leather Case Flip Cover + Screen Guard. Wallet Cartoon Flip PU leather Case For Vodafone Smart First 6 7/Ultra 7/N8/V8. Gym Running Sports Armband Universal Case Holder For Various Smart Mobile Phones. FOR Vodafone Smart Prime 7 100% GENUINE TEMPERED GLASS FILM SCREEN PROTECTOR 9H. For Vodafone Smart First Prime Turbo Mini 6 7 Leopard PU Leather Flip Cover Case. For Vodafone Smart Prime 7/Ultra 7/6 PU Leather Case Shockproof Flip Hard Cover. For Vodafone Smart Phone Prime 6/7 Ultra 6/7 Case Cover PU Leather Flip Wallet. Heavy Duty Gorila Shock Proof Stand Case Cover Military Builder for Mobile Phone. Leather Case Cover Support Window Vodafone Smart First 7 NEW. Flexible Gel TPU Case Cover Vodafone Smart First 7 NEW. 100%Genuine Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector for Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 7 QP. For various phone luxury Wallet card holder Magnetic Leather case cover + stylus. usa leather book case cover support window vodafone smart first 7 (3g) 3.5" TC. Wind Chimes Quicksand Flip PU Leather Wallet Stand Cover Case For Vodafone Model. Angry eyes Litchi Leather wallet flip stand pouch Cover Case For Vodafone. Case Wallet Stand Flip Cover PU Leather Case for Vodafone Cover ~9 Colors. New Shockproof Wallet Flip Leather Case For Vodafone Phones. 9 Colors PU Leather Case Flip Wallet Cover For Vodafone smart first 7 VF200. Shock Proof Heavy Duty Tough Hard Case Cover Stand For Vodafone Smart First 7. For Vodafone Prime Ultra 6 7 Anti-dust Card Holder PU Leather Protective Cover. Wallet Book Flip Leather Case Cover For Vodafone Mobile Phone + Screen Protector. Magnetic Bling Luxury Diamonds Crystal PU Leather wallet flip Slots Cover Case12. #3 NEW Cartoon Flower Leather slots wallet pouch bag cover case with 2 straps C. Magnetic Vertical Flip Leather slot wallet Holder Cover Case Skin. Vodafone Smart N8 E8 V8 first 7 ultra 7 prime 7 Turbo 7. UK free postage + same day dispatch. For VODAFONE SMART FIRST 7✔1ST CLASS POST✔Good Quality. Free Screen Protector + Free Stylus Free Postage. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. Tablet & eBook Cases, Covers & Keyboard Folios. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Box opening: Vodafone Smart first 7. Vodafone Smart Mini 7 - Review: The Ultimate Budget Smartphone?. VODAFONE SMART FIRST 7 / VODAFONE VFD 200 UNLOCK CODE READER. Vodafone Smart Mini 7 vs Vodafone Smart First 6. Vodafone Smart prime 7 vs Vodafone Smart first 7: Power on/off test. Vodafone Smart Mini 7 Unboxing and Setup. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 & Smart First 7 Unboxing & Review. Vodafone Smart First 7 Camera Sample. How To Unlock Vodafone Smart Prime 6, Prime 7, First 6, First 7, Speed 6 and Smart Grand.. How to factory reset smart first 6. The cheapest Android phone? - Vodafone Smart First 7 Review. Insert a sim card into Vodafone Smart Mini 7. Vodafone Smart First 7 First Impression (Specs). Huawei G10 - Introducing Phone - Huawei. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
CHOOSE A MOBILE & COMPARE PRICES. Alcatel Pixi 4 4 Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s 128GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s 16GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s 32GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 128GB Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 128GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 128GB Silver. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 16GB Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 16GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 16GB Silver. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Silver. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 64GB Silver. Apple iPhone 7 128GB (PRODUCT) RED. Apple iPhone 7 128GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 128GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 256GB (PRODUCT) RED. Apple iPhone 7 256GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 256GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 32GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 32GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB (PRODUCT) RED. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Silver. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB (PRODUCT) RED. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Silver. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Silver. Apple iPhone 8 Plus 256GB Gold. Apple iPhone 8 Plus 256GB Silver. Apple iPhone 8 Plus 64GB Gold. Apple iPhone 8 Plus 64GB Silver. Apple iPhone SE 128GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone SE 32GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone SE 64GB Rose Gold. Apple Watch Series 3 38mm Space Grey Aluminium Case with Black Sport Band. Apple Watch Series 3 38mm Stainless Steel Case with Soft White Sport Band. Apple Watch Series 3 42mm Silver Aluminium Case with Fog Sport Band. Apple Watch Series 3 42mm Space Grey Aluminium Case with Black Sport Band. Google Pixel 2 128GB Clearly White. Google Pixel 2 128GB Just Black. Google Pixel 2 64GB Clearly White. Google Pixel 2 64GB Just Black. Google Pixel 2 64GB Kinda Blue. Google Pixel 2 XL 128GB Black White. Google Pixel 2 XL 128GB Just Black. Google Pixel 2 XL 64GB Black White. Google Pixel 2 XL 64GB Just Black. Mobile Broadband USB Modem Stick Black. Mobile Broadband USB Modem Stick White. Motorola Moto G5 16GB Fine Gold. Motorola Moto G5 16GB Lunar Grey. Motorola Moto G5 Plus 32GB Lunar Grey. Samsung Galaxy A3 2017 Peach Cloud. Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 Peach Cloud. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Dual SIM Black. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Dual SIM Gold. Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge 128GB Gold Platinum. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Pink Gold. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Arctic Silver. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Coral Blue. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Dual SIM Black. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Dual SIM Orchid Grey. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Orchid Grey. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Rose Pink. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 2016 7.0. Compare > Mobiles > Vodafone Smart First 7. Vodafone Smart First 7 information ratings and reviews. Click the "contract deals" button above to view and compare deals for contract pay as you go, secondhand and recycle deals and offers Vodafone Smart First 7 News, Reviews, Specifications, Downloads and Videos read real user reviews and view full specifications and when you are ready to by click the Contract Deals button above to find the best deals compared from the whole UK mobile phone market.. Free Vodafone Smart First 7. Back to top Vodafone Smart First 7 Reviews. There are no reviews for the Vodafone Smart First 7 yet.. Rated 0 / 10 from 0 reviews. Why not add your own review for the Vodafone Smart First 7?. Enter me into the competition for a chance to win a phone. There are no Vodafone Smart First 7 reviews yet if you have used this phone before why not be the first to add a review?. Reviewing this mobile phone will help others to decide if the Vodafone Smart First 7 is the best phone for them, you can be as descriptive as you like, describe the features and functions you think are the most useful, remember to include the bad points to, the bits you think could have been better or made simpler perhaps. Add a Vodafone Smart First 7 review.. Home | About us | Privacy & Cookies | Terms of use | Link to us | Contact us | Be compared | Blog. 
By using https://blog.vodafone.co.uk, you're consenting to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy .. Vodafone Social | Official Vodafone UK blog. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn. Home › Vodafone Smart first 7. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. If you or someone you know is looking to dip their toes into the smartphone waters for the first time, there are few better options than the Vodafone Smart first 7. For one thing, it’s our most affordable smartphone on the market at just £25, but on top of that there’s a ream of essential specs that mean Smart first 7 owners don’t need to compromise.. While a lot of modern smartphones are too big for comfortable one-handed use, the Smart first 7 is really pocketable with a 3.5-inch display. There’s a capable 2-Megapixel camera on the back and Android 5.1 underneath, which brings access to the full Google Play app store. But the specs are just the tip of the iceberg.. Knowing that the Smart first 7 is made for people brand new to the world of smartphones, we’ve done everything we can to make it super simple to use. The pure and simple home screen launcher, for instance, strips away the noise of a cluttered home screen by showing only a handful of favourite apps with big, finger-friendly icons.. Then there’s our smart animated tips, which appear onscreen when needed to walk Smart first 7 owners through gestures and actions (pinch-to-zoom, pulling down the notification shade, etc.) that may not be second nature to smartphone newcomers. Keen to learn? A simple swipe to the right of the home screen will pull up a whole dedicated tips section, where you can dive and get to know everything that the Smart First is capable of.. The best bit is that both of these features can be turned off in the settings when they become more confident finding their way around the phone, making it a top phone for newbies to grow into. Expandable storage: Yes, up to 64GB. Operating system: Android 5.1 (Lollipop). Not the right phone? How about the Smart Prime 7? Click here to find out everything you need to know .. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn. @hannahbakesyay Judging by the screenshot Hannah it's a YES from us! 🎉 As for the offer, if it states for existing… https://t.co/dK7vBtFYQl. @InfinitusSteve Strange we'd make this request Steve 🤔 We're happy to look into this and make things easier for the… https://t.co/XdWk8AyFHj. @kennymaclean Such a great tip Kenny 😅 Pia. @DanielKahl1 Oh dear! we're always trying to reward loyalty here at Vodafone 💪 Have you tried looking at our deals… https://t.co/31Im9vbbZn. @hannahbakesyay We're sorry we can't offer fibre at your address as of present Hannah 👎 We'd loved to have had you… https://t.co/haXBjVN9k4. @csd31989 We really don't want to see you go Chris 😭 We'd rather you be eager to stay, is there anything we can do… https://t.co/IRYaFxSewc. Registered office: Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. 
Vodafone - Înapoi la pagina principală. Ascunde conţinutul pentru Servicii şi tarife. Lucrăm la îmbunătăţirea serviciului de chat, pentru ca experienţa ta să fie întotdeauna cea mai bună. Între timp, ne poţi contacta prin chat din aplicaţia MyVodafone sau prin e-mail .. Acest telefon nu mai este in oferta Vodafone. Descoperă produsele similare aflate in stoc.. Ai ales să primesti informaţii când reintră în stoc produsul. Solicitarea a fost trimisă cu succes. îndată ce produsul va reintra in stoc.. Ajutor rapid pentru orice operatie online Ajutor cumparaturi online. Cum cumpar Detalii livrare Cum platesc Detalii comanda. 
Handy guides for your phone, tablet or modem. Vodafone Smart first 7 SE in Black| Pay as you go | Vodafone Ireland. on Vodafone Pay As You Go. Switch your number to Vodafone and get €20 off this phone!. The Smart first 7 SE is a stylish smartphone perfect for on-the-go connectivity, staying in touch with friends and making sure you're always up-to-date. 3.5-inch HGVA display Android 5.1 Lollipop operating system 4GB extendable internal memory. Design and simplicity in a great easy-to-use smartphone. The Vodafone Smart first 7 SE is designed to look great and give you a beautifully simple smartphone experience. With a home screen featuring all your key apps and functionality, and a thinness achieved by use of polished chamfers for a great feel in the hand, the Smart first 7 SE gives you the easiest smartphone experience possible.. With all of your Social Media in mind, the Smart first 7 SE lets you catch up friends and family as well as all latest news straight from your home screen meaning you're always up to date and never out of the loop.. Android Lollipop is tried and tested. Its great quality guarantees you have the future proved device in your hand and with the latest material design the Smart first 7 SE brings a modern look to a whole new price point.. With Google play store you can fully enjoy access to over 1 million apps including WhatsApp, Facebook, Instagram and many more.. Use Google Maps with built in GPS functionality to find your way around, know where you are and check-in or share your location with friends and family on social media.. The Vodafone Smart first 7 SE comes with an FM radio built in, so you'll get music wherever you are. And when you download Google Play Music, you'll have access to thousands of songs at your fingertips.. Apple iPhone 5S 16GB (Like New). Apple iPhone 6 16GB (Like New). Design and simplicity in a great easy-to-use smartphone. The Vodafone Smart first 7 SE is designed to look great and give you a beautifully simple smartphone experience. With a home screen featuring all your key apps and functionality, and a thinness achieved by use of polished chamfers for a great feel in the hand, the Smart first 7 SE gives you the easiest smartphone experience possible.. With all of your Social Media in mind, the Smart first 7 SE lets you catch up friends and family as well as all latest news straight from your home screen meaning you're always up to date and never out of the loop.. Android Lollipop is tried and tested. Its great quality guarantees you have the future proved device in your hand and with the latest material design the Smart first 7 SE brings a modern look to a whole new price point.. With Google play store you can fully enjoy access to over 1 million apps including WhatsApp, Facebook, Instagram and many more.. Use Google Maps with built in GPS functionality to find your way around, know where you are and check-in or share your location with friends and family on social media.. The Vodafone Smart first 7 SE comes with an FM radio built in, so you'll get music wherever you are. And when you download Google Play Music, you'll have access to thousands of songs at your fingertips.. Terms & conditions © 2018 Vodafone Limited. © 2018 Vodafone Ireland Limited, Mountainview, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. By using vodafone.ie, you're consenting to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy .. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 17-32 of over 7,000 results for "Vodafone Smart First 7". STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / Action Pose Design / Black Panther Inspired Collection. Product Features Compatible With: Vodafone Smart First 7. Vodafone Smart First 7 Case Cover, CaseFirst Flip Wallet Case PU Leather Back Cover with Card Slot Stand Wallet Slim Case for Vodafone Smart First 7 (White). designed for Vodafone Smart First 7. Vodafone Smart First 7 Case Cover, CaseFirst Flip Wallet Case PU Leather Back Cover with Card Slot Stand Wallet Slim Case for Vodafone Smart First 7 (Purple). designed for Vodafone Smart First 7. STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / Face Mask Design / Black Panther Inspired Collection. Product Features Compatible With: Vodafone Smart First 7. STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / King & Protector Design / Black Panther Inspired Collection. Product Features Compatible With: Vodafone Smart First 7. STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / Wakanda Forever Design / Black Panther Inspired Collection. Product Features Compatible With: Vodafone Smart First 7. STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / T'Challa Claw Necklace Design / Black Panther Inspired Collection. Product Features Compatible With: Vodafone Smart First 7. STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / Gunmetal Grey Robot Design / Super Hero Helmet Collection. Product Features Compatible With: Vodafone Smart First 7. STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / Red/Gold Robot Design / Super Hero Helmet Collection. Product Features Compatible With: Vodafone Smart First 7. STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / Pink/Silver Robot Design / Super Hero Helmet Collection. Product Features Compatible With: Vodafone Smart First 7. STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / Red/Silver Robot Design / Super Hero Helmet Collection. Product Features Compatible With: Vodafone Smart First 7. STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / Patriot Robot Blue/Red Design / Super Hero Helmet Collection. Product Features Compatible With: Vodafone Smart First 7. STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / Camera Photo Design / Cute Doodle Penguin Collection. Product Features Compatible With: Vodafone Smart First 7. STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / Red Wooly Jumper Design / Cute Doodle Penguin Collection. Product Features Compatible With: Vodafone Smart First 7. STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / Love Hearts Design / Cute Doodle Penguin Collection. Product Features Compatible With: Vodafone Smart First 7. STUFF4 Gel TPU Phone Case / Cover for Vodafone Smart First 7 / Heart Balloon Design / Cute Doodle Penguin Collection. Product Features Compatible With: Vodafone Smart First 7. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Electronics Best Sellers Deals Phones & Accessories TVs & Home Cinema Camera & Photo Audio & HiFi Computers & Accessories Wearable Technology Accessories Car Electronics. Pay As You Go Mobile Phones & Smartphones. view or change your orders in Your Account. see our delivery rates and policies. thinking of returning an item ? (See our Returns Policy ). still have questions? Visit our Help Pages. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid UK postcode.. Please enter a valid UK postcode.. Dispatching to a British Forces Post Office? Change your region to 'UK - BFPO’ below:. Vodafone Smart First 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. #1 Best Seller in Pay As You Go Mobile Phones & Smartphones. & FREE UK Delivery on orders dispatched by Amazon over £20. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Dispatched from and sold by Amazon.. Note: This item is eligible for click and collect. Pick up your parcel at a time and place that suits you. Choose from over 13,000 locations across the UK. Prime members get unlimited deliveries at no additional cost. How to order to an Amazon Pickup Location?. and add it to your address book. Dispatch to this address when you check out. There is a newer model of this item:. Vodafone Smart First 7 SE Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. What you need to know – This product has an IMEI that uniquely identifies it. When we dispatch your order, we will scan the IMEI and add it to the order history. Where the item is not received, Amazon may register the IMEI with loss and theft databases to help prevent any fraudulent use or reselling of the item. This information is shared in accordance with the Amazon.co.uk Privacy Notice. There is no action required from you and the IMEI will only be used for this purpose.. These items are dispatched from and sold by different sellers. This item: Vodafone Smart First 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black £15.00. Sent from and sold by Amazon.. FREE Delivery on orders over £20. Vodafone Smart First 7 Case Custom Made BookStyle PU Leather Wallet Flip With Credit / Debit Card… £2.15. Sent from and sold by Gr8ValuePlus Ltd.. Vodafone Pay As You Go Sim Card £0.01 Add-on Item. Sold by Greentech Distribution PLC and sent from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Delivery on orders over £20. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Vodafone Pay As You Go Sim Card. NEW Vodafone Pay As You Go Triple Cut Sim Card (Standard, Micro & Nano Size) With £5 Credit Preloaded Delivered by Signed For Delivery. Vodafone Alcatel 10.54 Pay As You Go Smartphone Locked to Vodafone Network - Black. (Pack of 1) Vodafone Smart first 7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector Easy Bubble-Free Installation HD Ultra Clear Gorilla glass Hardness 9H Scratch Proof and Heavy Duty shatterproof with Anti Fingerprint Oleo-phobic Coating by SS TECH® (MAY 2016)(Vodafone Smart first 7, Pack of 1). For Vodafone Smart First 7 / VF200 - Hard Silicone Strong Heavy Duty Shock Proof Dual Layer Armour Protective Case Cover with Built-in Stand in BLUE with STYLUS Touch Screen Pen. Vodafone Original Mobiwire Ayasha Pay As You Go Smartphone Locked to Vodafone Network - Black. Instantly receive a £10 Amazon.co.uk Gift Card if you’re approved for the Amazon Platinum Mastercard with Instant Spend. Credit offered by NewDay Ltd, over 18s only, subject to status. 6.3 x 1.2 x 11.4 cm. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; radio; wifi; GPS; flash; face_detection; internet; OLED_display; dual_core_processor; front_camera. GPS; camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; quad_core_processor. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; wifi; GPS; Quad_core_processor; radio; internet. Vodafone Smart First 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. Vodafone Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini VE Pay as you go Handset - Blue. EE Pay As You Go EE Harrier Mini 8 GB Smartphone - Black (Includes GBP10 Pre Loaded Credit, Unlimited Texts, 150 Minutes, 500 MB Data). Vodafone Nokia Lumia 635 Pay as you go Handset - Black. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 1.2 x 6.3 x 11.4 cm. Delivery Destinations: Visit the Delivery Destinations Help page to see where this item can be delivered. Find out more about our Delivery Rates and Returns Policy. Date first available at Amazon.co.uk: 23 Jun. 135 in Electronics & Photo ( See Top 100 in Electronics & Photo ). Electronics & Photo > Phones > Mobile Phones & Communication > Mobile Phones & Smartphones > Pay As You Go Mobile Phones & Smartphones. Electronics & Photo > Portable Sound & Vision. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. Battery Charger USB cable Hands free headset Quick start guide SIM card. Vodafone Smart First 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone - Black.. The Smart First 7 is just 12 mm thin and boasts an up-to-date design. All this adds up to an affordable smart phone with all the features you need.. Thanks to Android 5.1 Lollipop, you can download over 1 million apps from the Google Play Store. So you can enjoy everything from social media favourites like Facebook and Instagram to watching movies and playing games on the go.. Always know where you are with the Smart First 7's GPS you'll find your way around. You can pinpoint your location or check-in and share it on social media with friends and family.. UK coverage for calls, texts and mobile broadband. Network built so that signals from our masts overlap each other. Meaning fewer dropped calls and better mobile broadband, making sure that you get the fastest service possible – even at the busiest times of the day.. Vodafone Smart first 7 comes with Android 5.1 Lollipop, GPS and gives you fast access to your favourite apps and social media – a real smartphone experience at a great value.. The Smart first 7 is just 12 mm thin and boasts an up-to-date design made of the latest materials. All this adds up to a modern looking smartphone with all the features you need.. Thanks to Android 5.1 Lollipop, you can download over one million apps from the Google Play Store. So you can enjoy everything from social media favourites like Facebook and Instagram to watching movies and playing games on the go.. Enjoy more with Vodafone - Earn 10 per cent of your TopUp in Rewards points. With Vodafone Rewards on Pay as you go, you can collect 10 per cent of the value of your TopUp in Rewards points. Collect and redeem your points for a handy accessory, high street voucher or even a new phone.. What do customers buy after viewing this item?. 105 Single SIM Mobile Phone (2017 Edition) - Black. £ 16 00 Amazon Prime. Pay As You Go Sim Card. £ 0 01 Add-on Item. 5 star 42% 4 star 18% 3 star 11% 2 star 7% 1 star 22%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars Great little smartphone. Style: First 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. Took a while to be despatched, but on arrival it's a nice little phone. My 12yo managed to lock herself out of the hand-me-down phone her dad gave her, and he's going to get her a new one for Christmas anyway, but she needed something in the meantime as she walks home from school alone and I wanted her (and me) to feel secure! This wasn't much dearer than a "non smart phone", and it comes with a £10 sim card which I don't think was mentioned, so that's a bonus. She already had a Vodafone sim card though, and thankfully everything just backed up onto this phone! Easy to set up and use. It's only 3g which is gradually getting very slow, but as a basic smartphone it does the job for a very reasonable price. Argos have it for £15, but you have to buy the £10 sim card separately, so the price is actually £25. Battery life seems short, but I don't know if she's just trying to run too many apps on it. It lasts a full day though, and for the price I wasn't expecting much.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars it did cool down though. Style: Turbo 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. Received the phone very quickly, charged it up fully and checked it powered up, did no further checks as it is a Xmas gift, I powered the phone off (not standby) and boxed it up again. Later that evening I occasionally heard a strange light thudding noise, eventually traced to the phone, on inspection the outer cardboard box was hot and the phone inside was extremely hot, I powered the phone on and it took 11 minutes to boot up saying it was optimising apps, another switch on a few minutes later and it just did not boot at all, it just kept optimising, it did cool down though. I removed the battery overnight and the following morning it again was stuck on optimising, Very dissapointed, have returned for a replacement hoping this was a one off faulty phone. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Excellent as a spare!. Style: Mini 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. Purchased as a spare, so cannot comment on day to day use such as using for phone calls etc. I thought the following information might be useful to others prior to purchase: 1) The Vodafone SIM is included in the box, so there's no need to purchase separately. 2) I had noticed another user suggesting that PAYG credit was included, however this is not the case. 3) I found this phone very easy to unlock using a cheap unlock code purchased from another site. I didn't have to wait 30 days to do this. However, it should be noted that when you change the SIM (to one belonging to another network), you also need to remove the battery briefly to "reboot" the phone so that it brings up the screen to enter your network unlock code (NUC) when you power it up with the new SIM. If you've used the phone using Vodafone PAYG for at least 30 days then you can get a network unlock code for free, via Vodafone's own website. 4) The phone also has a radio app, and you get a pair of cheap earphones included in the box. The only issue I've had with the phone so far is that I can't seem to find a setting which turns off the vibrate setting for typing. I have turned off the "vibrate on touch" setting but it still vibrates when you type using the virtual keyboard. Some people might also find the memory restrictive, although I believe it can be expanded. The phone also comes with certain pre-installed software (or bloatware) which cannot be uninstalled, such as Facebook App Manager (which I will never use, but is currently using 8.87 MB of storage). Overall, I think this phone is decent, especially considering the price. Edit: Thanks to those who have left further advice on my review. I can confirm that the keyboard vibrate setting can be turned off (for the Smart Mini 7) by selecting the following: Settings > Language & input > Android keyboard > Preferences, then choose your settings accordingly, including turning off vibrate for the virtual keyboard. In order to turn off vibrate for the other phone functions, such as the three keys at the bottom, you still need to turn this off separately by selecting: Settings > Sounds & notification > Other sounds, then turn off "vibrate on touch".. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone, fit for purpose for what I bought it for.. Style: First 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. What a great little phone, I initially had a problem as the phone would constantly flash on and off but was quickly resolved with a no questions asked replacement which arrived the next day. I bought this purely as a bluetooth music player for my Amazon Music and it works a charm. battery lasts a few days and the bluetooth connectivity is fast and stable. It isn't made of the toughest material, nor are the viewing angles much good but it is pretty speedy and responseve. I really can't say how this works as a phone (bizarrely) but for the purpose I bought it for it is highly recommended.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Pretty decent phone for the price.. Style: First 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. I bought this for £14.99 for my 11 year old daughter. I bought an SD card to increase the storage, which I would definitely recommend. It's a small phone, so ideal as a first phone for your kids. It's easy to set up and use and comes with a SIM card. It's locked to vodafone as it's their own brand phone. The camera is quite poor and you can't switch it around to take selfies. But for the small price tag, I'm not bothered by this. I would recommend a phone case to protect it from falls. All in all, a good starter phone. I would say a good phone for emergency use too. But keep in mind it is quite small, so for the elderly or those who may struggle with eyesight it would be tricky to use.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Use as a security camera. Style: First 7 | Colour: Black | Verified Purchase. Just the right phone to use as a security camera. It only costs from £15 on line and works perfectly with my security app. It doesn't overheat when constantly plugged in as long as screen is off and all unecessary wireless turned off. So for this price I can cover 4 corner views of the house at less than the cost of a single dedicated wifi camera. I can see why there are so many one star reviews as the battery life isn't great, Vodafone PAYG is 55p per minute (unlock the phone and go to 3), no proper GPS, single camera etc. But the phone is so cheap and I think you do get a £10 SIM included, although, at Vodafone rates, this won't last long. If you are using a security app then I thoroughly recommend this phone as an extra camera. Phone is now £25 from Vodafone and £20 from Argos compared to £17 and £15. Still good value but not as much as before.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Perfect little phone for my niece, her 1st mobile. Easy to use and has enough memory for her. 5.0 out of 5 stars Excellent as 1st phone. It does not Have any meaningful function. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. Easy to use smart phone, no problems setting it up.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Neat little smart phone.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Bargain buy & so easy to understand.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Bargain buy.. Handset keeps crashing and no apps work.. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. You get what you pay for, practically useless.... 1.0 out of 5 stars practically useless... Bought this as a spare phone and for my two sons to use occasionally. Neither of us are happy using it, the interface is not simple to use. 1.0 out of 5 stars Neither of us are happy using it. Great phone, but to many adverts in it, it would drive you nuts!!. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. See and discover other items: android mobile phone , android smart phones , mobile phone , pay as you go sim , pay as you go sim card , vodafone smart. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Zte Manuals Cell Phone smart first 7 User manual Zte smart first 7 User Manual. Related Manuals for Zte smart first 7. Cell Phone Zte F152 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte F858 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte f160 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte F160 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte F159 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte F159 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte F102 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte F252 User Manual. Hsdpa dual band 3g mobile phone (86 pages). Hsdpa multi band 3g mobile phone (89 pages). Advanced ruggedised 3g mobile phone (91 pages). Hsdpa dual band 3g mobile phone (83 pages). Cell Phone Zte F451 Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Zte F151 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte F150 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte F116 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte F116 Series User Manual. Cell Phone Zte F107 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte F320 Quick Start Manual. Umts 850mhz mobile phone (72 pages). Zte umts/gsm/gprs mobile phone (88 pages). Wcdma/gsm (gprs)dual-mode digital mobile phone (49 pages). Summary of Contents for Zte smart first 7. Page 2: About This Manual, All Rights Reserved. Page 11: Installing Your Micro-sim Card And The Battery. Page 13: Installing An Optional Microsdâ¢ Card. Page 15: Extending The Battery Life. Page 16: Setting Up For The First Time. Page 17: Using The Touch Screen. Page 18: Getting To Know The Home Screen. Page 20: Turning On/off Touch Sound. Page 22: Protecting Your Phone With Screen Locks. Page 23: Protecting Your Phone With Encryption. Page 27: Respond To Or Remove A Notification. Page 28: Managing Shortcuts And Widgets. Page 30: Rearranging The Primary Icons. Page 31: Opening And Switching Apps. Page 32: Connecting To Networks And Devices. Page 38: Change The Device Name, Pair With Another Bluetooth Device. Page 39: Connecting To Your Computer Via Usb. Page 40: Connect With Windows Media Player, Disconnect Your Phone From The Computer, Unmount The Microsd Card. Page 41: Sharing Your Mobile Data Connection. Page 44: Connecting To Virtual Private Networks. Page 47: Answering Or Rejecting Calls. Page 48: Working With The Call Log. Page 50: Using Options During A Call. Page 51: Adjusting Your Call Settings. Page 52: Edit Quick Response To Rejected Callers. Page 54: Set Speed Dials, Other Options. Page 56: Setting Up Your Own Profile. Page 57: Working With Favourite Contacts. Page 58: Searching For A Contact. Page 59: Delete Contacts, Join Contacts. Page 63: Responding To An Email. Page 64: Writing And Sending An Email. Page 65: Changing General Email Settings. Page 67: Replying To A Message. Page 105: Air Bags, Emergency Calls, Loud Noise. Page 107: Battery Handling & Safety. Page 108: Hearing Aids, Medical Devices. Page 110: Declaration Of Rohs Compliance. Page 111: Disposal Of Your Old Appliance. Page 112: Ec Declaration Of Conformity. User manual Smart first 7 VFD 200.... Notice ZTE Corporation reserves the right to make modifications on print errors or update specifications in this guide without prior notice. This manual has been designed with the utmost care to ensure the accuracy of its content.. Bluetooth trademark and logos are owned by the ® Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such trademarks by ZTE Corporation is under license. microSD Logo is a trademark of SD-3C, LLC. Other trademarks and trade names are the property of their respective owners.. Getting started ..........8 1.1 Getting to know your phone ........8 1.2 Knowing the keys ............. 9 1.3 Installing your micro-SIM card and the Battery .. 10 1.4 Installing an optional microSD™ Card ....12 1.5 Charging the battery ............ 12 1.6 Extending the battery life ............ 3.3 Managing shortcuts and widgets ......27 3.4 Organising with folders ..........28 3.5 Rearranging the primary icons ......... 29 3.7 Opening and switching apps ........30 4. Connecting to networks and devices ..31 4.1 Connecting to mobile networks ....... 6.5 Working with favourite contacts ......56 6.6 Searching for a contact ..........57 6.7 Editing contacts ............. Accounts ............59 7.1 Adding or removing accounts ........59 7.2 Configuring account sync .......... Email ..............61 8.1 Setting up the first email account ....... 70 12.1 Opening gallery ............70 12.2 Working with albums ..........70 12.3 Working with pictures ..........70 12.4 Retouching your pictures ........72 12.5 Playing videos .............. Play music ............73 13.1 Playing your music ............. Settings ............85 18.1 Wireless and networks ..........85 18.2 Device ................86 18.3 Personal ................89 18.4 System ................93 19. For your safety ..........99 General safety ................ 99 RF exposure ................100 Distraction ................101 Product handling ..............102.... Getting started 1.1 Getting to know your phone Earpiece Light Touch screen Back key Recents key Home key.... Headset port Camera Volume key Power key Charging / micro-USB port 1.2 Knowing the keys Function  Power key Press and hold to power on, select phone modes, turn on/off flight mode, restart or power off.  Press to turn off or on the screen display. Function Recents key Touch to see recently used apps. Back key Touch to go to the previous screen. Volume key Press or hold either end to turn the volume up or down. 1.3 Installing your micro-SIM card and the Battery Switch off your phone before installing or replacing the battery or the micro-SIM card.. WARNING! To avoid damage to the phone, do not use any other kind of SIM card, or any non-standard micro-SIM card cut from a SIM card. You can get a standard micro-SIM card by contacting your service provider. Insert the battery by aligning the metal contacts in the battery compartment.. 1.4 Installing an optional microSD™ Card An optional microSD card can be installed. Unmount the microSD card before removing it (see Erase and format the microSD card). Remove the back cover and the battery. Hold your microSD card with the metal contacts facing down and slide it in.. WARNING! Use only approved chargers and cables for your phone. Connecting with incompatible accessories could physically damage your phone, or lead to excessive electrical current and cause battery explosion. The working temperature of the charger should be lower than 45°C. CAUTION: Do not change the built-in rechargeable battery in your phone by yourself.. NOTE: If the battery is seriously depleted, you may be unable to power on the phone even when it is being charged. In this case, try again after charging the phone for at least 20 minutes. Contact customer service if you still cannot power on the phone after prolonged charging.. 1.8 Setting up for the first time When you first power on your phone after you purchase it or reset it to factory settings (see Backup & reset), you need to finish some basic settings before using it. Flick the language field to select the language. Then follow the on-screen prompts to set up your phone.. - or - Touch the Camera icon at the bottom right and swipe left to open the Camera app. NOTE: If you have set an unlock pattern, PIN or password for your phone (see Protecting your phone with screen locks), you’ll need to draw the pattern or enter the PIN/password to unlock your screen.. 1.11 Getting to know the home screen The home screen is the starting point for your phone’s applications, functions, and menus. You can customise your home screen by adding shortcuts, folders, widgets, and more. Status & notification bar Google search Widgets Folder Shortcut.... Personalising 2.1 Changing the system language Touch the Home key > > Settings > Language & input > Language. 2.2 Setting the date and time Touch the Home key > > Settings > Date & time. 2.4 Turning on/off touch sound 1. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Sound & notification > Other sounds. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Sound & notification. Drag the sliders below Media volume, Alarm volume, Ring volume to adjust the volume for each type of audio..  Touch the Home key > > Settings > Sound & notification > Interruptions > When calls and notifications arrive, and touch Don’t interrupt to switch the phone to silent mode. NOTE: In addition to silent mode and vibration, you can also allow priority apps to send out notifications when you switch the phone to priority interruption mode.. 2.9 Protecting your phone with screen locks You can protect your phone by creating a screen lock. When it is enabled, you need to swipe the screen, draw a pattern or enter a numeric PIN or a password to unlock the phone’s screen and keys.. 2.10 Protecting your phone with encryption You can encrypt all the data on your phone: your accounts, application data, music and other media, downloaded information, and so on. If you do, you must draw a pattern or enter a numeric PIN or a password each time you power on your phone.. WARNING! If you interrupt the encryption process, you will lose data. Read the information about encryption carefully. Draw the lock screen pattern, or enter your lock screen PIN or password and touch NEXT. The encryption process starts and displays its progress. Encryption can take an hour or more, during which time your phone may restart several times.. Knowing the basics 3.1 Monitoring the phone status The status bar at the top of the home screen provides phone and service status icons on the right side. Below are the most common icons you may see. GPRS connected Battery low EDGE connected Battery full.... 3.2 Managing notifications Notification icons The status bar at the top of the home screen provides notification icons on the left. Below are some of the icons you may see. New message microSD card unmounted New email Upcoming event New Gmail Incoming file via message Bluetooth.... Respond to or remove a notification In the notification panel, you can respond to a notification or remove the notifications. The notification panel also supports expandable notifications that let you perform additional actions right from the notification itself.  To respond to a notification, just touch it.( Not available in lock screen) ....  Brightness: Drag the brightness slider to adjust the screen brightness.  Wi-Fi: Touch the icon to turn on or off Wi-Fi.  Bluetooth: Touch the icon to turn on or off Bluetooth.  Flight mode: Touch to turn on or off the flight mode. Touch and hold a widget or shortcut on the home screen. Drag it to to remove it. Touch and hold a widget on the home screen and then release it. Add more icons to a folder 1. Touch and hold an icon and then drag it onto a folder icon. Release the icon and it will be put into the folder. If needed, drag more shortcuts and drop them into the folder..  Cut or copy: Select the text you want to manipulate. Then touch the Cut or Copy button to cut or copy the text to the clipboard.  Replace text with the clipboard text: Select the text you or PASTE. Connecting to networks and devices 4.1 Connecting to mobile networks To connect to a mobile network, you must insert a micro-SIM card first. Once a micro-SIM card is inserted, the system will automatically select the preferred network and you do not need to do anything.. To get data services when roaming: 1. Touch the Home key > > Settings > More > Mobile networks. WARNING! Data roaming may incur significant roaming charges. Select preferred network type Set the preferred type of network for the micro-SIM card. 4.2 Connecting to Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a wireless networking technology that can provide Internet access at distances of up to 100 meters, depending on the Wi-Fi router and your surroundings. Turn Wi-Fi on and connect to a Wi-Fi network 1. Touch the Home key > >.... Add a Wi-Fi network You can add a Wi-Fi network if the network does not broadcast its name (SSID) or add a Wi-Fi network when you are out of range. To connect to a secured network, you first need to get the security details from the network's administrator.. WPS Push Button: Connect to a WPS network via the  push button method. WPS Pin Entry: Connect to a WPS network via the  phone PIN method. MAC address: Check the MAC (Media Access Control)  address of your phone. It is a unique identifier assigned to your phone as a network address in a Wi-Fi network.. After entering the PIN number, your phone automatically finds the access point and configures the connection. NOTE: For detailed information about the WPS feature of the access point, please refer to its documentation. 4.3 Using Wi-Fi Direct ® Wi-Fi Direct allows Wi-Fi devices to share files and data directly by connecting to each other without the need for wireless access points (hotspots).. To turn Bluetooth on or off, touch the Home key > > Settings > Bluetooth and touch the Bluetooth switch. When Bluetooth is on, the icon appears in the status bar. Touch the Home key > >.... Open the appropriate application and select the file or item you want to share. Select the option for sharing via Bluetooth. The method may vary by application and data type. Touch a Bluetooth device the phone has paired with or wait for it to search for new devices and touch the device you need.. Connect your phone to a computer via USB 1. Connect your phone to the PC with a USB cable. Open the notification panel and touch as...). Choose one of the following options: Media device (MTP): Transfer files on Windows® PC or .... Erase and format the microSD card 1. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Storage. Scroll down the screen to the SD card section and touch Erase SD card > ERASE SD CARD > ERASE EVERYTHING. The microSD card is formatted in VFAT format. CAUTION: The formatting procedure erases all the data on the microSD card , after which the files CANNOT be retrieved.. NOTE: To stop sharing your data connection, touch USB tethering again or disconnect the USB cable. Share your mobile data connection via Bluetooth If your computer can obtain an Internet connection via Bluetooth, you can configure your phone to share its mobile data connection with your computer.. Touch the Home key > > Settings > More > Tethering & portable hotspot. After a moment, the phone starts broadcasting its Wi-Fi network name (SSID). On another device, locate your phone via Wi-Fi and connect with it to start using the phone’s mobile data.. 4.7 Connecting to virtual private networks Virtual private networks (VPNs) allow you to connect to the resources inside a secured local network. VPNs are commonly deployed by corporations, schools, and other institutions to let people access local network resources when not on campus, or when connected to a wireless network.. Touch the Home key > > Settings > More > VPN. Touch and hold the VPN that you want to modify. Touch Edit profile and edit the VPN settings you want. Phone calls You can place calls from the Phone app, the Contacts app, or other apps or widgets that display contact information. Wherever you see a phone number, you can usually touch it to dial. 5.1 Placing and ending calls Place a call by dialling 1.. End a call During a call, touch on the screen. 5.2 Answering or rejecting calls When you receive a phone call, the Incoming Call screen opens, displaying the Caller ID or the information about the caller that you've entered in the Contacts app. You can answer or reject the call, or reject it Answer a call When you receive a phone call, drag.... 5.3 Working with the call log The call history is a list of all the calls you've placed, received, or missed. It provides a convenient way to redial a number, return a call, or add a number to your Contacts. To view recent call history, you can touch the Home key >....  Touch the contact icon in front of the entry to open the contact information tab from the bottom, where you can send a message, call back, edit the contact, add the contact to favourites, or add the number to contacts. 5.6 Using options during a call During a call, you will see a number of onscreen options. Touch an option to select it.  Touch to turn on or off the speaker.  Touch to mute or unmute your microphone. Switch between current calls When you’re on a call and another call comes in, your phone screen informs you and displays the caller ID. To respond to an incoming call while you’re on a call: Drag over to answer the call. (This puts the first caller on hold and answers the second call.) To switch between two calls: Touch the tab at the bottom (displayed as “On hold”) to switch.... Touch the Home key > > (in the top search field) > Settings > General. Touch Sort by or Name format to set the order of the contacts and the format of the contact names. Set sound and vibration Set the sound and vibration for incoming calls as well as dialpad sounds.. Touch Setup > Voicemail number to edit the  voicemail number. Touch Sound to select the notification sound for new  voicemails. Check Vibrate to enable vibration for notification.  Use fixed dialing numbers Fixed Dialing Numbers (FDN) allows you to restrict outgoing calls to a limited set of phone numbers.. Set speed dials You can touch and hold the 1 ~ 9 keys from the dialler to call the corresponding speed dial number. The number key 1 is reserved to speed dial your voicemail. To assign a speed dial key: 1.. Contacts You can put contacts on your phone and synchronise them with the contacts in your Google account or other accounts that support contact syncing. To see your contacts, touch the Home key > > There you can touch the tabs on the top of the screen to quickly switch to contact groups or favourite contacts.. Enter the contact name, phone numbers, email addresses, and other information. 6.3 Setting up your own profile You can create your own name card in your phone. Touch the Home key > >.... Export contacts to the micro-SIM card 1. Touch the Home key > > 2. Touch > Import/export > Copy to > SIM Contacts. Touch to select the contacts you need and then touch Export contacts to the storages 1. Touch the Home key > >.... Touch the Home key > > and touch the ALL CONTACTS tab. Touch a contact and then touch at the top. Remove a contact from favourites 1. Touch the Home key > > and touch the FAVOURITES tab. Touch the Home key > > 2. Touch a contact you want to set a ringtone for and then touch > Set ringtone. Select a ringtone you like in the RINGTONE section and touch OK. Accounts 7.1 Adding or removing accounts You can add multiple Google Accounts and Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync® accounts. You may also add other kinds of accounts depending on the apps installed on your phone. Touch the Home key > >.... 7.2 Configuring account sync Configure auto sync setting 1. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Accounts. Touch and check or uncheck Auto-sync data. When automatic sync is turned on, changes you make  to information on your phone or on the web are automatically synced with each other.. Email Touch Email in the home screen to receive and send emails from your webmail or other accounts, using POP3 or IMAP, or access your Exchange ActiveSync account for your corporate email needs. 8.1 Setting up the first email account 1.. 8.3 Responding to an email You can reply to or forward a message that you receive. You can also delete messages and manage them in other ways. Reply to or forward an email 1. Open the email you want to reply to or forward from Inbox. 8.4 Writing and sending an email 1. Open your email Inbox and touch NOTE: If you have more than one email account added on the phone, touch the sender line to select the account you want to use for sending the message. Edit an email account You can change a number of settings for an account, including how often you check for email, how you’re notified of new mails, your email signature, and details about the servers the account uses to send and receive mails. Messaging You can use Messaging to exchange text messages (SMS) and multimedia messages (MMS). 9.1 Opening the Messaging screen Touch the Home key > > Messaging. The Messaging screen opens, where you can create a new message, search for messages, or open an ongoing message thread.. NOTE:  You can also include email addresses as recipients for multimedia messages.  Do not add a message subject or any attachment if you want to send a text message. Otherwise you may be charged for a multimedia message. 9.3 Replying to a message Messages you receive are appended to existing threads for the same number.. Web Browser You can use the preinstalled Chrome app to view web pages and search for information. In addition, you can also install other web browser app that you prefer. 10.1 Opening the Browser Touch the Home key > >.... Camera You can use your phone to take photos and record videos. Photos and videos are stored on the installed microSD card or in the phone storage, depending on the default storage setting. You can copy them to your computer or access them in the Gallery app.. You can also touch to pause or resume recording. 11.3 Customising camera/camcorder settings Before capturing a photo or recording a video, you can swipe to the right on the screen and touch to open the following camera and camcorder setting options.. Gallery 12.1 Opening gallery Touch the Home Key > > Gallery to view albums of your pictures and videos. 12.2 Working with albums When you open Gallery, all pictures and videos on your phone are displayed in a number of albums. Swipe left or right to see them all.. When viewing a picture in full screen, the following features are available.  Swipe horizontally to see more pictures or videos.  Pinch a picture or video to make it smaller. You'll then see a filmstrip-style view of all your pictures and videos in a row. Swipe left or right to scan through them all.. NOTE: Some options may not be available for certain albums or pictures. 12.4 Retouching your pictures You can edit any photos you took and some other pictures in Gallery. The changed picture is saved in the album, while the original image is never affected. Play music The Play Music application works with Google Music, Google’s online music store and streaming service. You can stream via mobile data or Wi-Fi and listen to your favourite songs that you’ve added to your online Google Music library. You can also play audio files you’ve copied directly to your phone from a computer.. Number Function Song and artist information. Touch or drag down to return to the music library. Slide left/right to switch to the next/previous song in the playlist. You can repeat the current track, repeat the current playlist, or turn off repeat. Number Function Turn on or off shuffle. Drag the progress bar to jump to any part of the song. Touch to see the current playlist (queue). You can still control the music when you are not in the playback screen.. To delete a playlist: > My Library in the Play Music app. Touch next to the playlist you want to delete. NOTE: Certain automatically created playlists such as Last added cannot be deleted.. Video player Use the Video Player app to manage your video library and to watch videos. 14.1 Opening the video library Touch the Home Key > > Video Player to view your video library, where your video files are displayed in a series of albums.. Share video clips > Select item or Select video in the video 1. Touch the videos or albums you want to share. Touch and select how you want to share them. Touch an album in the video library. FM radio With the FM radio, you can search for radio channels, listen to them, and save them on your phone. Note that the quality of the radio broadcast depends on the coverage of the radio station in your area. The wired headset that comes with your phone works as an antenna, so always connect the headset when using the radio.. NOTE:  Touch to add the channel to favourites. Touch > Radio List to view all favourite channels.  Touch to listen to the radio through the phone speaker. 15.3 Recording radio programs When you listen to the radio, you can record your favourite programs and save the audio on the phone.. Sound recorder Sound Recorder enables you to record voice memos and listen to them whenever you like. 16.1 Recording a voice memo 1. Touch the Home key > > Sound Recorder. During recording, you can do the following: Touch to pause or continue the.... More apps 17.1 Clock Touch the Home key > > Clock. The Clock app allows you to check local time and time in other cities in the world, set alarms, and use timers. Touch the tab in the Clock app.. 17.2 Calculator Touch the Home key > > Calculator to use the phone’s convenient built-in calculator for some basic as well as advanced mathematical equations. NOTE: Slide left or right to switch between different panels. 17.3 Downloads The Downloads app keeps a record of the files you have downloaded using apps such as Chrome or Email.. 17.5 Google apps Open the Google apps to use Google services. Some apps are put in the Google folder on the home screen. NOTE: Some contents or Google services may not be available in your region.  Google: Use Google search or get information when you need it with Google Now.. Settings Touch the Home key > > Settings. The Settings app contains most of the tools for customizing and configuring your device. 18.1 Wireless and networks Wi-Fi Turn Wi-Fi on or off and configure your Wi-Fi connections. See 4.2 Connecting to Wi-Fi Bluetooth Turn Bluetooth on or off and configure your Bluetooth connections.. Default SMS app In the Settings app, touch More > Default SMS app to choose the preferred application for sending and receiving SMS. Tethering and portable hotspot In the Settings app, touch More > Tethering & portable hotspot to share your phone’s mobile data connection with PCs or other devices via USB, Bluetooth or Wi-Fi.. Display  Brightness level: Set the brightness of the display.  Wallpaper: Select a background image for the Home Screen.  Sleep: Set the length of time of inactivity before the screen turns off.  Daydream: Manage the Daydream function. When Daydream is enabled, photos or animations will be displayed as a screensaver.. Battery View the battery level, check what has been using the battery, and enable battery saving mode in the Battery menu. Touch an app or service to adjust its settings in order to save battery life. For example, touch Screen > DISPLAY to open Display settings where you can change screen brightness and sleep, or touch an app that has been using a lot of battery and touch APP INFO to stop the app.. Auto On/Off Set the day and time the phone powers on or off automatically or turn these feature off.  Touch the time to set up the day and time for automatic powering on or off.  Touch the switches on the right to turn on or off the functions.. Security  Screen lock: Disable the screen lock or enable it with swipe, pattern, PIN, or password. See 2.9 Protecting your phone with screen locks.  Owner info: Set the text that you may display on the lock screen.  Smart Lock: Keep the phone unlocked when connected to trusted devices, in trusted places, or unlocked by trusted faces..  Unknown sources: Check this option to permit installation of apps from sources other than the Play Store.  Storage type: Check the credential storage type.  Trusted credentials: Display trusted CA certificates.  Install from SD card: Install certificates from the memory card.. Language and input  Language: Select a language and region for your system.  Spell checker: Use Android Spell Checker to check for spelling errors when entering text.  Personal dictionary: Add new words to the phone’s dictionary or remove words from the dictionary. The words you add are used for spelling check and word suggestion..  Factory data reset: Reset your phone to factory default settings. You can also erase the data on the phone storage and the microSD card during the process. 18.4 System Date & time Set date, time, time zone, and how date and time are displayed. You can also use network-provided data.. Troubleshooting If you encounter problems while using the phone, or if it performs abnormally, you can refer to the chart below. If your particular problem cannot be resolved using the information in the chart, contact the dealer where you purchased the phone. Problem Possible causes Possible solution Phone Too many files are Go to Settings > internal stored in the internal Storage to change the storage storage. default storage location (ROM) full to the SD card. Too many apps installed Go to Settings > in the internal storage.. Problem Possible causes Possible solution Echo or Poor network link End the call and dial noise quality on the part of again. You may be your service provider. switched to a better-quality network link or phone line. Poor local telephone End the call and dial line quality.. Problem Possible causes Possible solution If you are not able to Change your location to connect to the network, one where the network the phone will continue is accessible, or to send out signals as it temporarily turn off attempts to locate a your phone.. Problem Possible causes Possible solution Phone Some third-party Reset the phone to crashes, software is not factory status. reboots, compatible with your Uninstall the software freeze, or phone. that may cause the cannot be problem. powered on Upgrade the phone software.. For your safety General safety Read the Safety Do not use while Information section of re-fuelling this user guide This device may Do not use hand-held produce a bright or while driving flashing light For body-worn Do not dispose of in a operation maintain a fire separation of 1.5 cm.... RF exposure Your phone contains a transmitter and a receiver. When it is ON, it receives and transmits RF energy. When you communicate with your phone, the system handling your call controls the power level at which your phone transmits. Specific absorption rate (SAR) Your mobile device is a radio transmitter and receiver.. Failure to observe these instructions could result in your RF exposure exceeding the relevant guideline limits. Limiting exposure to radio frequency (RF) fields For individuals concerned about limiting their exposure to RF fields, the World Health Organization (WHO) provides the following advice: Precautionary measures: Present scientific information does not indicate the need for any special precautions for the use of.... Product handling You alone are responsible for how you use your phone and any consequences of its use. You must always switch off your phone wherever the use of a phone is prohibited. Use of your phone is subject to safety measures designed to protect users and their environment.. Small children Do not leave your phone and its accessories within the reach of small children or allow them to play with it. They could hurt themselves or others, or could accidentally damage the phone. Your phone contains small parts with sharp edges that may cause an injury or which could become detached and create a choking hazard.. Air bags Do not place a phone in the area over an air bag or in the air bag deployment area. Store the phone safely before driving your vehicle. Seizures/blackouts This phone is capable of producing bright flashing lights. Repetitive strain injury (RSI) To minimize the risk of RSI, when texting or playing games with your phone: .... MP3 and video player function When listening to pre-recorded music or watching videos on your device, with headphones or earphones at high volumes, you run the risk of permanent damage to your hearing. Even if you are used to listening to music at a high volume and it seems acceptable to you, you still risk damaging your hearing.. Connection to a car Seek professional advice when connecting a phone interface to the vehicle electrical system. Faulty and damaged products Do not attempt to disassemble the phone or its accessory. Only qualified personnel must service or repair the phone or its accessory.. Pacemakers Pacemaker manufacturers recommend that a minimum separation of 15 cm be maintained between a mobile phone and a pacemaker to avoid potential interference with the pacemaker. To achieve this, use the phone on the opposite ear to your pacemaker and do not carry it in a breast pocket. Hearing aids People with hearing aids or other cochlear implants may experience interfering noises when using wireless devices or.... Aircraft Switch off your wireless device whenever you are instructed to do so by airport or airline staff. Consult the airline staff about the use of wireless devices on board the aircraft, if your device offers a 'flight mode' this must be enabled prior to boarding an aircraft.. To minimize the environmental impact and take more responsibility for the earth we live in, this document shall serve as formal declaration that the device manufactured by ZTE CORPORATION is in compliance with the Directive 2011/65/EC of the European Parliament - RoHS (Restriction of Hazardous.... The correct disposal of your old appliance will help prevent potential negative consequences for the environment and human health. For this product's recycling information based on WEEE directive, please send an e-mail to weee@zte.com.cn.... CONFORMITY It is hereby declared that following designated product: Product Type: WCDMA/GSM (GPRS) Dual-Mode Digital Mobile Phone Model No.: VFD 200/ZTE BLADE L105/BLADE L105/ Vodafone Smart first 7/ Vodacom Smart Kicka 2 Product Description: WCDMA/GSM (GPRS) Dual-Mode Digital Mobile Phone.... Requirement Standard Health and EN 60950-1:2006 + A11:2009 + A1:2010 + safety A12:2011+A2:2013; EN 50332-2:2003; EN 50332-1:2000; EN 62209-1:2006; EN 62209-2:2010; EN 50566:2013; EN 50360:2001/A1:2012; EN 62479:2010 EN 301 489-1 V1.9.2; EN 301 489-3 V1.6.1; EN 301 489-17 V2.2.1; EN 301 489-7 V1.3.1; EN 301 489-24 V1.5.1 Radio Spectrum EN 301 908-1 V6.2.1;.... This declaration is the responsibility of the manufacturer: ZTE Corporation ZTE Plaza, Keji Road South, Hi-Tech, Industrial Park, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong, 518057, P.R.China Authorised person signing for the company: Yao Cuifeng Quality Director of ZTE Corporation Name in block letters & position in the company Shenzhen, 4 February 2016 Place &.... Vodafone and the Vodafone logos are trade marks of Vodafone Group. Any product or company names mentioned herein may be the trade marks of their respective owners.. By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
Pdevice.com: Review, Specification, Price, Compare, Tech News & Details of Mobile Phone and Electronics Gadget Online. How to check that all the Device Drivers are installed properly…. How to select your Mouse Primary Button Left or Right in…. How to Managed Bluetooth Device (Turned on and Off) on Your…. How to Uninstall, Installed Driver from Windows 10 PC using Device…. Vodafone Smart First 7 Smartphone Full Specification. Screen (Size & Type) : 3.5 inches TFT Display. OS Version : Android 5.1 Lollipop. The product overall rating and highlights is based on review by our technical experts. All ratings have been selected out of 10.. Body & Design (look and feel). Camera – VGA Camera on Both Side of Device. External Memory Storage up to 32GB. Display – Screen size 3.5 inches TFT. 114.4 mm x 62.8 mm x 12 mm, 110g. support 2G/3G/4G Networks with a data speed. Download Up to 21 Mbps, Upload Up to 5.76 Mbps in 3G and. LTE Cat4 150 / 50 Mbps in 4G networks. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Each device built on different configuration and platform or operating so here we have divided the devices on their operating system such as Android, Windows, iOS etc. Device brand including their model number,. The initial public announcement by a company or brand for its upcoming gadgets or device with few or full information till its release date.. The release date is the date in which a release was made available through some sort of distribution mechanism. For example, this may be via a online or offline retail store, being published as a available to sale on a website or distributed to industry insiders. the device is available in the market, upcoming device or the company or brand have close the productivity of gadgets. Design Type is a combination of smartphone's size, style, dimensions, weight, color, layout. Mainly there are three types of form factors seen in mobile phones and other computing devices such as bar phones, folding phones, and sliding phones. height, width, and length of the computing device measures in mm, cm. 114.4 x 62.8 x 12 mm. Display Technology => There are number of display technology available for computing devices such as TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an advanced version of AMOLED) and there are two types of touchscreen displays Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens not only works with human skin but also with stylus pen) and Capacitive Touchscreen (only work with human skin). Display size of each computing device is measured diagonally in inches, cm, or mm. Display Colors refer to the number of different shades of colors that the device screen is capable of displaying mostly there is three display color - 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors used and 16M is the highest available range of colors and better than others.16M display color used in more advanced computing device such as Smartphone , Tablet or Gaming console while the 256K or 64K colors are used for basic handset and entry level computing devices.. Information about the number of pixels per inch of the device screen. The higher the pixels density of any device, the more detailed and clearer content (Image, Video,Graphics, etc) will be shown on the display. Display Protection => is must have feature for all computing device, especially in Smartphone segment there is different-different technology for protecting the display from scratches, drops, water, dust, and bumps of everyday use.Most common display protection technology are corning gorilla glass, Tempered glass, Scratch resistant glass, Full lamination technology, OGS, and More. So whenever you buy a new device you should always consider the smartphone having display protection feature.. Display supports various kind of features such as Contrast ratio, NTSC, 2.5D curved glass, OLED, AMOLED and more features. Some device comes with second display feature along with primary display, usually found in mobile phone.. 320x480 Pixels, 24 bit color depth. Supported Camera Type in the device, dual or single camera. Primary Camera is usually placed on the back side of Smartphone to capture photos and videos. The main attribute of camera are the resolution (measured in Megapixels), lens focus type (automatic or manual). High megapixels mobile can take higher quality pictures and videos but it does not always the quality parameter as there are other factors also responsible for high-quality picture so we can't predict the camera quality by just looking at its megapixels. Good Camera plays important role for any Gadgets it comes with many features such as Autofocus, Continuous shooting, Digital image stabilization, Digital zoom, Face detection, Geotagging, HDR ISO settings, Panorama, Scene mode, Self-timer, Touch focus, White balance settings, PDAF etc. Flash Light => Flashlight are very important in camera for enhancing the picture quality in low-light condition.LED Flash and Xenon Flash are two most common flashlights are used in mobile phones.LED flashlight provides lower power consumption with drive circuitry which takes up little room and can be strobed faster than any other light Source while the Xenon Flash offers an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration. secondary camera or front camera in the device like selfies camera in Smartphone, the user can click his own photo using this camera.. Dual Camera Set UP (One Front + One Back). Chipset is the main part of any computing device such as Mobile, Laptop, Smartwatch, Camera, Tablet etc each one runs on a chipset or SoC which includes CPU, GPU, and Cache memory.Chipset is integrated circuit designed to perform some specific task and popular devices come with more advanced chipset which can perform many different tasks according to their design and programming capabilities. CPU Central Processing Unit or processors,its main function is to interpret and execute instructions in the computing device .Mostly we measure CPU capacity in GHz or MHz with the number of the core such as 2-core, 4-core, 8-core, 10-core etc.Always look for high-power processor first whenever you will purchase a new device. GPU Stands for Graphics Processing Unit is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly rapid mathematical calculations, primarily for the purpose of rendering images, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion and it is also responsible for high-performance gaming graphics a good GPU always have such kind of power to control the gaming graphics.The common GPU for mobile devices are Qualcomm Adreno, Intel HD graphics, PowerVR, ARM-Mlai etc. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, and used by Operating system and installed application in the computing device data in the RAM temporarily stored means it will be lost whenever the device is turn off or restarted. Internal Storage also known as secondary memory or ROM is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other content stored.There two types of internal memory expansion expandable and non-expandable. External Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's internal storage, A memory card is a small storage memory used to store content such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components which increased the functionality of any computing device in which they are embedded sensors detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment.. Yes Supports 32GB microSD card slot. Each mobile device works on the wireless network and these networks are divided into different category such as 2G, 3G, 4G further they are subdivided into the category like GSM, UMTS, LTE on different bands. 2G stands for the second-generation wireless telephone network.It works on Standard like GSM, D-AMPS, PDC.2G Networks supports Digital voice services and slow data transmission (2.5G (GPRS) or 2.75G (EDGE) ) but these networks are faster than analog (1G) systems. 3G stands for the third generation wireless telephone network in compare of 2G it supports faster data speed, always-on data access, better voice transmission capacity.UMTS,WCDMA, Ev-Do are the main standard of 3G technology. 4G stands for the fourth generation of wireless telephone network it is more efficient and faster in terms of data rate, voice transmission and it is very different technology in compare of 3G.The most common standard are LTE (Long Term Evolution) and Mobile WiMAX. SIM stands for Subscriber Identity Module which securely stores subscriber's information such as phone numbers and text messages. Users can easily switch SIM card from one mobile set to another. SIM card is responsible for communication among several mobile devices using different kinds of networks such as GSM, UMTS, LTE etc. Smartphone comes with Single SIM or Dual SIM slot.. GSM / UMTS / LTE. GSM : 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. UMTS : 900 / 2100 MHz. LTE : 800 / 2600 MHz. LTE-TDD : 2300 MHz (Band 40). OS => Operating System responsible for all basic operations of the device ( smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers, drones, smartwatch and other handheld devices). The Operating System manages and controls the functions of the hardware components of the computing device. There are numbers of OS such as Android, Windows, iOS, BlackBerry and more. UI or user interface (f human–machine interaction) of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface. Facebook its no 1 popular free social networking site which allows users to create a free account and adds your friends or family in your social list to chat with them, upload photos, videos, video chat and send messages via the internet and keep in touch with friends,Each Smartphone supports Facebook app. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Twitter is global microblogging social media website, you can use twitter application on your smartphone, tablet. Microblogging is a broadcast medium that exists in the form of blogging. A microblog differs from a traditional blog in that its content is typically smaller in both actual and aggregated file size. Multimedia Features (Audio, Video and Images). Which type of audio playback supported by the device as there are number of audio format such as WAV, AAC, AMR, MP3, WMA, MIDI, FLAC, etc. FM is a VHF broadcasting technology which uses frequency modulation (FM) to transfer sound over the broadcasting radio. Alert types are types of sound which notify the users when someone sends notifications like a phone call, message, email etc. Yes Support WAV, AAC, AMR, MP3, WMA, MIDI, OGG. Yes Support 3GP, MP4, AVI, H.264, H.263. Yes With 3.5mm Headphone Jack (Stereo Headset). Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology which provides wireless data connection between various device using radio waves it uses the IEEE 802.11 stands for communication. USB required for transfer or sync the data from one computing device to another such as from Smartphone to computer. Bluetooth is wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, personal computers and other network devices over brief distances without wiring, Bluetooth technology was mostly designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. There are different-different types of Bluetooth Profile (A2DP, HID, LE etc) available in each device for exchanging different content within a short distance.. GPS Stands for Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation technology using it users can track their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, the most common GPS technology are GPS and the GLONASS. NFC stands for Near field communication is a set of short-range wireless communication standards for smartphones and similar computing devices to establish peer-to-peer (P2P) radio communications with each other by touching them together.It works on smaller range around 10cm. HDMI Stands for (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) most commonly used for. transferring video data and digital audio data from a HDMI- device (Smartphone, Tablet, Laptop) to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Infrared (IR) connectivity is an old wireless technology which uses an infrared light to transfer information between two electronic devices over short-range. Micro USB Version 2.0 with Charging and Mass Storage Function. Yes Bluetooth v4.0 with A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile). GPRS GPRS stands for General Packet Radio Service it is also known as GSM-IP is global system mobile communications internet protocol which works in 2G and 3G cellular networks.It provides data speed up to 40 kbps which enable mobile devices to access the internet at a Similar speed of dial-up modem and it is used for wireless data transfer like sharing pictures, text, video or browse the internet via mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data Rate for GSM Environment) also known as also known as Enhanced GPRS or EGPRS is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Data Speed supports by any computing device such as Smartphone, Tablet, Computer, Laptop etc mostly it measured in Mbps (Mega bit per second).A good device always supports faster data speed. Web Browser => used to access information on the world wide web such as text, image, video, audio here we have listed some of the common browsers supported by the device.. HSPA 21/5.76 Mbps | LTE Cat4 150 / 50 Mbps. Google Chrome, Support WAP, HTML, HTML5 Browsers. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service through which users can send text messages up to 160-224 characters to mobile devices such as cell phone, smartphone, and PDAs. MMS stands for Multimedia Messaging Service and it is used for sending multimedia message from one device to another device such as audio clips, video clips, images, text.. Email Email Stands for Electronic mail which used for sending and storing message it just like sending a physical letter.The user can send text messages, images, and other attachments to the recipient using the internet. You can create your account with Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail or any other without any cost and its necessary to receive any message over internet and email address is unique to each user. IM stands for Instant Messaging is an exchange of text messages through a software application in real time, it enable users to create a kind of private chat room (for example Yahoo! Messenger and Apple's iChat ) with another user in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Battery Type => The battery is most important part of any electronics device and they powered by different-different kind of battery such as there are basically four types of cell phone batteries Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity which measure typically in Amp-hr which tells users that how much of the charge stored by the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of power that can be run any computing device under certain conditions. A good battery always provides consistent power but it also depends on the quality of device, processor, and design. Standby Time is the longest time a phone can remain in the power during single battery charge while the device will not be in active use but constantly connected to the GSM network.. Talk Time is the total time a battery can power a phone under perfect conditions, talk time requires more power and much shorter than standby time. Music play time of the device in hours. The capacity of battery to play video on device. Package Contents: What Accessories is included with this device when you Buy This item from Store,. What is inside the package box.. User Reviews and Discussion about Gadget. Be the first to add a Review. Body & Design (look and feel):. is this price is good for this device or not. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. You May Be Interested in Other Models from Vodafone. Vodafone Smart V8 Smartphone Full Specification. Vodafone Smart Tab N8 Tablet Full Specification. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Smartphone Full Specification. Vodafone Smart N8 Smartphone Full Specification. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Dual Smartphone Full Specification. Vodafone Smart speed 6 Smartphone Full Specification. Gadgets Finder – Search Gadget Here. Up to 50% Off On Mobile Phone. Sony Xperia XZ2 Smartphone Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Pro Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Alcatel 1T 10 Tablet Full Specification. LG Signature Edition Smartphone Full Specification. Google Pixel XL Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G9500 Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950F Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950K Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos Smartphone Full Specification. LG V30S ThinQ vs LG V30S+ ThinQ Comparison. ZTE Tempo Go vs ZTE Blade V9 Vita Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 1C Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 3X Comparison. MGCOOL Band 3 Companion App Helps You to Carve More. Samsung Galaxy J7 Neo Smartphone Full Specification. JGAURORA A5 Updated Large Printing Size 3D Printer Just for $359.99 – GearBest Coupon. VOYO i7 Notebook with i7 6500U, 8GB RAM Just for $599.32, Flat $40 GearBest Promo Code. Xiaomi YI 4K+ Action Camera 60fps 120Mbps Only for $249.99, Geekbuying Coupon Code. XDUOO Nano D3 Lossless Music MP3 HiFi Music Player GearBest $6.91 Promo Code. Xiaomi Mi 6 Smartphone with 5.2 inch Display, MIUI 8, Snapdragon 835 Chip Just for $409, GearBest Coupon Code. HBQ – I7 TWS Bluetooth Stereo Double Headsets HD Call for $15.39, GearBest Coupon Code. News 357 How to 252 Samsung 65 Coupons & Deals 63 Xiaomi 39 Apple 36 LG 35 Huawei 35. We Suggest You The Best Smartphone with Great Features. Brand Name (specific brand gadget you want). www.pdevice.com is one of the most useful and informative website where you will get tech news, gadget info such as review and specification, price, compare, site about Smartphone,Tablets, Laptops, smartwatch, vr headset tech specs and lot more about electronics gadgets all around the globe. We provide you with the latest information about electronics gadgets , tips and tricks about gadgets .. © Copyright © 2018 - www.pdevice.com. 
Argos logo – link to home page Stores Search 0 Trolley Trolley. Technology Home & Garden Baby & Nursery Toys Sports & Leisure Health & Beauty Clothing Jewellery & Watches Gifts. You can pay later with the argos card. Representative 29 point 9 percent APR variable.. Faster in-store collection for free. You can pay later with the argos card. Representative 29.9% APR variable. £15 - £20 ( 2 ) £25 - £50 ( 4 ). 3G ( 4 ) 4G ( 2 ). Show All ( 6 ) 4 or more ( 6 ) 3 or more ( 6 ) 2 or more ( 6 ) 1 or more ( 6 ). You've searched for vodafone smart first 7. Showing 1 - 6 of 6 products. Most Popular Price: Low - High Price: High - Low Customer Rating. Vodafone Smart First 7 Mobile Phone - Black. Rating 4.300139 out of 5. Vodafone Smart First 7 Mobile Phone - White. Rating 4.30008 out of 5. Vodafone Smart Mini 7 Mobile Phone - Black. Rating 4.100037 out of 5. Vodafone Smart Mini 7 Mobile Phone - White. Rating 4.400022 out of 5. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Mobile Phone - Silver. Rating 4.30003 out of 5. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Mobile Phone - Grey. Rating 4.600044 out of 5. Customer Service Help home Store locator Your Account Track your order Returns & refunds Delivery & collection Product recall Email sign up. Payment methods Payment types Gift cards Voucher codes Argos credit & insurance Argos Card Aftercare Product care Product support. Product information Buying Guides Features & articles Site map Product reviews Other Argos sites Argoscareers.com Argos.ie Argos Spares. About Argos About us Affiliate program Argos for Business Press enquiries. Privacy policy | Cookies policy | Terms & conditions. 
How to Root Vodafone Smart First 7 via KingoRoot with PC Version. How to Root Android with KingoRoot (PC Version) Device powered ON At least 50% battery level Internet connection necessary USB Cable (the original one recommended) Step 1: Free download and install KingoRoot Android (PC Version). Step 2: Double click the desktop icon of Kingo Root and launch it. Step 3: Plug your Android device into your computer via USB cable. Step 4: Enable USB Debugging mode on your Android device. Step 5: Read notifications carefully before rooting your device. Step 6: Click "ROOT" to root your device. Step 8: Check the root status of your device.. A smartphone becomes the family's household in this digital times. Android is the worldâs most customizable mobile platform. An Android smartphone is more and more popular. Users rely on their smartphones so much like communicating with others, playing games and enjoying all the apps on the devices. In that, they create many important digital documents such as text files, photos, audio and video contents. Because of these apps, the internal storage space of Android phones and tablets can be quickly clutter and insufficient. Although you can transform these document to online clound, it is unconvenient.. Vodafone Smart first 7 was released in May 2016. Powered by a removable Li-Ion 1400 mAh battery, the smartphone runs Android v5.1 (Lollipop). The Smart first 7 packs 4GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 64GB via a microSD card. For the small internal storage space, many users want to find a method to move the apps to the microSD card. Many apps can't be moved until you root your Android. Besides, rooting enables you to uninstall the useless preinstalled apps, and this also can free up your storage space.. KingoRoot Android (PC Version) is one of the best rooter/root tool. It is the best and easiest one-click root software for your Smart first 7. After rooting with KingoRoot PC version root tool, you can easily free up your internal storage space such as moving all your apps to the microSD card, uninstall the bloatwares.. Make sure you get everything right beforehand.. KingoRoot offers the best one-click Android root software for free.The download will be automatically started to your PC. After download is complete, install the Kingo ROOT.. After launching Kingo Android Root, you will see its interface as shown below.. If your device USB driver is not installed on your Computer, Kingo ROOT will install it for you automatically. Make sure you get Internet conenction so that device driver can be downloaded. If you can't connect your devcie to the computer, please refer to Device Not Connected .. If you are using Windows 8, you may need to change some settings first. When running Kingo Android Root on Windows 8, the issue you may most likely encounter is driver installation looping.. How to solve driver installation looping on Windows 8 when running Kingo Android Root?. USB Debugging mode enabled is a necessary step of Android rooting process.. INPORTANT : Pay attention to your device screen for a prompt window. Tick "Always allow from this computer". If you don't, you will probably get yourself an OFFLINE DEVICE.. How to enable USB Debugging mode?. However, it is not exactly a small issue either. Rooting your device may open a door for you, and yet with risks.. Android rooting is a modification process to the original system, in which the limitations are removed and full-access is allowed and thus resulting in the ability to alter or replace system applications and settings, run specialized apps and even facilitate the removal and replacement of the device's operating system with a custom one. Rooting your device will immediately void your warranty... Click to know more about Android Rooting .. Kingo Root will employ multiple exploits on your device, which will probably take a couple of minutes. In the rooting process, your device may be rebooted several times. Do not be panic, it is perfectly normal. And once it begins, please DO NOT touch, move, unplug or perform any operation on your device.. Hopefully your device is well supported and successfully rooted by Kingo. Until your device reboots itself, do not operate.. Normally, you will find an app named "SuperUser" installed on your device after successful rooting.. How to Root Android without Computer (APK ROOT without PC). How to Root Android with KingoRoot (PC Version). How to Root Android 6.0/6.0.1 (Marshmallow) with KingoRoot APK. How to Get Root Access on Android 6.0/6.0.1 Marshmallow devices with KingoRoot. How to root Android 5.0/5.1 (Lollipop) with KingoRoot APK. How to Root Android 4.4 KitKat (4.4.2 & 4.4.4) with KingoRoot. How to Root Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean with KingoRoot. How to Root Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean with KingoRoot. How to Root ZTE in One Click with KingoRoot Android. How to Root Lenovo in One Click with KingoRoot Android. KingoRoot Android on Windows has the highest success rate. It supports almost any Android device and version.. KingoRoot for Android is the most convenient and powerful apk root tool. Root any Android device and version without connecting to PC.. Copyright Â© 2013-2017 FingerPower Digital Technology Ltd. Android, Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.. 
The best tools to make your project dreams come true. Courtesy of All About Circuits. Remember the time when mobile phones were just phones? Or how about when text functionality was introduced? Mobile phones have really come a long way since their creation in the 80’s. Smartphones are so common now, that you can find some for under $20. In this teardown, we will look at a Vodafone Smart First 7 to see the techniques used to make something with that much functionality so inexpensively.. The outside of a modern smartphone is a lot more simple than phones of the past, yet is also more complex. The simplicity comes in the form of just three buttons on the front (and several on the side for power and volume control) whereas the complexity comes from the touch screen. The back of the phone reveals a 2MP camera alongside a USB port for both charging and for use as a portable drive.. The front of the Smart First 7. Taking the back off the phone reveals the SIM card holder, an SD card holder for increased storage, a battery connector, and product information (some specific to the device).. The Lithium-Ion battery used in the Vodafone Smart First 7. Metal shielding shown behind the product information label. This is as far as most users of smartphones will go before sending the device to a repair shop or back to the manufacturer. However, this is a teardown, and with that in mind, it’s time to start opening this baby up! The whole phone is kept together with 6 tiny screws found along the perimeter of the phone case (thankfully, there are no screws hidden underneath sticky labels). One cool feature found on the phone (no images, however) was that the bottom right screw had a symbol glued to the top, which was a padlock. That padlock symbol is probably a tamperproof seal where if a phone is sent back damaged and that label has been removed, the warrantee is voided.. Or is it the front? Perspective is everything!. Text on the PCB displaying product information. The obvious parts on the device include an IC labelled 3138TQ (6 channel charge pump for LED driving), USB connector, screw fittings, camera module, speaker, vibrator, SD card reader, SIM card reader, and a microphone. Considering how the back of the PCB is pretty much void of all components, it can be assumed that the controllers and important high frequency ICs are located underneath the metal shielding (most likely due to EMC regulations).. The 3 138TQ6 Channel White LED Driver. Pretty gold contacts and the USB connector. One of the many fiducials (found just above the “MZDc” text). A smartphone cannot be made from a charge pump IC and a few passive parts, a controller of some kind is needed. Since this phone is already destined to become junk, a small circular saw (attached to a rotary tool) was used to cut the many solder connections between the PCB and the metal casings. As expected, all the important ICs came to light!. The first casing removed revealing the main controller. All cases removed exposing all parts. The first major IC is the SPREADTRUM SC7731G , which is a 1.3GHz Quad core A7 processor which contains many features such as a Modem (WCDMA/GGE), GPU (Mali 400 MP2), integrated 1080P HD Video decoding, Wi-Fi, GPS, FM, and BT all done using a 28nm feature process.. The second IC that sits next to the main CPU is the SK Hynix H9TP32A4GDDC which (through deduction) must be the SDRAM for the module (close proximity to the main controller). If this is the SDRAM, then it would have a size of 512MB all packaged in a ball grid array.. The third IC is the SPREADTRUM SC2342A, which is a 4 in 1 RF module designed for mobile applications. A datasheet cannot be found but several websites show stock listings for the IC with a brief description. Considering the nature of the mobile device, it is safe to assume that this IC really does deal with RF communication.. The fourth IC has the identification of SC2662H and is produced by SPREADTRUM. However, no information can be found on what the exact functionality of that IC is, but with a bit of thought we can speculate. Some power management ICs on the market tend to have their rating on the ident. For example, a package designed to regulate up to 1A may have “1A” in its name. This IC has .1A on the end of the second line, which may suggest that it too can handle 1A, and thus implies that it is a power management IC. Secondly, the IC is placed very close to the USB charging port which increases the chance of this IC being some form of power management for the Lithium-Ion battery. This IC may also handle the USB for the main controller considering the number of IO pins on the IC (approximately 32 pins).. The next few integrated circuits are harder to determine and have no datasheets online. It is most likely that all of these ICs where bundled from the same distributor with some of the ICs having either custom part numbers to prevent reverse engineering or those ICs are custom silicon devices.. This smart phone shows how silicon devices are removing the need for many different ICs and condensing as much functionality into one device. Sure, there are multiple ICs on this PCB, but if this same device were made 10 years ago, there would easily be 10 times more ICs much larger than the ones in this phone. The use of surface mount parts has rapidly become the dominant form of production in the electronics industry with the most common PCBs now having more than 2 layers of copper. All in all, this was a high quality PCB demonstrating proper EMC control and low cost manufacturing techniques.. You can get a closer look at this design in Scheme-It. Maker.io and Digi-Key Electronics are not associated with any third party to which Maker.io links other than franchised suppliers.. 
Rewards on Pay as you go. My Vodafone app for iPhone and Android. Rewards on Pay as you go. My Vodafone app for iPhone and Android. All community This category This board Users. Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.. Float this Topic for Current User. Can anyone tell me if the Vodafone Smart First 7 has the ability to change the display from portrait to landscape and if so, where is the setting.. Hi don't have that phone but on most Android's it's in settings, display, auto rotate screen.. I'm looking at the VFD-200-English-User-Manual.pdf from the Vodafone website and there is no reference in it to Auto-rotate.. Also, there is no paragraph 11.2.3 Display that I can find.. So in settings, display, there is no option?. Ah ok, doesn't seem like the option is there?. A guide to using the Community. Wifi Calling - Galaxy S8 Duos. Default to credit rating - URGENT. Galaxy S7 EDGE wifi calling, no option. Defaulted Vodafone account on my credit file. Vodafone Smart Tab 3 7 wifi greyed out. Smart Ultra 7 - unable to charge. Registered office: Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. 
Which? uses cookies to improve our sites and by continuing you agree to our cookies policy. Technology Home & garden Money Baby & child Cars & travel Campaigns Services More from Which?. Technology TV & home entertainment Computing Digital cameras Audio Phones Car technology Wearable technology Broadband, mobile & TV services Smart homes and gadgets. Televisions Sound bars Home cinema systems PVRs & set-top boxes TV DVD combis Aerials Blu-ray DVD players Internet TV boxes TV providers. The very best TVs you can buy, including LED, 4K and HDR models from the big brands.. Upgrade your TV's sound with one of these fantastic, easy-to-install sound systems.. Enjoy catch-up TV, on-demand films and apps with one of these superb streaming boxes.. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation. Ebook readers Laptops Printers All-in-one PCs Antivirus software packages Cloud storage tools Tablets Wi-fi routers and extenders Shredders Broadband deals Broadband providers External hard drives Desktop PCs. The very best laptops we've tested, with great battery life, speedy processors and sharp screens.. Best cheap laptops for under £500. You don't need to spend a fortune to get a great laptop.. Top-quality machines that turn out fast, high quality prints and won't cost a fortune.. Troubleshooting tips and simple tutorials on our tech advice website. Contact the Which? Tech Support Helpline for jargon-free technical support. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Compact cameras Bridge cameras DSLR cameras Camcorders Action cameras. Take photos you'll want to share with one of these top-quality compact cameras.. These brilliant bridge cameras take five-star photos in all types of lighting conditions.. Whether you're snorkelling or cycling, these are the action cameras worth buying.. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Radios Headphones Mini hi-fi systems Wireless & bluetooth speakers Record players and turntables MP3 players. Enjoy crystal clear sound and well-balanced bass from the best headphones we've tested.. Find a radio with crystal-clear sound that makes tuning in to your favourite stations a pleasure.. Make the most of your music with one of these fantastic wireless and Bluetooth speakers.. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Mobile phones Cordless phones Simple mobile phones Mobile security apps Nuisance calls Mobile phone providers. The best smartphones we've tested, with sharp screens, snappy processors and long-lasting batteries.. Not sure whether to buy an iPhone or a Samsung Galaxy? Our lab test results will tell you which is best.. Top-quality home phones you can rely on - and perfect for nattering to friends and family. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Get from A to B quicker with these super sat navs from brands such as Garmin and TomTom.. How to buy the best sat nav. Expert buying advice to help you cut through the jargon and find your perfect sat nav.. Avoid buying a dud dash cam by choosing one of these brilliant Best Buys.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Find out about the Which? Car Survey. Discover how feedback from 60,000 UK drivers helps us steer people to the most reliable cars.. Smartwatches Fitness watches & activity trackers. Discover the best activity trackers you can buy, from brands such as Fitbit and Garmin.. From smartphone notifications and messaging to activity tracking, these watches do it all.. Use our interactive tool to help you decide whether you need a smartwatch or a fitness tracker.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Broadband deals Mobile phone providers TV providers Broadband providers Broadband speed test. We reveal the best, and worst, broadband providers, based on feedback from thousands of customers.. We reveal what mobile phone users really think of their network - use our results to choose the best network provider.. Expert buying advice, plus in-depth reviews of Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and Sky Now TV.. Contact the Which? Tech Support Helpline for jargon-free technical support. The latest consumer news, with independent expert analysis and advice on issues you care about.. Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV services. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Smart home hubs Wireless security cameras Smart thermostats Home automation explained Drones Virtual reality Smart home automation. The best smart security cameras we've tested, from brands such as Nest, Belkin and D-Link.. Keep your home warm and your energy bills in check with one of these Best Buys.. It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Home & garden Kitchen Bedroom Bathroom Garden Laundry & floorcare Heating, energy & air treatment Household essentials Shopping, food & drink Home improvements Home security & safety Health & personal care Mobility & disability aids. Refrigeration appliances Cookers & ovens Dishwashing Kettles & coffee makers Mixers, blenders & juicers Small cooking appliances Kitchen accessories. Refrigeration appliances Fridge freezers Fridges Freezers. Cookers & ovens Built-in ovens Freestanding cookers Range cookers Hobs Cooker hoods Microwaves Halogen ovens. Dishwashing Dishwashers Dishwasher tablets Washing-up liquid Limescale remover. Kettles & coffee makers Coffee machines Filter coffee makers Kettles Nespresso compatible coffee capsules. Mixers, blenders & juicers Food processors Stand mixers Blenders Juicers Hand blenders Hand mixers. Small cooking appliances Toasters Bread makers Air fryers Steamers Slow cookers George Foreman grills Ice cream makers Soup makers. Kitchen accessories Steam cleaners Spiralizers Ice cream makers Kitchen knives Cheap small kitchen appliances Unusual kitchen gadgets. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch.. Know your rights - Home appliances. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Mattresses Mattress brands Adjustable beds Electric blankets Mattress toppers Pillows Duvets. Thousands of owners have rated their brand of mattress in our survey to reveal the best brands for getting a great night's sleep.. Choosing the best type of mattress. Memory foam, pocket sprung or latex? We explain the options for finding the best mattress.. Expert tips for choosing the right bed for you and your home.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Electric showers Electric toothbrushes Electric shavers Beard trimmers & hair clippers Hair dryers Epilators Bathroom scales Bathroom brands Best shower brands Water-saving shower heads Limescale removers Bath aids Toiletries shopping. How to choose the best shower. What you need to consider when choosing a new shower, plus reviews of the best brands and models.. How to get the best hearing aid. From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know.. The best electric toothbrushes for cleaning power and battery life, based on our rigorous lab tests.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Gardening tools What to grow Gardening accessories. Gardening tools Strimmers Lawn mowers Chainsaws Hedge trimmers Pressure washers Leaf blowers Garden shredders Secateurs Lawn tractors. What to grow Gardening through the year Grow your own. Gardening accessories Barbecues Compost Compost bins Controlled release fertilisers Mini greenhouses Greenhouses Sheds Cat repellents X-hose and other expandable hoses Artificial grass. Don't get lumbered with an awkward-to-use lawn mower - pick one of these top-rated models instead.. This expert guide explains the different types of hedge trimmer, plus how much you need to spend.. We round up the top-scoring pressure washers in five different categories to help you find the best one for your garden.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Find simple solutions to your gardening questions.. Laundry Washing machines Washer dryers Washing powder and laundry detergent Fabric conditioners Tumble dryers Steam irons Garment steamers Electrical stores rated Sewing machines. Vacuums & floorcare Vacuum cleaners Cordless vacuums Handheld vacuums Robot vacuums Carpet cleaners Steam cleaners Carpet stain removers. Top five best cheap washing machines. Bag a bargain Best Buy washing machine with our experts' pick of the cheapest on test.. The latest Best Buy-recommended vacuums that our tests show are a doddle to use, and leave carpets and hard floors spotless.. Vented, heat pump or condenser? We explain the different types of tumble dryer, with expert advice on choosing the right model for you.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch.. Know your rights - Home appliances. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Heating Air treatment Electricity Energy bills & companies Generating your own energy. Heating Boilers Boiler servicing contracts Smart thermostats Carbon monoxide detectors Wood burning stoves Home heating systems Underfloor heating systems Heating oil Electric heaters. Air treatment Dehumidifiers Air conditioners Air purifiers. Electricity Energy monitors Smart meters Smart thermostats Solar panels Saving money on your energy bills. Energy bills & companies Energy companies Saving money on your energy bills Feed-in tariffs explained Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) explained Home grants. Generating your own energy Solar panels Wood burning stoves Wind turbines Ground source heat pumps Air source heat pumps Feed-in tariffs explained Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI). Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch.. Know your rights - home appliances. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Batteries Rechargeable batteries Light bulbs Best cleaning products Dishwasher tablets Washing-up liquid Limescale remover Laundry detergent Fabric conditioners Carpet stain removers. Find out which own-brand and branded laundry detergents and washing powders deliver top-class cleaning at the best price.. Five tips for choosing the right light bulb. From fittings to colour temperatures, how to buy the best halogen, LED or standard light bulb for your needs.. Fed up of opening the dishwasher to find streaky glasses and grimy plates? We reveal the best dishwasher tablets to make the whole load sparkle.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Shopping Product safety Research and testing methods Best and worst shops Supermarkets Toiletries shopping Boxing Day and January sales Electrical stores rated. Food and drink Nespresso compatible coffee capsules Best food and drink Pet food Supermarkets. Find out how your supermarket compares with the rest using the results of our poll of thousands of shoppers.. The results of our price comparison reveals this month's cheapest and priciest places to shop for groceries.. Top-rated supermarket and branded fizz, based on the verdict of our expert panel of taste testers.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on food & drink. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Renovating your home Power tools DIY and home maintenance. Renovating your home Fitted kitchens Bathrooms Loft conversions Conservatories Insulation Double glazing Wood flooring Home grants. Power tools Screwdrivers Sanders Jigsaws Circular saws Drills. DIY and home maintenance Damp Best DIY stores and DIY websites. We've surveyed more than 2,000 owners to bring you customer scores and ratings for 11 top fitted-kitchen brands.. The best and worst double glazing firms, as voted for by thousands of Which? members.. Expert advice on getting rid of damp caused by condensation, penetrating damp and rising damp.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch.. Know your rights - Home & property. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Burglar alarms and home security Smoke alarms Carbon monoxide detectors Wireless security cameras Shredders Baby monitors Stair gates Anti-virus software. Find the best company to install your burglar alarm with our exclusive reviews.. Keep your family safe by choosing one of the smoke alarms that earned top marks in our stringent safety tests.. Smart home security and monitoring To enable screen reader support. From wireless security cameras to door sensors, we explain the kit you can use to monitor your home.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. Know your rights - Home & property. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Health & personal care Shaving & haircare. Health & personal care Painkillers Electric toothbrushes Bathroom scales Sun creams Dentists Optician stores Laser eye surgery Blood pressure monitors Health accessories Toiletries shopping Hearing aids Fitness trackers Fitness watches SAD lamps. Shaving & haircare Electric shavers Hair dryers Epilators Beard trimmers and hair clippers. How to choose the best shower. What you need to consider when choosing a new shower, plus reviews of the best brands and models.. How to get the best hearing aid. From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know.. The best electric toothbrushes for cleaning power and battery life, based on our rigorous lab tests.. Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Join the conversation on home & energy. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Mobility scooters Riser recliner chairs Stairlifts Assistive technology Adjustable beds Bath aids Mobility aids Hearing aids. How to get the best hearing aid. From types of hearing aid to getting the best fit, our comprehensive guide reveals what you need to know.. Discover the average price you should expect to pay for a stairlift and how to get financial help to buy one.. We've road-tested popular mobility scooters to uncover the best for comfort and ease of driving on different surfaces.. Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Money Insurance Tax Mortgages & property Credit cards & loans Pensions & retirement Savings & Isas Investing Wills & probate Banking Money-saving tips. Health insurance Car insurance Travel insurance Life insurance Pet insurance Home insurance Dental insurance Legal expenses insurance Income protection & PPI Funeral plans Wedding insurance. How to get cheap car insurance. Follow our eight steps to drive down the cost of your cover.. See which policies come out top based on cover and customer satisfaction.. We've scrutinised 196 policies to find out which companies combine good cover with great customer service.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Income tax Saving on tax National insurance Capital gains tax Inheritance tax Tax credits & benefits Council tax Tax calculator. Our easy-to-use tax return tool helps you calculate your annual tax bill, offering tips and tricks to save money, and you can submit your return direct to HMRC.. Find out the latest rules about inheritance tax and how to plan ahead. Understand the system and what you could be entitled to. Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions.. Know your rights - tax problems and complaints. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. First-time buyers Home movers Mortgages Buy-to-let Renting a home New-build homes Scottish and Northern Irish property systems Overseas property. Find out how much you can borrow, what your monthly repayments will be and more.. Choose a broker, boost your chances of being accepted and compare deals like a pro.. Understand the entire process, from viewing properties and making an offer to having a survey done and moving in.. 0800 316 4154 Find the best deal with independent advice from Which? Mortgage Advisers.. Stay on top of the process with expert guidance and fixed fees.. Find the best high-street estate agents by comparing their past performance and fees.. Credit cards Loans Credit scores Debt and how to deal with it. Get to grips with what information your credit report contains and why it matters.. Tips to finding the best credit card. The credit card market is vast and varied. Understand which type of card is right for you.. Find the best credit cards for you with Which? Money Compare.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Starting to plan your retirement State pension Company pensions Personal pensions Options for cashing in your pensions You're retired: working on, benefits, equity release Retiring abroad Long term care Which? Elderly Care. Find out when you'll qualify for the state pension and how much you're likely to get. The best income from your pension pot. Get to grips with the different ways to turn your pension pot into an income. Do you want an annuity, income drawdown, lump sums - or a combination?. Calculate how much money you could get from different pension options - are you likely to be better off with an annuity or income drawdown?. Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get free, practical advice about caring for older people with Which? Elderly Care.. The different types of savings account. Understand the pros and cons of your savings options, from instant-access accounts to fixed-rate bonds.. How to find the best cash Isa. With interest rates lower than ever, use our guide to find a competitive account.. Understand all the ins and outs of Isas, including how much you can save and what restrictions they have.. Compare savings accounts and Isa rates. Find the best savings accounts and Isas for you with Which? Money Compare.. Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Learn how investing works Stock and shares Isas Types of investment Fund supermarkets Financial advice. Use our checklist before risking your money on the markets. Do you have the right safeguards in place?. How to invest in a stocks and shares Isa. Understand your options for tax-efficient Isa investing - should you take advice or make your own decisions?. Choose the right investment broker for your needs with our unique ratings: we sort the best from the worst on a range of measures, from value for money to customer service.. Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Power of attorney Probate Passing on your money Which? Elderly Care. Find out how to make a will, either on your own or with the help of a professional.. Discover how to get a grant of probate and how the process works if you're doing it yourself.. Understand the costs and the forms you'll need to fill in.. Make your will online with Which? Wills - it's quick, easy, and affordable.. Get expert legal advice on probate. Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Current accounts Student and graduate bank accounts Switching your bank Best bank accounts Banking security and new ways to pay. Choose the right bank for your needs with our unique customer-satisfaction rankings.. Best banks for dealing with fraud. Find out how your bank compares when it comes to handling fraud claims.. Understand how scammers attempt to access your bank account - and how to protect yourself.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Budgeting Saving money Getting a great deal Making money Broadband deals Saving money on your energy bills Feed-in tariffs explained Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) explained Home grants. Learn how you could pocket an extra £1,000 this year with our comprehensive guide to boosting your finances.. Discover the software packages that are best at helping you manage your money.. 10 tips for finding cheap train tickets. From splitting your ticket to timing your booking right, find out how to cut the cost of your journey.. Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Baby & child Baby transport Nursery & feeding Child safety at home Shopping & family finances. Pushchairs Baby carriers and baby slings Child car seats Multimac Baby sun shades Travelling with children. Top 10 best child car seats. Our experts round up the top-scoring child car seats that have passed our safety tests and are easy to fit.. Our lab tests and panel of parent testers have revealed the strollers, travel systems and all-terrain buggies that won't let you down.. How to buy the best baby carrier or baby sling. Expert tips for buying a carrier that keeps you and your baby safe and comfortable.. Find the right place for you to give birth. Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Feeding and changing Nursery Bath and bedtime Pregnancy and birth. Feeding and changing High chairs Breast pumps Formula milk Baby feeding products Baby changing bags Potty training Nappies Baby wipes. Nursery Baby walkers Baby bouncers Nursery lighting Playpens Nursery furniture. Bath and bedtime Cot beds Nursery blackout blinds Baby baths Cots Moses baskets and cribs Travel cots Getting baby to sleep Cot mattresses. Pregnancy and birth Tens machines Packing for the birth Apps for parents Which? Birth Choice. These Best Buy high chairs are sturdy, durable, easy to clean and have useful features, such as effective foot rests.. Which? helps you choose the best formula milk for your child and making bottle feeding easier.. Say goodbye to uncomfortable minutes spent expressing milk. Our tests have revealed the best easy-to-use breast pump models.. Find the right place for you to give birth. Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Baby monitors Stair gates Digital thermometers Baby safety equipment Head lice and nits Calpol and pain relief Trampolines Smart toys - should you buy them?. These top-rated baby monitors won't let you down when you need them most.. The best nit and head lice treatments. Head lice leaving your kids scratching their heads? We've surveyed parents to find out which nit treatments work best.. How to choose the best stair gate. We help you choose a safe and easy-to-fit stair gate in this expert buying guide.. Find the right place for you to give birth. Explore your maternity options and decide what's best for you with Which? Birth Choice.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Shopping for your baby Family finances Working parents. Shopping for your baby Baby products you need Second hand baby kit Shopping for a new baby Best deals on baby products. Family finances Tax credits & benefits. What to expect when you are expecting - in the way of freebies and cheap baby-themed goodies.. Parents' 10 most useful baby products. Parents vote on the most useful baby kit - plus the so-called essentials that will just gather dust.. Returning to work? Discover how much you can expect to pay for different types of childcare.. Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Cars & travel Cars Travel. Car reviews Car brand reviews Choosing a car advice Car ownership advice. Car reviews Estate cars City cars Medium cars Large cars Compact SUVs Large SUVs Small cars MPVs Sports cars Convertible cars Luxury cars Fuel-efficient cars Most reliable cars. Car brand reviews Mercedes-Benz Audi Ford Honda Hyundai Mazda BMW Nissan Skoda Toyota Vauxhall Volkswagen All car brand reviews >. Choosing a car advice Best Buy cars How to buy the best car Car buying tips Choosing between petrol & diesel How we test cars All car advice guides >. Car ownership advice Most reliable cars Driver calculators & tools Best car tyre brands Best car breakdown cover How to find a good garage All car advice guides >. Step-by-step legal guidance on cars and motoring. Sign up to Which? Legal for full telephone support from our experts to put you on the right track.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.. Travel essentials Transport & accommodation Outdoor clothing & accessories Planning your trip. Travel essentials Suitcases Cabin bags Travel money Travel health. Transport & accommodation Airlines and airports Trains Car hire UK hotel chains Consumer rights: flights Consumer rights: car hire. Outdoor clothing & accessories Binoculars Outdoor clothing Outdoor accessories. Planning your trip Tripadvisor Cruise lines Travel agents Destinations. We pack them, drop them, pull them and carry them so you can find a Best Buy that won't let you down.. There are some awful car hire companies, according to our survey. We reveal the best and name the ones to avoid.. Find out the airlines loved by their passengers, and see ratings for comfort and value for money.. Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small.. Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.. Our care system is at breaking point. Help us convince the government to confront the creaking care system.. Join us in calling on the government, regulators and businesses to confront scams head on.. When your flight's delayed, all airlines should compensate you automatically. Dangerous products are putting millions of people at risk. Sign our petition to demand action now.. Are you getting the broadband speed you were promised? Use our tool to find out.. Our railways are plagued by delays, cancellations and overcrowding. Sign our petition to demand better.. New rules mean more choice as you approach retirement. Join our call for better pensions.. Plagued by nuisance calls and texts? Use our tool to report the culprits.. Free-to-use cashpoints are at risk of closure. We want the regulator to take action now to save Britain's cashpoints.. Do you feel tricked by sneaky fees and charges? Sign our petition to help us put a stop to this practice.. We don't think banks always treat their customers fairly - help us hold them to account.. Do you think you pay a fair price for your energy? If in doubt sign our petition.. A community website to share your views on the consumer issues of the day.. An expert guide to your consumer rights with free tools and advice for what to do if things go wrong.. Get involved in our latest campaigns and find out how to take action.. Consumer advice Which? services Member exclusive. Consumer advice Consumer Rights Which? University Which? Birth Choice Which? Elderly Care Money Helpline. Which? services Which? Trusted Traders Which? Mortgage Advisers Which? Legal Conveyancing Which? Wills Which? Switch Which? Money Compare Which? Probate. Member exclusive Which? Local Computing Helpdesk Gardening Helpdesk. More from Which? About Which? News & community. About us What we do & how we work Help / FAQ Press office Which? Policy Which? Consumer insight Which? Directory Careers Contact us 60 years of Which?. Which? membership Our products and services Log in. Latest news from Which? Which? Conversation. My account Log in Sign up. Phones Mobile phones Cordless phones Simple mobile phones Mobile security apps Mobile phone providers Nuisance calls. Vodafone Smart First 7 review As the name suggests it's aimed at first-time smartphone owners, but will it convert new users to the world of internet-friendly phones or put them off forever? We put it to the test to find out. We like the fact that you can add a micro-SD card to increase the on-board storage. This comes in handy as there's only 1.6GB of built-in space available. But does it have the necessary processing power and battery life to make it a credible smartphone? We reveal all in our expert review.. Launched May 2015 Reviewed Jun 2016. Try Which? for £1 to reveal the products that perform. Or is it a waste of cash?. Our Test Labs compare features and prices on a range of products. Try Which? to unlock our reviews. You'll instantly be able to compare our test scores, so you can make sure you don't get stuck with a Don't Buy.. Call clarity Battery life Camera quality. Find out how we test mobile phones. Test results Find out how we test mobile phones. score is available for members only. score is available for members only. score is available for members only. Try Which? for £1 to reveal all the scores. Vodafone Smart First 7. Our Test Labs compare features and prices on a range of products. Try Which? to unlock our reviews. You'll instantly be able to compare our test scores, so you can make sure you don't get stuck with a Don't Buy.. As well as thousands of impartial product reviews from our Test Labs, a Which? membership also gets you:. Advice on the move with our apps. Which? magazine delivered to your door. The inside scoop on important issues, from scams to savings accounts. Which? can help you make good decisions. Already a member? Log in here. Alternative mobile phones from Vodafone. Which ? score %. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7. Which ? score %. Find out how to buy the best mobile phone for you. Here, we give you our top shopping tips, and highlight the latest smartphone releases.. Baffled by all the mobile phone brands on offer? We give the rundown on the most reliable brands, and how their smartphones get on in our test lab.. Apple iPhone vs Samsung Galaxy mobile phones. We put the iPhone 8 and Samsung Galaxy S8 - as well as other mobile phones from Apple and Samsung - head to head in our lab tests.. Popular Categories Boilers Built-in ovens Child car seats Coffee machines Digital cameras Dishwashers Laptops Televisions Microwaves Printers and ink Food processors Pushchairs Sat navs Steam cleaners Steam irons Fridge freezers Tablets Tumble dryers Vacuum cleaners Washing machines. Follow us Find out more from digital Which? digital blog. 
See all Gaming & Toys. See all Personal Care & Beauty. See all Connected Health & Fitness. Phone & GPS Mobile Phones Vodafone Smart First 7 Smartphone + Prepay SIM Card. Vodafone Smart First 7 Smartphone + Prepay SIM Card. 14 day no questions asked on all returns. Efficient: the Smart First 7's homescreen embodies a simple design for easily making available all the features you need in the one place so you can make calls, send text messages, browse the web, take photos, send emails and loads more - all a single tap away. Operating System and 1.3GHz Quad-Core Processor interdependently ensure both the power and speed you need while its Bluetooth v4.0, Wi-Fi, GPS and. FM Radio make it almost effortless to keep productive. Camera: never miss a moment with the Vodafone Smart First 7 as it features a 2MP rear camera.. Plentiful: for whether you need to work or play, store more music, pictures, videos and data by increasing the 4GB memory capacity with a micro SD card up to 64GB.. This item is available online with Free Delivery , but may not be available at all Harvey Norman stores.. Purchase online today to secure your product.. For more information please feel free to contact us using the Ask Us tab.. Smart First 7 is a perfectly sized smartphone, with all the essentials you need packaged in a sleek, timeless design. No matter where you are or what you do, the people you care about are always connected with you.. This phone is set up to only work with a Vodafone NZ SIM. To use with another networks SIM, a $30 unlock fee will apply. See vodafone.co.nz/unlock for information.. Vodafone Smart First 7 Smartphone + Prepay SIM Card is rated. Rated 1 out of. We got this about 7 weeks ago for our daughter and it continuously glitches, it exits out of everything shortly after you. Rated 2 out of. I bought this phone for my daughter it is a very basic phone does the job, not the kind of phone for web browsing but didn't want an expensive phone if it gets lost. Battery needs recharge everyday not good on battery life but you get what you pay for. Rated 1 out of. It's just lying somewhere in the house as it looks like a fake phone and no one wants to use it. Rated 2 out of. Yes as it says, nothing flash, dose what it says and still working got a good deal and was what we wanted to pay.. Rated 5 out of. This is a great phone for those who want something simple. During checkout, select “Free pick up in store” and select your preferred store. After your order is placed, you will receive an “order confirmation email” with your “order confirmation number” (this is usually sent out within 2 hours). Once the store has confirmed your order and reserved the stock, you will receive an email “Ready for collection”. Bring your "order confirmation number" to the store you selected for pick up, along with photo ID and the credit card you used to make the order. Speak to one of our staff and your order should be processed in minutes. We aim to dispatch orders within 2 days. Delivery costs are calculated based on your location and the size of your order. Furniture may take up to 8 weeks to deliver as most products are made specifically for your order. Some goods may take longer to deliver if a product is currently not in stock. A staff member will contact you where this occurs.. Can’t wait for delivery or don’t want to pay additional charges? It’s incredibly simple to pick up your online order in store and get your hands on your product quickly and easily. Simply select the Free pick up in store option and head to your nearest Harvey Norman store to pick up your order.. If you feel your product has failed a Consumer Guarantee (as defined by New Zealand Consumer Law) then don't worry you can easily return it to your local Harvey Norman store. We'll even pay for the postage if you live in an area where there is no store. Our returns policy covers any purchased item ( conditions apply ).. Vodafone Smart First 7 Handset Charger USB cable Wired stereo headset Quick Start Guide Product Safety Information. Buy online & pick up in store free Over 30 stores nationwide. If you feel your product has failed a Consumer Guarantee (as defined by New Zealand Consumer Law) then dont worry you can easily return it to your local Harvey Norman store. We’ll even pay for the postage if you live in an area where there is no store. We also offer a 14 day no questions asked exchange policy for online purchases only. Exclusions apply, see here for details.. Avoid shipping charges and pick up your order quickly and easily from your local Harvey Norman store. Simply buy online, select the Free pick up in store option and head to your nearest store to pick up your order.. We have over 30 locations across New Zealand offering you a great, local shopping experience. Visit your local store for demonstrations and advice across our great product range and rest assured that when you purchase from Harvey Norman online, mobile or in store, you can contact your local store at any time for assistance with your purchase. © 2007-2018 Harvey Norman Stores (NZ) Pty Limited, Private Bag 94035. South Auckland Mail Centre, Wiri Auckland 2240. All prices are inclusive of GST.. Fill out my online form .. Delivery to ###_delivery_address_### ###_delivery_cost_###. This product is not available for delivery.. Delivery to ###_customer_address_### ###_delivery_cost_###. This product is not available for delivery.. 
