GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). 141 x 71.4 x 9.5 mm (5.55 x 2.81 x 0.37 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~68.5% screen-to-body ratio). 540 x 960 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~220 ppi density). microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Vodafone Smart 4 power - user opinions and reviews. my mobile n985 screen has been damaged due to water is it replaceible. Goto developer options & switch on 'show touches'. If you take the back off, you may see the surround to the screen is cracked in places by dropping. Nothing for it but new phone... Holy cow! I have the exact same problem! My phone is touching itself like a 14 year old boy who just discovered the naughty channel on the telly. I mean you can replace the screen, but I prefer replacing the phone inst.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Vodafone Smart 4 turbo Vodafone Smart 4 max alcatel Pop S7 Samsung I9190 Galaxy S4 mini Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Vodafone Smart Tab N8. Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8. 
Your are currently using Vodafone.com without Javascript. Without javascript enabled we cannot guarantee your current experience but would you like to visit our mobile version for a better experance?. Choose your country for customer service, offers and more. We have a significant presence in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific through our subsidiary undertakings, joint ventures, associated undertakings and investments. Visit our 'Where we are' map to see the countries where we have coverage.. Vodafone Smart 4 power features the very latest 4G technology, a large vibrant screen which is perfect for watching videos, reading or playing games, and a high capacity battery to keep you connected all day and all night. The Vodafone Smart 4 power offers high-speed 4G and 3G HSPA+ connectivity, a super-fast 1.3GHz quad-core processor, a large 5.0” qHD multi-touch screen and a battery capacity of 3000 mAh. It runs on the latest Android KitKat operating system. The device also features Near Field Communications technology (NFC), which allows you to benefit from the speed, simplicity and convenience of managing your everyday transactions with a single wave or tap of your smartphone. It comes with an NFC quick-start guide, and two pre-configured NFC tags to allow you to take advantage of NFC technology straight out of the box.. 1.3 GHz Quad-Core, MTK 6582M, MTK 6290 (LTE modem). 4GB ROM + 1GB RAM, MicroSD slot (up to 32GB). GSM / EDGE / 3G / HSPA+ / LTE-CAT4. Wifi 802.11b/g/n (EAP-SIM), A-GPS, BT4.0 A2DP, NFC, HD Voice, FM radio w/ RDS. Charger, USB cable, headset, Quick Start Guide (QSG), NFC QSG with 2 NFC tags. We use cookies to improve your experience, show you content you may like. Continue if you're ok with this, or read our privacy policy .. We use cookies to improve your experience on this site. 
Visit manufacturer site for details.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Ambient light sensor, proximity sensor, G-sensor. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Vodafone Smart 4 power - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 4 ». my mobile n985 screen has been damaged due to water is it replaceible. Anonymous, 25 Sep 2016 My vodafone power 4 turbo 2 has a mind of its own. If im typing in my unlock password itll sta... more Goto developer options & switch on 'show touches'. If you take the back off, you may see the surround to the screen is cracked in places by dropping. Nothing for it but new phone... Anonymous, 25 Sep 2016 My vodafone power 4 turbo 2 has a mind of its own. If im typing in my unlock password itll sta... more Holy cow! I have the exact same problem! My phone is touching itself like a 14 year old boy who just discovered the naughty channel on the telly. I mean you can replace the screen, but I prefer replacing the phone instead.. eri, 02 Feb 2016 where we can find screen for this type because the screen is broken u will find display+touch on aliexpres under tha name vodafone 985n. Amjad Ali, 01 Mar 2016 Can I update this phone to Android 5.0 Lollipop? Are there any ROM's available for this device... My vodafone power 4 turbo 2 has a mind of its own. If im typing in my unlock password itll start typing random keys by itself and if im on snapchat it will go crazy swiping between the three different windows all without me pressing anything. It also wont turn off anymore so I have to take out the battery.. ginge, 16 Jul 2015 why does my vodaphone smart poer 4 turbo i think or normal one turn of all time xxx. If you have poed in your vodaphone smart 4 powah, i got news for ya son.... This fon is probably the worst I ever had .when typing it presses other key pads continuously .I think it was affected by moisture or something else but u can't get the moisture out by dislocating the battery from the fon lyk u can do with other fons coz it's attached to the battery.its very sad to own it.. Okeh, 11 Feb 2016 Still doesnt work for me. after flash i cant unlock my device please help me email chentoufiabdeslam@hotmail.com. eri, 02 Feb 2016 where we can find screen for this type because the screen is broken You can find it on capetown. Can I update this phone to Android 5.0 Lollipop? Are there any ROM's available for this device. yup, 29 Jan 2016 just go to settings>storage and move from internal storage to sd card :/ Still doesnt work for me.. where we can find screen for this type because the screen is broken. roua_mat, 18 Aug 2015 Guys please help!. I just cannot install more than 1 (!!!) game. Its rediculus I m playing ... more just go to settings>storage and move from internal storage to sd card :/. Anonymous, 07 Jan 2016 For some reason I can hear others but they can't hear me? When I send vice message, call, or e... more Are you sure you meant VICE message!!!. Anonymous, 07 Jan 2016 For some reason I can hear others but they can't hear me? When I send vice message, call, or e... more Are you sure you meant Vice message!!. For some reason I can hear others but they can't hear me? When I send vice message, call, or even Snapchat videos I can hear other videos but there is sound when I play my own videos that I had just recorded. I had the same problem on my wife's and my phone. Issue was there till the last OTA firmware update from Vodafone (4.4.2-300FBN1). The update solved that problem and we are issue free since then.. have you solve all your problems?. Anonymous, 10 Sep 2015 had two , both would die when batt was still showing 30% have you solve your problems?. Pages: 1 2 3 4 ». Total of 80 user reviews and opinions for Vodafone Smart 4 power .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Vodafone Smart 4 turbo Vodafone Smart 4 max alcatel Pop S7 Samsung I9190 Galaxy S4 mini Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Vodafone Smart Tab N8. Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Smart may be stretching it a bit. A standard budget smartphone that does well in some areas, but falls short in others. Unfortunately there are better phones out there that cost the same or even less.. As with a growing number of handsets such as the HTC Desire 510 , EE Kestrel and Motorola Moto G 4G , the Vodafone Smart 4 Power brings 4G capability with a sub £200 price tag.. On Vodafone's own online store the Smart 4 Power is being sold for £120, making it a good deal cheaper than the HTC Desire 510, which costs £149 and the Moto G 4G, which can be had for around £155.. While the Vodafone Smart 4 Power is more affordable than these rivals, it still can't compete with the EE Kestrel's incredibly low price of just £99. EE's offering is stubbornly clinging to the title of lowest cost 4G-capable smartphone.. If you're looking for both a budget smartphone and a new network carrier and the choice falls between EE and Vodafone, then that £20 difference could be enough to sway you towards EE - unless the Smart 4 Power provides good reasons for the more expensive price tag.. The first thing I noticed when I unpacked the Vodafone Smart 4 Power is that this is a big phone, with the large bezel that surrounds the 5-inch screen making it a substantial handset.. The Vodafone Smart 4 Power's dimensions are 141 x 71.4 x 9.5mm, a good deal larger than the EE Kestrel's 133 x 65 x 7.85mm frame and the HTC Desire 510's 139.9 x 69.8 x 9.99mm, though both have smaller screens, with the Kestrel coming with a 4.5-inch display, and the HTC Desire 510 sporting a 4.7-inch.. At this price, if you're keen on getting a large-screen device, you're going to have to accept a larger body as well.. The Vodafone Smart 4 Power's weight is a hefty 162g, so you'll certainly know it's in your pocket. It gives the Vodafone Smart 4 Power a robust feel that can be missing from budget smartphones.. The plastic back of the chassis sacrifices a premium feel but feels like it could withstand the odd knock and drop. However, the lack of Gorilla Glass over the display means it's unlikely to come off well from being dropped face down or rubbing up against your keys.. When holding the Vodafone Smart 4 Power in one hand, the size and weight of the handset begins to take its toll, and it's certainly not the most comfortable smartphone I've used. If you're used to one-handed typing and navigation then you're going to find yourself stretching to reach all the corners of the screen.. Even with my not inconsiderably long digits I began feeling the strain of trying to access certain areas of the screen, with the back button on the bottom of the bezel proving particularly difficult to reach.. Though you could argue that this is par for the course with large-screen smartphones, the thickness of the edges around the screen don't help.. Making life slightly easier is the location of the power button in the middle of the right-hand side of the phone, just beneath the volume controls. These are the only buttons on the body and they prove to be firm and responsive when used.. It does mean there's no dedicated camera button, so the Vodafone Smart 4 Power isn't ideal if you want a phone you can quickly whip out and take a shot with. A headphone jack is located at the top-left of the body, with a micro USB port situated at the bottom of the case.. Removing the back of the Smart 4 Power's case is easy, and once removed you get access to the sim card slot and microSD expansion slot.. Though it's not quite as easy to get to as a microSD slot built into the side of the case, the fact that the back of the case is so easy to remove means I wasn't too bothered with the placement of the microSD slot in the Smart 4 Power.. The Vodafone Smart 4 Power will accept microSD cards up to 32GB, which does a decent job of boosting storage over the rather paltry 4GB of built-in storage.. Considering the cheaper EE Kestrel comes with 8GB of onboard storage, the 4GB of storage seems pretty tight. Fresh out of the box with Android 4.4 and other apps installed, you only actually get 1.8GB, which means that expanding the Vodafone Smart 4 Power's storage space via microSD cards is less of an option and more of a necessity, especially if you want to take lots of photographs.. While 32GB of additional space should be more than enough for many people, it's worth pointing out that some similarly priced phones such as the HTC Desire 510 can handle microSD cards up to 128GB.. The Vodafone Smart 4 Power comes in black or white. Its overall look is reminiscent of the Vodafone Smart 4 Mini , though quite a bit larger. It's a no-nonsense design which doesn't stand out against other budget handsets.. While it's certainly not ugly, and comes in either white or black, it's not going to wow anyone either. Budget handsets such as the Moto G demonstrate that just because a phone might have a low price tag, that doesn't mean they have to look plain, which sadly the Vodafone Smart 4 Power does.. Next Page Key features. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
Speakerphone, call timer, conference call, flight mode, vibrating alert. Ambient light sensor, proximity sensor, G-sensor. Radio Data Service (RDS), Android Beam, HD Voice. 0.64 W/kg (body) / 0.31 W/kg (head). Rear-facing camera, front-facing camera, FM radio, voice recorder, navigation. the displayed product image may be a different color. AAC, MPEG 2 Audio, Ogg Vorbis, AMR, MP3, FLAC, AAC +, MIDI, APE (Monkey's Audio). microSDHC - up to 32 GB. Visit manufacturer site for details.. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Ver todos los videos en YouTube. Características técnicas Vodafone Smart 4 Power. Vodafone Smart 4 Power: Características y especificaciones. El Vodafone Smart 4 Power es un smartphone Android con una pantalla qHD de 5 pulgadas, cámara trasera de 5 megapixels, procesador quad-core MediaTek a 1.3GHz, 1GB de RAM, 4GB de almacenamiento interno, radio FM y conectividad LTE.. Reviews de usuarios del Vodafone Smart 4 Power. No hay experiencias de usuarios del Vodafone Smart 4 Power. Funciones clave Vodafone Smart 4 Power. Vodafone Smart 4 Power características avanzadas. Mas opiniones del Vodafone Smart 4 Power. Opina sobre el Vodafone Smart 4 Power. GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900 - HSDPA 900 / 2100 - LTE 800 / 900 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600. 141 x 71.4 x 9.5 mm. LCD IPS touchscreen capacitivo, 16M colores. 540 x 960 pixels, 5.0 pulgadas. - Sensor acelerómetro para auto rotación. - Sensor de proximidad para auto apagado. - Conector de audio 3.5 mm. Entradas y campos prácticamente ilimitados, Foto de llamada. - 4GB memoria interna, 1GB RAM. - Procesador Mediatek MT6582M quad-core 1.3GHz. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 5 MP, 2592х1944 pixels, autofocus, flash LED, video, cámara frontal VGA. - Cancelación activa de ruido con micrófono dedicado. - Radio FM Stereo con RDS. Opiniones y Comentarios Vodafone Smart 4 Power. Hay 1 opiniones del Vodafone Smart 4 Power .. mi cámara no funciona bien.falta flash cuando quiere hay que dejar la cámara quieta bastante rato par que si no sale la foto movida y si es que sale.sale un redondel en medio de la pantalla.el tfn viene sin instruccuones. Ver todas las Opiniones del Vodafone Smart 4 Power - Total de opiniones de usuarios: 1. Tu experiencia o preguntas sobre el Vodafone Smart 4 Power. - Sé preciso en la pregunta sobre el Vodafone Smart 4 Power. - Cuenta tus experiencias positivas y negativas. - No insultes, ni uses palabras groseras, si es así probablemente tu opinión se elimine. - Recuerda que smartGSM NO vende móviles ni celulares. Tu opinión vale! Recomienda (o no!) al Vodafone Smart 4 Power a otros usuarios. Sony presenta dos nuevos flagships con nuevo lenguaje de diseño: los esperados Sony Xperia XZ2 y Xperia XZ2 Compact. Una alternativa más confiable para desbloquear la pantalla del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+: Intelligent Scan. Dos propuestas de mediana a baja gama de ZTE: Blade V9 y Blade V9 VITA, dos modelos con ligeras diferencias. Podría ocurrir que se repitan en otro lado, pero las cámaras del Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ son algo único. Presentación oficial: el Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ no viene con muchas sorpresas, pero igualmente deslumbra. SmartGSM es una de las comunidades de habla hispana más grandes sobre teléfonos celulares. Fundado en el 2004, smartGSM cubre todas las noticias y novedades sobre telefonía móvil y provee características de teléfonos celulares, smartphones, tablets y wearables. smartGSM cuenta con una comunidad de usuarios que reflejan sus experiencias, opiniones y críticas sobre teléfonos celulares y tablets.. Las especificaciones de los celulares son a título informativo y pueden variar. smartGSM no se responsabiliza del uso de las mismas.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
Sign up for our daily newsletter. Toggle menus Toggle search. Technology Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks. Despite a few weaknesses, this 5in smartphone is seriously good value You are here: Home Vodafone Vodafone Smart 4 Power review. whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email. Vodafone Smart 4 review: screen and battery life Vodafone Smart 4 review: performance Vodafone Smart 4 review: Verdict. Budget smartphones have been steadily growing in size of late, with first the Asus Zenfone 5 and then the Motorola Moto G 2 moving up to 5in displays for less than £200. The Vodafone Smart 4 power is the latest handset to join the club, but it has one feature its rivals lack: 4G. (There is a Zenfone 5 with 4G in the works, but it isn’t available yet, and when it arrives it will cost £200.) See also: the 11 best smartphones of 2014.. In even better news, this 4G Vodafone handset is a mere £120 on pay-as-you-go, undercutting both Asus and Motorola. Even for a network-branded handset, that’s good value, and when you pick it up it doesn’t feel cheap and nasty at all. It’s a touch chunky at 9.7mm thick, a little on the weighty side at 162g (13g heavier than the Moto G 2), and not the most exciting thing to look at, but there’s nothing overtly ugly about the design.. Using our X-Rite i1 Display Pro colorimeter, we recorded a maximum brightness of 438cd/m[sup]2[/sup] – a figure that puts the Moto G 2’s 332cd/m[sup]2[/sup] result to shame – and a high contrast ratio of 1,310:1. Outdoor viewing in bright sunlight certainly isn’t a problem.. The catch is that the resolution is low: with 540 x 960 pixels stretched across a screen this big, the pixel structure is clearly visible, especially around the edges of text at small point sizes. Here, the Moto G 2 and the Zenfone 5 take the lead with far crisper 720 x 1,280 displays.. You may well choose to overlook that, however, in light of the Smart 4 power’s excellent battery life. With a huge 3,000mAh power pack under the plastic rear panel, we found the phone lasted one and a half to two days of typical use.. In controlled-condition tests, the battery depleted at 4.6% per hour when playing 720p video, with the screen set to 120cd/m[sup]2[/sup] and flight mode on, and at 3.4% per hour when streaming audio over 4G from SoundCloud with the screen off. It’s the best budget phone we’ve come across for battery life, and it beats most high-end phones for stamina as well.. The Smart 4 power has a quad-core 1.3GHz MediaTek processor and a meagre 1GB of RAM. This sort of line-up usually leads to laggy, dissatisfying performance. That isn’t the case here, though: the phone feels responsive while swiping around Android 4.4 (KitKat), when browsing the web and while panning around Google Maps. The annoying typing lag we’ve experienced with so many cheap Android phones in the past is also mercifully absent.. Where it falls down is gaming. The first problem is the tiny 2GB of storage included as standard. Once you’ve installed one big title, you’ll find yourself quickly out of space, so adding a microSD card is an absolute must. Even if you do add extra space, you may find some titles – Asphalt 8: Airborne, for instance – still won’t work, since they install by default to internal storage.. The second issue is raw speed. A score of 1,342ms in SunSpider and 9.4fps in the GFXBench T-Rex HD benchmark indicates that it isn’t the fastest phone around. Those scores place it behind the Moto G 2 with its year-old Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor, and the Zenfone 5 with its Intel Atom; Despicable Me: Minion Rush was playable, but the frame rate was far from smooth.. You get an autofocus 5-megapixel snapper on the rear with an LED flash, and a VGA front-facing one for video calls and selfies. The latter, needless to say, produces terribly low-fi pictures, and while the rear camera is better, in terms of general quality it’s a long way short of the 8-megapixel camera on the Moto G 2, with soft, low contrast shots the order of the day, even in good light.. Although it has its compromises, the Vodafone Smart 4 power represents a pretty good deal. We can’t think of any other handsets that can offer a 5in screen, 4G, superb battery life and a bright, usable screen, and all for £120 on pay-as-you-go. Only the small allocation of storage and poor cameras dent its appeal.. Details Cheapest price on contract Free Contract monthly charge £22.50 Contract period 24 months Contract provider Vodafone Physical Dimensions 72 x 9.7 x 141mm (WDH) Touchscreen yes Core Specifications RAM capacity 1MB Camera megapixel rating 5.0mp Front-facing camera? yes Video capture? yes Display Screen size 5.0in Resolution 540 x 960 Other wireless standards Bluetooth support yes Integrated GPS yes Software OS family Android. Apple Watch 3 Google Pixel 2 Kodi Oculus Rift Sky Soundbox iPad Pro iPhone X. This creepy baby shows you how dirty your home really is. YouTube severs (some of) its ties with Logan Paul. This rare shark looks like Venom from Spiderman. Japanese astronaut didn’t REALLY grow 9cm in three weeks. Google’s Arts and Culture app now matches selfies to art. Is Kodi always buffering? Try these fixes first. The 11 must-have PlayStation VR games. Nokia 8110 4G: Retro phone reprises Neo's finest hour. Samsung Galaxy X reportedly shown in secret. Samsung Galaxy S9 hands-on review: It’s all about the camera. Your private browsing may not be that private after all. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Sony’s baby grows up. Sony’s smaller smartphone is back, gaining a bigger 18:9 screen and some lovely curves. AI just took on a team of lawyers and WON. LawGeex took 26 seconds to review non-disclosure agreements, while the lawyers took 92 minutes on average. Sony unveils the Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact. As the names suggest, the phones are from Sony's XZ range and are successors to last year's XZ Premium. How technology is changing your work. How one tweet wiped $1.3 billion off Snapchat's market value. What small businesses should do to get ready for GDPR. The GDPR compliance effective date is fast approaching. Here's what you need to know. Signal gets a cash injection from WhatsApp's co-founder. Atari is creating a new cryptocurrency, for some reason. Not content with holding back the Ataribox, Atari makes another baffling decision. Developments from the frontiers of science. Humans will be on Mars within 20 years, claims Tim Peake. The British astronaut predicted companies like SpaceX could work with space agencies to get people on the Red Planet. How to tell your supermassive black hole from your stellar black hole. If you can smell "death", you may be at risk of depression. Scientists have uncovered the biochemical details of the smell of death, which, bizarrely, may be able to help treat depression. iPhone app slashes hospital readmissions for heart attacks. Getting to the heart of the problem with better education. The cutting edge of automotive technology. New Audi Q8 (2018): Everything you need to know. The new Q8 is going to be the best Audi SUV you can buy. All the new F1 cars for 2018’s World Championship. We’ll keep this page updated with all the new F1 2018 cars as they’re revealed by the different teams. National Grid plans network of superfast chargers for EVs. The plans would put 90% of drivers within 50 miles of an EV charger that would give cars a boost in just five minutes. Ford Edge review: The SUV in the middle ground. A big SUV designed to rival the luxury brands for comfort, tech and practicality but it narrowly misses the mark. How technology is changing our everyday lives. No, a Pokémon RPG for Switch isn’t being revealed today. Tweets around a new Pokémon Nintendo Direct turn out to be fake sending the internet into a spin. The second Pokémon Go Community Day starts tomorrow. February's Pokémon Go Community Day kicks off on 24 February. Two new fighters return for SoulCalibur VI. Bandai Namco reveals two returning fighters alongside a slew of new screenshots of SoulCalibur 6 in action. The Nintendo eShop is in hot water with European law. Some big changes could be coming the the Nintendo Switch store. The world of 20 years from now. Watch this: Boston Dynamics’ SpotMini can now open doors. The robotics company’s latest video shows two robot dogs communicating and working together. The race to quantum supremacy is on, with researchers claiming their machines will manage tasks beyond any modern rival. What exactly is Elon Musk planning with The Boring Company?. Musk claims the underground tunnels will take passengers more than 200 miles in less than half an hour. Acoustic "tractor beam" can levitate large items. A breakthrough by researchers at Bristol University means ultrasonic waves can now levitate larger objects than ever before. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact: Sony’s baby grows up. Nokia 1: The super cheap smartphone with Android Go. Sony Xperia XZ2: New flagship records 4K HDR video. Samsung Galaxy S9 hands-on review: It’s all about the camera. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus: Dual cameras for S9's bigger twin. Nokia 7 Plus: Nokia’s new mid-ranger has a hint of luxury. Nokia 8 Sirocco: Good looks but not much substance. Nokia 8110 4G: Retro phone reprises Neo's finest hour. Huawei Matebook X Pro: Huawei refines its laptop formula. Fossil Q Control review: Brand-name aside, you can do better. Ford Edge review: The SUV in the middle ground. Doom finally has motion controls on Switch. Back to top Technology Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks. About us Contact us Advertise with us Feeds Authors IT Pro Cloud Pro Expert Reviews Channel Pro Know Your Mobile Auto Express Carbuyer More of our brands Affiliate Link Policy Privacy Notice. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices. © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. AT&T's Netgear mobile hotspot promises twice the speed of LTE (updated). Qualcomm's new chip brings ultra-wide screens to mid-range phones. T-Mobile pulls advertisement claiming it has the fastest network (updated). Xfinity Mobile arrives to all of Comcast's markets. Vodafone's Smart 4 power: too expensive for an own-brand 4G phone. 4G is now a mainstream technology in the UK, meaning network operators can chase more frugal consumers with low-cost, own-brand handsets. It's unlikely O2 and Three will get involved in this race to the bottom; they simply don't have the experience EE (through its sub-brands Orange and T-Mobile) and Vodafone do in self-made handsets. EE was the first to make a move with the £99 Kestrel , and Vodafone recently launched its rebuttal: a pair of smartphones in the Smart 4 turbo and Smart 4 power. I've already commented on their price tags (£135 and £175, respectively), which are high enough to make you wince considering their competition. And, after spending a little quality time with the higher-end Smart 4 power, I can't say I feel any different.. Gallery: Vodafone Smart 4 power | 15 Photos. Vodafone's Smart 4 power screams "I'm an OEM handset." Made by the same Chinese group that counts Alcatel as its consumer-facing business, the device lacks any stand-out aesthetic features to separate it from a sea of other Android reference designs. There's a hearty serving of bezel above and below the display, where the earpiece, front-facing camera and standard capacitive Android keys sit, with the earphone jack, micro-USB port and power button/volume rocker in their normal positions. The back of the device adds a small amount of personality to the otherwise generic composition; not only because the white plastic contrasts against the black of the rest of the device, but also because of the metal detailing around the primary camera, the neat silver Vodafone logo and slit-style loudspeaker grille. Being white does mean it's easily dirtied, however.. Build quality is nice and solid, with all the plastic components fitting together snuggly. You'd expect a phone with a 5-inch display to have an above-average footprint, but the power's is a little too grand for my liking. At 141 x 71 x 9.5mm, it's tall, wide, thick and in my opinion, a little uncomfortable to use. Some of this is also down to its weight: 162g isn't particularly kind to the pocket or wrist. I wasn't as offended by the 960 x 540 resolution screen as I thought I'd be. App icons look bloated and cartoony at such a low pixel density (220 ppi) and video/gaming quality suffers, but it's not as much as a turn-off as the spec sheet might suggest. Color temperature is pretty good, but viewing angles and sunlight readability? Not so much.. Having been spoilt of late by low-cost phones with the superb quad-core Snapdragon 400 chipset -- significantly cheaper than the Smart 4 power, I might add -- I wasn't expecting a comparable experience with the power's quad-core 1.3GHz Mediatek processor. I'm pleasantly surprised, then, to report no noticeable lag when whipping through the Android homescreen and app carousels. The simple, relatively unencumbered Android 4.4 build almost certainly deserves some credit for that. A few races on Asphalt 8: Airborne with the graphics settings maxed-out confirmed the handset's no slouch in the performance department, though I'd be interested to see whether the processor would cope as well paired with a higher-resolution display.. The Smart 4 power also packs an adequate 1GB of RAM, a 5-megapixel main camera and VGA front-facer. One of the more frightening specs you should be aware of is the less than 2GB of available on-board storage, which games like Asphalt 8 can basically consume on their own. This makes a microSD card almost a compulsory accessory. The real issue I have with the power is not the chunky design, low-res screen, basic camera options or lack of storage; it's the price. You simply can't ask people to pay £175 for a pay-as-you-go handset of this calibre when the Xperia SP is cheaper on the same network -- not to mention the superb Moto G (4G edition) is less expensive unlocked, and EE's Kestrel, while not perfect, costs a two-figure sum.. If you're a Vodafone contract customer who's thinking about upgrading to a 4G tariff, and is being incentivized towards the Smart 4 power, it's not like you won't survive. If you have any choice in the matter whatsoever, though, it's one to avoid.. 4g , 4glte , hands-on , lte , mobilepostcross , smart4power , smartphone , uk-feature , vodafone , vodafonesmart4power. Canon's AI flash moves by itself to make portraits more flattering. The motorized Speedlite 470EX-AI finds the best angle to bounce light.. 'Papers, Please' official short film recreates the game's bleak tone. Arztotzka has never been so glorious.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
The next video is starting stop. Vodafone Smart 4 Power - Unboxing. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. In this video I unbox Vodafone's budget 4G LTE handset, the Smart 4 Power. The 9.5mm thick body houses a 5" display, quad-core processor and massive 3000mAh battery! For the latest & greatest gadget unboxings, reviews and more, subscribe to the ShawnzGadgetz channel today: Buy Vodafone Smart 4 Power: http://shop.vodafone.co.uk/shop/pay-a... Twitter - https://twitter.com/shawnsuttonss Google+ - https://plus.google.com/u/0/b/1160982... Instagram - http://instagram.com/theshawnster Intro music: Latin Industries - Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com) Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 http://creativecommons.org/licenses/b.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Vodafone Smart 4 Power Hands on Review. Vodafone Smart 4 Power & Smart 4 Turbo hands-on (Greek). Vodafone Smart 4 power Rundgang auf deutsch. Vodafone Smart 4 Power Review - "Vodafone Smart 4 Power" Benchmark Antutu. Linx 7" Windows 8.1 Tablet - Unboxing. Review Vodafone Smart 4 - Vodafone 888. Vodafone 985N Smart 4 Power Repair IMEI with Sigmakey. Vodafone Smart 4 max hands-on @myphone.gr. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Mobile Review. Vodafone smart 4 vs iphone 4s. Vodafone Smart 4 Turbo / Vodafone V889n Direct Unlock with Sigma. Vodafone Smart 4 Max Hands on Review [Greek]. Vodafone Smart 4 Unboxing & First Look. Vodafone Smart 4 Power - Antutu Benchmark review. Vodafone Smart 4 Turbo Unboxing and Hands On [4K]. Vodafone Smart 4 Power (rychlý videopohled). Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Skip to content Home About NFC World Contact us Contribute Advertise Got a tip? Close Menu News Knowledge Centre Explore… Webinars White papers About the NFC World Knowledge Centre Close More resources NFC phones list OEM Pay availability by country Does my phone have NFC? Events News by company News by country News by date NFC stock and investment Got a story? Tell us! Close Partner news Ask the Experts Our partners Antelop Solutions Dejamobile HID Global NXP Semiconductors Okey Rambus STMicroelectronics USA Technologies Close Feedback. NFC World News and analysis on the emerging technologies transforming how consumers choose what to buy, who to buy from, and how to pay. Trending MWC 2018 Mobile payments What’s New in Payments NFC HCE Tokenization Wearables. What is NFC World? Get news from NFC World by email New in the Knowledge Centre Latest news Subscribe, follow, stay in touch. Meet NFC World’s partners at Mobile World Congress Survey: India now has a higher percentage of citizens with a mobile wallet than China Alipay users sent red packets worth $79m during Chinese New Year Apple Pay users doubled in 2017 to 127m, says top analyst Six more Amazon Go stores to open this year? Vodafone Smart 4 Power. Home » NFC devices » Vodafone Smart 4 Power. Last updated on 5 August 2014 • Posted by Mike Clark. The Vodafone Smart 4 Power is the global mobile network’s own-branded flagship 4G smartphone.. The device runs Android 4.4 on a MediaTek 1.3GHz quad-core processor and offers a 5-inch qHD screen and NFC.. The Smart 4 Power is available now from around €169 on a pre-pay plan.. Android Android 4.4 Available today Phone Vodafone. NFC World is where senior executives from across the world come to learn about the latest payment, card and secure credential technologies — and the suppliers who are bringing them to market. Please consider supporting our work by whitelisting NFC World in your ad blocker. Join 13,000+ others and sign up for our free weekly email news round-up. Frequency Weekly - every Wednesday Daily - every weekday, at 17:00 UK time. Tokenization beyond payments Standardizing the future of payments in an increasingly diversified world Innovative ways companies are using NFC to unlock next-generation user experiences NFC World partnerships — A guide for industry suppliers Antelop Solutions’ HCE-NFC Issuer Wallet. Meet NFC World’s partners at Mobile World Congress Survey: India now has a higher percentage of citizens with a mobile wallet than China Alipay users sent red packets worth $79m during Chinese New Year Apple Pay users doubled in 2017 to 127m, says top analyst Six more Amazon Go stores to open this year? 768m Chinese used WeChat to send a red packet money gift this New Year One in four Europeans ready to make payments with a wearable device IoTize picks ST NFC chip for plug’n’play IoT connectivity Dubai drivers use NFC phones to top up parking purses on contactless transit cards Researchers aim to print edible RFID tags directly on to food. Follow @nfcw on Twitter Join the NFC World group on LinkedIn Get our email newsletter NFC World on Google+ NFC World on Facebook Get headlines in Slack RSS news feed. Back to top About Contact us Ask us anything! Comment policy Advertise with us Media centre Privacy and cookies Legal. Copyright © 2008-2018 SJB Research Ltd. Made with in Wales .. Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Got it Learn more. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Smart may be stretching it a bit. By far the biggest selling point of the Vodafone Smart 4 Power is its price. It's a handset designed to offer many of the modern trappings of a smartphone, including 4G connectivity and Android 4.4 KitKat , but with a more palatable price tag.. While the sim-free Smart 4 Power is going for just £120, you can get it for free on a contract that costs £18 a month. This already makes the Vodafone Smart 4 Power a very tempting choice if you're looking for a new phone on a budget, but if the features let it down, then you may still be wasting money.. Vodafone is pushing the Smart 4 Power as a smartphone that can do pretty much everything you need from a modern smartphone.. A key feature is the Vodafone Smart 4 Power's LTE connectivity, granting its users access to super-fast 4G mobile internet.. It's little surprise that Vodafone is so keen to broadcast the Smart 4 Power's 4G credentials. Not only does this show that Vodafone is serious about proving that the Smart 4 Power can be a serious alternative to more expensive smartphones, but it also encourages Vodafone's customers to use more of that lovely data that mobile networks make their money on.. The Vodafone Smart 4 Power is Cat 4 with 50Mbps maximum upload speeds, and potential 150Mbps downloads, though the real speeds you'll get with day-to-day use will vary.. Because you'll need a Vodafone contract to use the Smart 4 Power, you're going to be at the mercy of Vodafone's 4G coverage, which isn't quite up there with its main competitor, EE.. When using the EE network, I had no problems getting 4G signal in Bath. However, with a Vodafone sim card inserted into the Smart 4 Power, I was only able to get 3G reception.. A cursory look at Vodafone's map of its 4G coverage showed that Bath was indeed bereft of Vodafone's 4G coverage. While Bath is not the biggest city in the UK, our neighbour Bristol (which is far larger) was similarly without Vodafone's 4G.. In fact, while EE continues to regularly boast about its increased 4G coverage across the UK, according to Vodafone's own website, much of the country isn't covered.. This means that if you're looking to get the Vodafone Smart 4 Power due to its 4G capabilities, I would strongly suggest you first visit Vodafone's website and check to see if your area is covered before you buy.. As it currently stands for 4G coverage I would recommend going with either the EE Kestrel, or an unlocked phone such as the HTC Desire 510, which won't be tied to Vodafone's currently spotty 4G coverage.. The large 5-inch screen of the Vodafone Smart 4 Power is perhaps its most eye-catching feature, at least on paper. When in use it doesn't stand up to scrutiny, which sadly - as a display - it's going to be subjected to quite a lot.. The capacitive IPS LCD touchscreen has a resolution of 540 x 960 pixels, which when stretched over the 5-inch display, gives it a pixel density of 220 pixels per inch.. For sharper and more impressive image quality you want more pixels per inch. While I can't berate the Smart 4 Power for not managing to reach the pixel densities of much more expensive handsets (the iPhone 6 , for example has a pixel density of 326ppi), it does result in phones that have the same resolution, but smaller screen size having better pixel density, and therefore better image quality.. For example the Smart 4 Power's closest rival, the EE Kestel, may have the same 540 x 960 resolution, but as it has a smaller screen (4.5 inches), the pixel density is higher at 245ppi, resulting in a sharper image.. It may be all well and good slapping a large screen on a handset, but if you don't up the resolution as well image quality is going to suffer.. Unfortunately that is all too evident with the Smart 4 Power. As soon as you turn it on you can see that the big screen and (relatively) low resolution hasn't been kind, with the standard Android app icons looking slightly blurred and unfocused when blown up to this scale.. While the resolution disappoints, the colour reproduction of the screen is more impressive, with still images generally looking pretty good. The viewing angle of the screen is pretty narrow, however, so despite the big screen you won't be looking to watch media on the Smart 4 Power with other people.. Prev Page Introduction and design. Next Page Interface, performance and battery. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
How the hell is Nokia the UK's third most popular phone brand?. You can create empathy in VR by making a person move around. Monday briefing: Anonymous US officials accuse Russia of Olympic cyberattack. All the latest MWC 2018 news from Samsung, Nokia, Sony and more. Nokia's retro 8110 is getting a revival as HMD goes high-end. Gene-modification is the next frontier in the fight against cancer. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs S9+: new flagships are all about the cameras. 8 coathangers, 5 Mbps internet, no pests: what makes an Airbnb Plus. Sam Amrani tracks you in Pret. Google’s nemesis: meet the British couple who took on a giant, won... The inside story of the great KFC chicken shortage of 2018. Sony Xperia XZ2 hands-on: a lacklustre flagship with few thrills. Huawei's MateBook X Pro is a great laptop stuck in Apple's shadow. Samsung S9 vs iPhone X vs Pixel 2: which one should you buy?. Google is hardwiring Assistant directly into other Androids. The great KFC chicken crisis of 2018: Podcast 357. Bentley wants its next new car to be fully autonomous. Brian Eno's AR experience lets you play synth in mid-air. The Alexa-powered Mercury jacket can heat itself and listens to your voice commands. In New York City, even the Empire State Building has a green roof. These are best sci-fi movies you should be watching. The British couple that cost Google £2.1 billion: UpVote 23. Five stories you may have missed this week. This startup wants you to sell your genetic data on the blockchain. How the hell is Nokia the UK's third most popular phone brand?. You can create empathy in VR by making a person move around. Monday briefing: Anonymous US officials accuse Russia of Olympic cyberattack. All the latest MWC 2018 news from Samsung, Nokia, Sony and more. Nokia's retro 8110 is getting a revival as HMD goes high-end. Gene-modification is the next frontier in the fight against cancer. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs S9+: new flagships are all about the cameras. 8 coathangers, 5 Mbps internet, no pests: what makes an Airbnb Plus. Sam Amrani tracks you in Pret. Google’s nemesis: meet the British couple who took on a giant, won... The inside story of the great KFC chicken shortage of 2018. Sony Xperia XZ2 hands-on: a lacklustre flagship with few thrills. Huawei's MateBook X Pro is a great laptop stuck in Apple's shadow. Samsung S9 vs iPhone X vs Pixel 2: which one should you buy?. Google is hardwiring Assistant directly into other Androids. The great KFC chicken crisis of 2018: Podcast 357. Bentley wants its next new car to be fully autonomous. Brian Eno's AR experience lets you play synth in mid-air. The Alexa-powered Mercury jacket can heat itself and listens to your voice commands. In New York City, even the Empire State Building has a green roof. These are best sci-fi movies you should be watching. The British couple that cost Google £2.1 billion: UpVote 23. Five stories you may have missed this week. This startup wants you to sell your genetic data on the blockchain. To find out more, read our privacy policy .. How the hell is Nokia the UK's third most popular phone brand?. You can create empathy in VR by making a person move around. Monday briefing: Anonymous US officials accuse Russia of Olympic cyberattack. All the latest MWC 2018 news from Samsung, Nokia, Sony and more. Nokia's retro 8110 is getting a revival as HMD goes high-end. Gene-modification is the next frontier in the fight against cancer. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs S9+: new flagships are all about the cameras. 8 coathangers, 5 Mbps internet, no pests: what makes an Airbnb Plus. Sam Amrani tracks you in Pret. Google’s nemesis: meet the British couple who took on a giant, won... The inside story of the great KFC chicken shortage of 2018. Sony Xperia XZ2 hands-on: a lacklustre flagship with few thrills. Huawei's MateBook X Pro is a great laptop stuck in Apple's shadow. Samsung S9 vs iPhone X vs Pixel 2: which one should you buy?. Google is hardwiring Assistant directly into other Androids. The great KFC chicken crisis of 2018: Podcast 357. Bentley wants its next new car to be fully autonomous. Brian Eno's AR experience lets you play synth in mid-air. The Alexa-powered Mercury jacket can heat itself and listens to your voice commands. In New York City, even the Empire State Building has a green roof. These are best sci-fi movies you should be watching. The British couple that cost Google £2.1 billion: UpVote 23. Five stories you may have missed this week. This startup wants you to sell your genetic data on the blockchain. How the hell is Nokia the UK's third most popular phone brand?. You can create empathy in VR by making a person move around. Monday briefing: Anonymous US officials accuse Russia of Olympic cyberattack. All the latest MWC 2018 news from Samsung, Nokia, Sony and more. Nokia's retro 8110 is getting a revival as HMD goes high-end. Gene-modification is the next frontier in the fight against cancer. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs S9+: new flagships are all about the cameras. 8 coathangers, 5 Mbps internet, no pests: what makes an Airbnb Plus. Sam Amrani tracks you in Pret. Google’s nemesis: meet the British couple who took on a giant, won... The inside story of the great KFC chicken shortage of 2018. Sony Xperia XZ2 hands-on: a lacklustre flagship with few thrills. Huawei's MateBook X Pro is a great laptop stuck in Apple's shadow. Samsung S9 vs iPhone X vs Pixel 2: which one should you buy?. Google is hardwiring Assistant directly into other Androids. The great KFC chicken crisis of 2018: Podcast 357. Bentley wants its next new car to be fully autonomous. Brian Eno's AR experience lets you play synth in mid-air. The Alexa-powered Mercury jacket can heat itself and listens to your voice commands. In New York City, even the Empire State Building has a green roof. These are best sci-fi movies you should be watching. The British couple that cost Google £2.1 billion: UpVote 23. Five stories you may have missed this week. This startup wants you to sell your genetic data on the blockchain. Sturdy build, 4G, not bad camera, Android 4.4 KitKat. Vodafone starts blocking ads on sites that promote hate speech and fake news. Vodafone fined £4.6 million for mis-selling and 'inaccurate' customer billing. Vodafone recently released a brace of own-brand 4G handsets (the other being the Vodafone Smart 4 Turbo ) and of the two, this is the big 'un, with a 5-inch screen and more powerful processor. But is it worth the extra cash?. Power and Turbo eh? The main reason for the over-reaching monikers is 4G , the first time Vodafone's included it in any of its own-brand phones. Vodafone doesn't make them of course, that honour goes to Chinese firm Yulong and as we've seen with the previous Smart 4, the casing is solid and functional, but not particularly inspiring. There's no Gorilla Glass to protect the display and the rear casing is a thin plastic similar to what we used to see on Samsung handsets before they started improving them.. The sub-HD screen is a bit of a disappointment, delivering just 960x540 pixels, which boils down to 220ppi. For a screen this size, the numbers matter, and anything sub-HD starts to look distinctly sub-par, with just a little bit of fuzziness to edges and less oomph than we'd like.. Vodafone starts blocking ads on sites that promote hate speech and fake news. Good to see that it's running the 4.4.2 KitKat version of Android , so at least Vodafone hasn't skimped on giving you the latest version of the operating system, though there's no indication of how soon it will receive the next update. As we've come to expect, Vodafone has given the interface a light, red-themed skim which serves to identify it as a Vodafone device, but doesn't add a lot else.. There are a few proprietary apps and widgets including Vodafone Discover, which offers blog posts, info and updates from Big Red, Flipboard style. The quad-core processor is clocked at 1.3GHz and backed by 1GB RAM. That's a bit of an advance on the basic version of the Smart 4 (dual core 1.2GHz and 512MB RAM, since you ask) but not a lot. It is fairly fast though, even if it doesn't have the fast-as-thought pace of the most powerful models.. Vodafone fined £4.6 million for mis-selling and 'inaccurate' customer billing. The 5-megapixel camera comes with autofocus and flash and is capable of some okay quality pics if you take your time and watch your light. The on-screen settings have been given a nice clear layout that relies heavily on sliders and gets away from the usual lists. Extras include face detection, HDR and panorama, as well as a built-in QR code scanner.. There's also a basic VGA resolution camera on the front for video calls and selfies, which comes with a couple of extra settings -- face beauty to go easy on the contours of your face, and multishot to allow you to hedge your bets when taking a quick snap of yourself.. There's only 4GB of memory on board, which seems a bit stingy, but you can add up to 32GB via microSD card. The large 3,000mAh battery held up pretty well, comfortably delivering well over a day of steady use.. The Vodafone Smart 4 Power beefs up the previous Smart 4 with 4G, a slightly more powerful processor and a bigger battery, and outdoes its sibling the Smart 4 Turbo on just about every front for just a few quid more. The sub-HD screen's a bit of a disappointment though and it's got stiff competition from the new 4G version of Motorola's Moto G .. 5 megapixel, LED flash, autofocus; VGA front-facing camera. PS4 Pro review: Is Sony's more powerful console worth the mid-generation upgrade?. Apple TV 4K or Amazon Fire TV? We put the top streamers to the test. Win a Bamboo Spark smart folio. Gallery: Win a Bamboo Spark smart folio. PS4 Pro review: Is Sony's more powerful console worth the mid-generation upgrade?. Apple TV 4K or Amazon Fire TV? We put the top streamers to the test. Win a Bamboo Spark smart folio. Gallery: Win a Bamboo Spark smart folio. 
Innovative Accessories for More than 3,600 Devices. View All Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Accessories. Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Image. New customer? Create an Account. There are no items in your cart. Members-only access to exclusive discounts and promotions.. What devices are you interested in hearing about?. Keep an eye on your inbox, your special 10% off code is on its way!. Top Smart 4 Power Stylus See all 34 Stylus. Top Smart 4 Power Screen Protectors. Top Smart 4 Power Travel Chargers See all 37 Travel Chargers. Top Smart 4 Power Batteries See all 15 Batteries. Top Smart 4 Power Cables See all 11 Cables. Top Smart 4 Power Stands and Mounts See all 16 Stands and Mounts. Top Smart 4 Power Audio and Music See all 8 Audio and Music. Top Smart 4 Power Plug Adapters See all 21 Plug Adapters. Top Smart 4 Power Smart Gadgets. Top Smart 4 Power Capacitive See all 28 Capacitive. Top Smart 4 Power Active Stylus. Top Smart 4 Power Car Chargers See all 15 Car Chargers. Top Smart 4 Power Car Mounts See all 9 Car Mounts. Popular Accessories for the Smart 4 Power. AccuPoint Smart 4 Power Active Stylus (2-Pack). Number2 School Stylus for Smart 4 Power. AccuPoint Smart 4 Power Active Stylus. EverTouch Slimline Smart 4 Power Capacitive Stylus with Replaceable Tip. SlimKeys Smart 4 Power Bluetooth Keyboard - with Backlight. Slimkeys Smart 4 Power Bluetooth Keyboard. Desktop Type Runner Keyboard for Smart 4 Power. Type Runner Keyboard for Smart 4 Power. Artist Glove for Smart 4 Power. Smart 4 Power PowerStat Wall Charger. Smart 4 Power 6,000mAh Power Bank Module. 3,000mAh Smart 4 Power Power Bank Module. Rejuva PowerPack with 120V AC Outlet for Smart 4 Power. Rejuva PowerPack (13000mAh) for Smart 4 Power. Rejuva EnergyStick for Smart 4 Power. ZippyCharge Cable for Smart 4 Power. MultiCharge Smart 4 Power MicroUSB Cable. DirectSync Smart 4 Power Cable (5-Pack). VersaTilt Aluminium Stand for Smart 4 Power. VersaClip Magnetic Car Mount for Smart 4 Power. EZView Smart 4 Power Car Mount. SplashBeats Smart 4 Power Bluetooth Speaker. European to American Outlet Plug Adapter. European to American Outlet Plug Adapter (5-Pack). International Plug Adapter Kit - All-in-One Set. Smart 4 Power SmartyLens - Clip. Desktop Type Runner Keyboard for Smart 4 Power. Type Runner Keyboard for Smart 4 Power. Solar Rejuva PowerPack (23000mAh) for Smart 4 Power. Solar Rejuva PowerPack (10000mAh) for Smart 4 Power. Solar Rejuva PowerPack (5000mAh) for Smart 4 Power. Solar Rejuva Power Pack for Smart 4 Power. AccuPoint Smart 4 Power Active Stylus. EverTouch Slimline Smart 4 Power Capacitive Stylus with Replaceable Tip. EverTouch Capacitive Smart 4 Power Stylus with Replaceable Tip. FineTouch Capacitive Smart 4 Power Stylus. AccuPoint Smart 4 Power Active Stylus. RapidCharge MultiPort Car Charger for Smart 4 Power. Dual Car Charger with Emergency Center Punch for Smart 4 Power. Weshare Car Charger 6 Port for Smart 4 Power. Minimus Aluminum MagnetoMount for Smart 4 Power. VersaClip Magnetic Car Mount for Smart 4 Power. EZView Smart 4 Power Car Mount. © 2002-2018 BoxWave Corporation or its affiliates. Find out when new products are released, or when we have a sale!. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Vodafone Smart 4 power. All Listings - Current page. results for Vodafone Smart 4 power. Save Vodafone Smart 4 power to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Vodafone Smart 4 power to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Vodafone Smart 4 Power Vf-985N 985N Dispalce Touch Screen Digitizer Black. 2 new & refurbished from $7.68. For Vodafone Smart 4 Power Smartphone Soft Translucent Fitted TPU Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart 4 power Lafite Vein PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart 4 power Decent Luxury Silk PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart 4 power Oracle Bone Vein PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart 4 power - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. Bonasus Jelly Case for Vodafone Smart 4 Power 985 (Vodafone 985N). For Vodafone Smart 4 power - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Earphone. For Vodafone Smart 4 power - Clip On Fabric / PU Leather Wallet Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart 4 power - Clip Printed Series PU Leather Wallet Case. For Vodafone Smart Phone 38 Magnetic Flip Cover Stand Wallet Leather Case. RICARDSSON GENUINE REAL LEATHER HOLSTER BELT LOOP POUCH CASE FOR MOBILE PHONES. Case Wallet Stand Flip Cover PU Leather Case for Vodafone Cover ~9 Colors. Wind Chimes Quicksand Flip PU Leather Wallet Stand Cover Case For Vodafone Model. Angry eyes Litchi Leather wallet flip stand pouch Cover Case For Vodafone. New Shockproof Wallet Flip Leather Case For Vodafone Phones. Flip PU Leather Wallet Case Card Holder Black Magnetic Deluxe Nice Cover. Magnetic Bling Luxury Diamonds Crystal PU Leather wallet flip Slots Cover Case12. 2017 White Luxury Crystal Bling Diamond Flip Leather Case For Various Phone. Luxury Bling Diamond Jewelled Crystal Leather Flip Wallet Phone Cards Case Cover. NEW PU-Leather Fitted Case Cover For Vodafone Smartphone -you choose phone model. 2017 Rose Gold Luxury Crystal Bling Diamond Flip Leather Case For Various Phone. Case Wallet Stand Flip Cover PU Leather Case for Vodafone Cover ~9 Colors. Bling Crystal Diamonds Rhinestone PU leather wallet flip stand Case cover skin w. Double Zip Wallet Bag ID Card PU Leather Case Cover For Vodafone Various Phones. SLIM PREMIUM GENUINE LEATHER POCKET CASE COVER SLEEVE POUCH - RANGE OF MODELS. Zip Wallet Magnetic Leather Cover Flip Phone Wallet Case For Vodafone Models. New fashion Cartoon Flower Leather slots wallet pouch case skin cover #4 N. 3D Bling Diamonds Pearls lace girl cat PU leather pouch wallet Case cover skin 5. SLIM PULL-UP & POCKET CARD GENUINE LEATHER CASE COVER SLEEVE POUCH FOR MOBILES. Sports Running Hydration Water Bottle Waist Belt Holder Pack Bag For Cell Phones. For 4"-6" inch Mobile Phone Waterproof Pouch Shoulder Bag Swiming Dry Case Cover. Flip Bling Pear Butterfly PU Leather Card Wallet Case Stand Cover For Vodafone. Universal PU Leather Belt Clip Loop Holster Waist Pouch Case Cover For Vodafone. Phone Case Pouch Holster w/Belt Clip✔Excellent Phone Protection✔Hor izontal✔Black. Quality Vertical Belt Pouch Phone Protection Case Cover✔Accessor y Pack✔Green. 65X 200X Zoom Optical Clip-on HD Microscope Phone Camera Lens+LED For Cell Phone. For Vodafone Luxury Diamond Grain PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. Unicorn Belt Clip Holster Bag Hook Loop Pouch PU Leather Cover Case For Vodafone. Magnetic Flip Cover Stand Wallet Leather Case For Vodafone Smart Phone 38. Luxury PU Leather Wallet Flip Case Card Holder Black Magnetic Deluxe Nice Cover. Universal Mini Car Mount Holder Stand Clip For All 3.5"-6" inch Cell Phones GPS. Magnetic Bling Luxury Diamonds Crystal Leather wallet flip Slots Cover Case 15. Gym Quality Sports Strap Armband Running Case Holder Pouch for Mobile Phone iPod. Bling Diamonds piano keys music note PU leather wallet flip Case cover skin #D. Brown Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Stand Cover Wallet For Samsung / Sony /Wiko. Case Wallet Stand Flip Cover PU Leather Case for Vodafone Cover ~9 Colors. Black Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Stand Cover Wallet For ZTE / WIKO / Xiaomi. Ladie's Convertible Paisley Smartphone Wallet Cover & Wristlet Clutch ESMLP2-29. Soft Elastic Neoprene Shock Absorbing Sleeve Pouch Case Cover For Vodafone. Handmade real leather belt pouch holster with belt loop. Handmade durable genuine real leather cover sleeve. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
UNLOCK YOUR PHONE UNLOCK YOUR PHONE, FEEL THE FREEDOM.. How To Unlock Vodafone Smart 4 Power (Vodafone 985N) by Unlock Code.. UnlockLocks | May 17, 2015 | ALCATEL , VODAFONE | No Comments. Why unlock my Vodafone Smart 4 Power?. The unlocking service we offer allows you to use any network providers SIM card in your Vodafone Smart 4 Power. Typically this involves unlock codes which are a series of numbers which can be entered into your mobile phone via the phones keypad to remove the network restriction and allow the use of other domestic and foreign networks.. How Do I unlock my Vodafone Smart 4 Power?. Get the unique unlock code of your phone from here. Unlocking a Vodafone smart 4 Power a quite simple process. All carriers are supported for unlocking (Vodafone ES, Vodafone UK, Vodafone IN, Vodafone PT, Vodafone NL, Vodafone DE, Vodafone EG etc…). Unlocking is permanent, you don’t need to enter the unlock code every time you change SIM Card. Power variants are supported for unlocking.. Congratulations, enjoy your Unlocked Vodafone Smart 4 Power on all networks, worldwide.. How To Unlock ALCATEL Pop Star (5022, 5022D, 5022X and 5022N) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Alcatel OneTouch 1012 and 1012X by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Alcatel One Touch 20.50 (OT-2050, OT-2050A, OT-2050X and OT-2050D) by unlock code.. How To Unlock ALCATEL Optus X Smart (5056I) by Unlock Code.. No Comments | Nov 13, 2016. No Comments | May 24, 2015. No Comments | Jul 20, 2014. No Comments | Jun 30, 2017. The world's #1 phone unlocking solutions provider since 2006, with thousands of phones unlocked each day. we could tell you about our years of experience, we were the first online phone unlocking site. you may think that "first" doesn't always mean "best," but we're sure once you've unlocked your phone with us, you'll change your mind. our company is headed up by telecommunications techs from the united states. they're smart guys, but they're especially smart about unlocking mobile devices.. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J3 & J3 (2016) b.... How To Unlock MetroPCS or T-Mobile LG Aristo (LG M.... How To Unlock AT&T ZTE Maven 3 (Z835) by Unlo.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J5 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Oppo A57 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock AT&T HUAWEI Ascend XT2 (H1711) b.... How To Unlock Xfinity Mobile SAMSUNG Galaxy S8 and.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J2 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG G2 by Unlock code From UnlockLock.... How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy S3 mini I8190 by Unlo.... How To Unlock Sony Xperia Tablet Z by Unlock Code.... How To Unlock HTC One SC2, One, One Mini, One Max .... How To Unlock HTC One by Unlock Code ?. How To Unlock Sony Xperia Tablet Z by Unlock Code .... How To Unlock LG G2 by Unlock code ?. How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy Note 3 ?. How To Unlock BlackBerry Z3 by unlock code.. How To Unlock LG Optimus Me P350 by Unlock Code ?. How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy J by Unlock Code ?. How To Unlock Huawei Ascend P2 ?. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy Ace Plus by Unlock Co.... How To Unlock HUAWEI Enjoy 8 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock ALCATEL A30 Plus (5049) by Unlock Co.... How to Unlock Acer Betouch E110 by Unlock Code ?. How To Unlock Essential Phone by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG K10 (2018) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG K8 (2018) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI MediaPad M5 10 (Pro) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI Enjoy 8 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI Honor 7C by Unlock Code.. Copyright © 2018 UnlockLocks.COM .. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. [Q] How to root Vodafone smart 4 power and available custom roms. Android Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Android General Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only] Android Software Development Miscellaneous Android Development. Xposed Framework Modules Android Themes Android Apps and Games Android Developer Previews. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. [Q] How to root Vodafone smart 4 power and available custom roms.. By Tyrone13 , Junior Member on 17th August 2014, 03:25 AM. Wasn't able to find anything about this particular phone as its different to the normal smart 4. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 Now Officially Receiving the Android Oreo Update >. Honor 9 Lite and Huawei P Smart Kernel Sources have been released >. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 receive AOSP Android Oreo ROMs thanks to Project Treble >. Join Date: Joined: Jul 2007. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2007. My Devices: HTC One (M7) , Moto G. I used towelroot to root the normal smart 4. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2014. how to root smart 4 power???? function with VROOT but is SUper User made in China.. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2014. Hello i was looking all over the internet. Hello i was looking all over the internet and wasn't able to find anything about rooting this phone. all i found out was the name vodafone 985n and the fact that is made by TCL. ---------- Post added at 09:00 AM ---------- Previous post was at 08:55 AM ----------. Towelroot just won't work on this phone! i tried already all the so called "one click root " solutions available on the internet with no success so far. I used towelroot to root the normal smart 4. Join Date: Joined: Feb 2011. After performing root, download and install SuperSU. Assign root rights to it, update binary, and then NOT restart - wait a while, SuperSU itself offers uninstall the original KingUser. The Following User Says Thank You to europoint For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2014. I have use all kinds of one click root. None of ther work for me. I try to root my vodafone smart 4 power by the first day i bought it.... Join Date: Joined: Jan 2015. anyone had luck with rooting the vodafone smart 4 power (895n) ?. Join Date: Joined: Apr 2015. Vodafone 890n is 4.4.4 cant root. Join Date: Joined: Jun 2007. My Devices: LG Optimus L9 P760, P765, P768, P769 , Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 , Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. vodafone smart turbo 4 890n root. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2013. My Devices: Moto G (2014). Can anyone tell me where can I download the Kingroot for a Vodafone 890n? Because all websites have down the download link. I know the version have to be 4.0 but I downloaded the 4.6.2 .. for installing SuperSU (better then Kingboot) what I have to do? Thanks. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Android Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting by ThreadRank. [NO ROOT][UPDATED] Always On Display for any samsung device running on Android 7.0+. [APP][PATCHED] Google Phone v17.0.184919600 BUBBLE EDITION[NO ROOT]. Vernee Mix 2 Rebuild Official Firmware. [HOW TO] BOOT FROM SD CARD [SUCCESSFULLY] on QMobile Z8 with BRICKED/DEAD eMMC. Doogee S60 All in One Thread (Firmware, Recovery, ROOT, Xposed). [Q] How to root Vodafone smart 4 power and available custom roms. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Vodafone shop - Vodafone Smart 4 Power. Vodafone Smart 4 power features the very latest in 4G technology. With its large vibrant screen, you can watch videos, read or play games, and its high capacity battery will keep you connected day and night. It runs on the latest Android KitKat operating system.. 141 x 71.4 x 9.5 mm. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 141 x 71.4 x 9.5 mm. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. main_icn_24_7_support 360-view 4g main_icn_Accessories main_icn_Add_or_Plus main_icn_Apps apps-hi apps-mid arrow-left arrow-right market_icn_Battery bill-or-report-mid block blog-hi-dark broadband-device-hi-dark broadband-mid broadband-device bundles-hi-dark business calendar market_icn_Minutes calls-contacts-mid main_icn_Camera main_icn_Chat cherries-points main_icn_Chevron_down main_icn_Chevron_left main_icn_Chevron_right main_icn_Chevron_up clock-hi-dark main_icn_Clock_or_Timed main_icn_Close community-or-foundation-mid main_icn_Community_or_Foundation connectivity converged-proposition customer-care dashboard-hi-dark dashboard-hi dashboard-mid main_icn_Dashboard data-mid market_icn_Data_Sharing market_icn_Deals main_icn_Delete delivery main_icn_Dislike document-mid main_icn_Download main_icn_Edit entertainment-hi-dark error-circle error-simple main_icn_Social_Facebook main_icn_Filter main_icn_Filter social-google-plus help-hi_1 help home-02-hi info-circle infographic-hi-dark insurance-hi country-or-international-hi-dark landline-or-call-mid main_icn_Landline_or_Call main_icn_Like market_icn_LinkedIn location-hi main_icn_Location mail-new-hi-dark mail-read-hi-dark mail-new market_icn_Screen_size members main_icn_Menu market_icn_SMS mobile-broadband mobile-hi-dark mobile-mid main_icn_Mobile multiscreen-hi touchscreen-hi my-vodafone-mid main_icn_My_Vodafone network-hi-dark network-signal-hi network-signal-mid main_icn_Network_signal offer-badge-percent market_icn_Offer_badge main_icn_Pause payg-hi-dark payg-hi payg-mid main_icn_PAYG social-paypal main_icn_Photos pie-chart play-hi-dark main_icn_Play_circle main_icn_Play_arrow main_icn_Add_or_Plus print main_icn_Privacy rank-virtuoso 0_rating 5_rating main_icn_Ratings recommendation record-hi-dark refresh main_icn_Bill_or_Report main_icn_Reports return-product roaming-hi-dark roaming-mid main_icn_Roaming search-hi-dark main_icn_Search security-hi-dark security-hi security-mid main_icn_Security settings-hi-dark settings-hi share shopping-trolley shopping sim-mid main_icn_SIM market_icn_SIM_Swap main_icn_Chat social-facebook social-google-plus social-linkedin social-twitter social-youtube main_icn_Student tail [Converted] text-mid main_icn_Text thumbs-hi-dark tick main_icn_Tick_simple top-up-hi-dark top-up-hi top-up-mid main_icn_Top_up tv-hi-dark main_icn_TV main_icn_Social_Twitter upgrade-mid users video main_icn_Viewed VF_Logo Vodafone market_icn_Vodafone_store voice-of-vodafone-alerts-mid voice-of-vodafone-alerts warning-hi-dark warning-hi-dark warning weight white-paper-mid country-or-international-mid market_icn_Multinational social-youtube. global-data crown diamond car icon-data-1gb icon-egypt icon-india icon-pakistan icon-7days-return icon-refresh icon-family icon-qatar icon-donations data-hi icon-cog icon-card icon-tachometer icon-home-flat. 
Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.. The topic you are trying to access is not available.. Copyright © Vodafone New Zealand Ltd. 
Xiaomi may bring dual-rear camera to Mi 5s. HTC Desire 10 to be launched in Q3 2016?. New Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe variant is the first to sport Snapdragon 821. Samsung's developed a socket to support both micro-SD and UFS-based cards. Samsung confirms Galaxy Note 7 launch on August 2. Apple iPhone 7 may have a 1960 mAh battery. Iris X1 mini vs Tek 4D2. Samsung Galaxy S7 Review vs Tek 4D2. Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 Review vs Tek 4D2. X Skin vs Samsung Galaxy J2 (2016). iPhone 6 Plus vs iPhone 6s Plus. iPAQ Glisten vs iPhone SE. Galaxy C7 vs iPhone SE. Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 Review vs 230. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). 141 x 71.4 x 9.5 mm (5.55 x 2.81 x 0.37 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 540 x 960 pixels (~220 ppi pixel density). microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. 0.31 W/kg (head) &nbsp; &nbsp; 0.64 W/kg (body) &nbsp; &nbsp;. Related devices All Vodafone devices. Xiaomi may bring dual-rear camera to Mi 5s. HTC Desire 10 to be launched in Q3 2016?. New Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe variant is the first to sport Snapdragon 821. Samsung's developed a socket to support both micro-SD and UFS-based cards. Samsung confirms Galaxy Note 7 launch on August 2. Apple iPhone 7 may have a 1960 mAh battery. Iris X1 mini vs Tek 4D2. Samsung Galaxy S7 Review vs Tek 4D2. Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 Review vs Tek 4D2. X Skin vs Samsung Galaxy J2 (2016). iPhone 6 Plus vs iPhone 6s Plus. iPAQ Glisten vs iPhone SE. Galaxy C7 vs iPhone SE. Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 Review vs 230. 
Now Sony Xperia Users Can Directly Share Their 3D Arts and Objects on Facebook. BLU released VIVO X with a 6 inch-18:9 HD display : (offer deal : 199$ in US). LG Announces K8 and K10 Smartphones - Official Specification and Price. Honor 7x vs Redmi Note 5 Comparison - Based on it performance. ‘Reply’ is now available for download - brings Smart Replies to Twitter, WhatsApp, Messages and more. Vodafone Smart 4 power - Complete Specification & Price. DISPLAY : 5.0 inches , 540 x 960 Resolution. CAMERA : Rear : 5 MP , Front : VGA. RAM : 1 GB RAM. OS : Android 4.4.2 (KitKat). The Vodafone Smart 4 power Smart phone comes with 5.0 inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen 16M colors Display with the resolution of 540 x 960 pixels.. The Vodafone Smart 4 power is powered by Quad-core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A7 Mediatek MT6582M processor. The Smart phone is packed with 4 GB internal storage with microSD up to 32 GB (dedicated slot) support and has 1 GB RAM ensures that the Smart phone runs smoothly with multiple applications simultaneously.. Vodafone Smart 4 power runs on Android 4.4.2 (KitKat) Operating system and is powered by Non-removable Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery. It measures 141 x 71.4 x 9.5 mm (5.55 x 2.81 x 0.37 in) height x width x thickness respectively and weights 162grams. The comlete specification of Vodafone Smart 4 power with price is furnished below.. Vodafone Smart 4 power - Complete Specification. 141 x 71.4 x 9.5 mm (5.55 x 2.81 x 0.37 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen 16M colors. 540 x 960 pixels (220 ppi density). microSD up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). Leave a Comment Cancel reply. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Lenovo K8 Note. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Nokia 6 (2018). Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Huawei Honor 9 Lite. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Huawei Honor 7X. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Lenovo K8 Note. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Nokia 6 (2018). Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Huawei Honor 9 Lite. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Motorola Moto G5S Plus. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro vs Huawei Honor 7X. SmartZOZ is an online publication focused on technology news, reviews and descriptive videos.. The site offers reviews and information on wide range of products such as smartphones, tablets, laptops and various other consumer electronic products and software applications.. Leave this field empty if you're human:. 
Vodafone - Înapoi la pagina principală. Ascunde conţinutul pentru Servicii şi tarife. Lucrăm la îmbunătăţirea serviciului de chat, pentru ca experienţa ta să fie întotdeauna cea mai bună. Între timp, ne poţi contacta prin chat din aplicaţia MyVodafone sau prin e-mail .. Acest telefon nu mai este in oferta Vodafone. Descoperă produsele similare aflate in stoc.. Ai ales să primesti informaţii când reintră în stoc produsul. Solicitarea a fost trimisă cu succes. îndată ce produsul va reintra in stoc.. Ajutor rapid pentru orice operatie online Ajutor cumparaturi online. Cum cumpar Detalii livrare Cum platesc Detalii comanda. 
The next video is starting stop. Vodafone Smart 4 Power - Unboxing y review en español. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Vodafone Smart 4 Power - Unboxing y review en español Revisamos el nuevo teléfono de Vodafone. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Vodafone Smart 4 Power Review - "Vodafone Smart 4 Power" Benchmark Antutu. Vodafone Smart 4 Review & Opinion. Vodafone smart 4 vs iphone 4s. Vodafone Smart 4 Configuración inicial. Vodafone Smart 4G instalación tarjeta MicroSD y gestión de memoria. Vodafone Smart 4 Power - Antutu Benchmark review. Análisis Vodafone Smart 4 Turbo - Coolpad U8860. Vodafone Smart 4 Max hands-on review (Greek). Vodafone Smart 4 power Rundgang auf deutsch. Vodafone Smart 4 Power preview (Dutch). Vodafone Smart 4 Smartphone Unboxing & First Look. Vodafone Smart 4 Turbo Unboxing and Hands On [4K]. Vodafone Smart 4 max review - Ανασκόπηση (greek). Vodafone Smart 4 Power smartphone Productvideo (NL-BE). Vodafone Smart 4 Max - Unboxing. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home > Vodafone > Vodafone Smart 4 Power. Vodafone Smart 4 power CDC driver For Flashing Firmware Vodafone Smart 4 power VCOM driver For Flashing Firmware Vodafone Smart 4 power ADB driver For Normal Connecting. On this page, we have managed to share the official usb driver for Vodafone Smart 4 power Smartphone. If in case you were already searching for the usb driver for this device, then this page will help you out.. There are 3 usb driver available for your device. Two is for Flashing the Stock Firmware and last is for normal connecting the device to the computer.. How to install driver manually :. Step 1 : Download and extract the driver on your computer.. Step 2 : Open Device Manager and Click on Add the Legacy Hardware Menu.. Step 4 : Select Install the hardware that I manually Select from a list.. Step 5 : Locate the extracted driver manually on your computer.. Step 7 : Your Driver will be installed and listed in the Device Manager.. [*] Driver Signature Error : If you got Driver Signature Error While installing the Driver then See this Video to fix this problem.. [*] If you are trying to flash stock firmware on your device then download CDC and VCOM Driver Only. ADB Driver will not work for flashing the stock firmware.. [*] Vodafone Smart 4 Power Stock Firmware : You can download Vodafone Smart 4 Power Stock Firmware from here .. Samsung Driver HTC Driver Vivo Driver. Made with ♥ in Spain | Powered by BlueHost. Copyright © 2015-2017 GSM USB Driver. 
www.GSMUnlockUSA.com - #1 Direct Source Wholesale | Welcome, Guest! | Sign In | Instructions | Order Status | My Account | Shopping Cart ( 0 ). Search Bulk Unlock Code. Home | Apple iPhone | Blackberry 10 | Dell | Huawei | HTC | LG | Motorola | Nokia Lumia | Pantech | Samsung | SonyEricsson | ZTE. Guarantee The Lowest Price - Apple iPhone Factory Unlocked!. Great News!! Huawei Factory Code (Premium) is back with new price, very fast 0-3 working days.. The #1 Site For Online Unlocking. We are the best in the online unlocking business. Work Directly with the Source - Great. for CellPhone Store, Service Center, Webmaster, eBay sellers !. This Web site is secured with a GoDaddy.com Web Server Certificate. on the site are protected with up to 256-bit Secure Sockets Layer encryption.. Your personal and financial in information is safe with us!. GoDaddy.com has verified that the certificate holder controls the domain www.masterunlockcode.com.. Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code. Unlocking your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code has never been easier! That's right - you're FREE, your unlocked handset will accept any SIM card from ANY provider worldwide! You're just 30 seconds away from freedom.. We guarantee it. Our Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code unlocking process is safe and 100% money-back guaranteed. Your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code will not be damaged in any way through this process. So how do you unlock your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code ? It's as easy as texting a friend! We'll provide you step-by-step instructions on how to unlock your handset, as well as an unlock code straight from the manufacturer.. To GET STARTED : Select the original carrier of your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code from the list below to start unlocking your phone.. Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code. Warranty: All our Unlock CODES are 100% genuine and. guaranteed, if for any reason your unlock codes are Not Found in our database then. we will issue a full refund.. Select Original Network Provider (Phone is from) Regular Price Special Price Delivery Time. You should select the original. carrier of the phone(Phone is Currently Locked to). $19.95 $19.95 Save % 1-3 days Spain - Vodafone. $49.95 $34.95 Save 30% 1-2 Days United Kingdom - Vodafone. $29.95 $19.95 Save 33% 1-5 Days. Regular Price: $19.95 $19.95 (Save %). Regular Price: $49.95 $34.95 (Save 30%). Regular Price: $29.95 $19.95 (Save 33%). To find IMEI, dial *#06# on your phone. (To find IMEI, dial *#06# on your phone). The PRD (Product Code) can be located on the label under the phone battery. Your personal and financial in information is safe with us!. Does your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code work only with your current service provider or, when you insert a SIM card from another network, do you see any of the following messages?. - Enter SIM Unlock Code (Simlock). If so, your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code is LOCKED and we can help you remove this lock on your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code in a few simple steps, allowing you to use your phone on any GSM wireless network anywhere in the world. You will not have to mail in your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code. No technical knowledge required at all. Simply provide us your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code’s IMEI number and we do all the rest. - Simply provide us your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code’s IMEI (which can be found by typing *#06# into your phone), during check out. - After order placement, the Unlock CODES together with easy to follow instructions guides will be sent to your email address within the time frame given. - Follow the unlocking instructions provided by MasterUnlockCode.com and easily dial in the supplied Unlock CODE for your mobile and start using your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code with any SIM Card. Reasons to remote unlock your cell phone. - Save a fortune abroad, by using cheap local SIM Cards rather than expensive roaming tariffs. - As usually subsidize the cost of the phone, by unlocking it you are increasing the resale value of your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code by up to 300%. - Use your work and personal SIM Card in your unlocked Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code - no need to carry two phones again. - Get the best value tariffs by swapping SIM Cards to take advantage of the latest offers. - You never send your phone to anybody. You receive the instructions within hours; unlocking itself takes 1-3 minutes. - No opening your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code and risk of damage to your device. - Very easy, no technical experience necessary. - No complicated software or hardware just enters Unlock CODE, and your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code is PERMANENTLY unlocked. - Is safe and does not void cell phone's warranty. - Unlocking is a one-time event. It works for the life of your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code. All our Unlock CODES are 100% genuine and guaranteed, if for any reason your unlock codes are not found in our database then we will issue a full refund.. Why my Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code is locked?. When you purchase a cell phone it is often offered at a discounted price by the cellular network. In return for this generosity they "lock" your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code to their network, so that you can only use their network for making and receiving calls. This means that you cannot use the SIM card of another network, and if you try to do so the phone will display "Phone Restricted", “Contact Service Provider”, “Enter Unlock Code” or a similar message. Unlocking the phone removes this lock, allowing you to use your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code on any GSM wireless network anywhere in the world. Why should I unlock my Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code?. - Save a fortune abroad, by using cheap local SIM cards rather than expensive roaming tariffs. - As usually subsidize the cost of the phone, by unlocking it you are increasing the resale value of your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code by up to 300%. - Use your work and personal SIM card in your unlocked Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code no need to carry two phones again. - Get the best value tariffs by swapping SIM cards to take advantage of the latest offers. - You never send your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code to anybody. - No opening your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code and risk of damage to your device. - Very easy, no technical experience necessary. - No complicated software or hardware just enters code, and your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code is PERMANENTLY unlocked. - Is safe and does not void Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code’s warranty. - Unlocking is a one-time event. It works for the life of your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code. - Will I have to unlock my Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code every time I change SIM Card?. - No, even if you upgrade the software (flash) or hard reset your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code, it remains permanently unlocked, no matter what you do to it. A SIM card or Subscriber Identity Module is a portable memory chip used in GSM phones. The SIM Card allows users to change phones by simply removing the SIM Card from one cell phone and inserting it into another. The SIM holds personal identity information, cell phone number, phone book, text messages and other data. How does the remote unlocking work?. Upon successful order submission, we will process your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code's unique IMEI number and email back an unlock code. The International Mobile Equipment Identity or IMEI is a 15 digit serial number unique to every GSM cell phone. We generate the unlocking code from the IMEI, this is called remote unlocking. Enter *#06# into your phone to retrieve the unique 15 digit IMEI number. It can also be found printed on the back of the phone underneath the battery. No software or cable is required at all. How do I enter the unlock code?. It is very easy to enter the unlock code. How Safe is it and is it guaranteed to Work?. Removing the network restriction on your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code with unlocking codes is the safest and fastest way to unlock a cell phone. There is absolutely no risk of damaging your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code or void warranty. You simply enter the unlock codes directly into your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code via the Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code’s keypad to remove the network restriction. We guarantee it to work or your money back. On November 26, 2006, the U.S. Copyright Office ruled that consumers can legally unlock their cell phones in order to use them with rival carriers. Some times you might be able to ask your network to provide you with an unlock code. However, they will only do this for free if you have completed your contract. Obviously most networks don't want you moving away from their network so they will often charge extortionate rates to unlock your Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code and you can also be made to wait up to 3 weeks to receive your unlock codes. For USA phones manufactured before January 26th, 2013, you may still legally unlock in accordance with the the Digital Millenium Copyright Act.. It is illegal to unlock USA devices that are manufactured after January 26th, 2013 unless you have permission from your service provider. We will not provide any service for any USA service provider cell phone or smart phone manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later. MasterUnlockCode.com will not be held liable or responsible if you place an order for an unlock code for any USA service provider cell phone that was manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later. If you make a purchase on MasterUnlockCode.com or any affiliated website you accept full responsibility for complying with all local, national, and international laws. MasterUnlockCode.com will not knowingly give any advice or provide any service to anyone who wishes to unlock a phone that was purchased from a USA service provider manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later in The United States of America.. Vodafone Smart 4 power Unlock Code , Unlock Vodafone Smart 4 power , How to unlock Vodafone Smart 4 power , How to factory unlock Vodafone Smart 4 power , How to permanently unlock Vodafone Smart 4 power , Free Vodafone Smart 4 power unlock instructions. OVER 2,500,000 PHONES UNLOCKED OPEN 24/7 · LOWEST PRICES GUARANTEED!. We are the direct source for IMEI remote unlock codes. We have the fastest processing times. If a code is "Not Found" or if the code isn't working. we will give you a 100% refund. If you are having problems unlocking your device our knowledge staff and support. will guide you through the procedure.. Ready to unlock your device now?. Yes it is completely legal and you will not void the. We have unlocks for most of the major phone manufacturers including Blackberry,. HTC, Samsung, Nokia, Sony Ericcson, LG, Huawei, Palm, HP and many more! If you do. not see your manufacturer listed below please contact us!. By buying a code from us you are getting the fastest and highest quality service. We offer 100% working unlock codes from all the major manufacturers. FAQs | Instructions | Contact Us. www.GSMUnlockUSA.com - #1 Direct Source Wholesale - Store Owners, Dealers and Resellers. How to unlock iPhone 8 Plus. How to unlock iPhone 7 Plus. How to unlock iPhone 6S Plus. How to unlock iPhone 6 Plus. © 2007 - 2018 PD Software Ltd | Home | Terms of Sale | Privacy Policy | Contact Us. 
Your are currently using Vodafone.com without Javascript. Without javascript enabled we cannot guarantee your current experience but would you like to visit our mobile version for a better experance?. We have a significant presence in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific through our subsidiary undertakings, joint ventures, associated undertakings and investments. Visit our 'Where we are' map to see the countries where we have coverage.. Vodafone Smart 4 power features the very latest 4G technology, a large vibrant screen which is perfect for watching videos, reading or playing games, and a high capacity battery to keep you connected all day and all night.. The Vodafone Smart 4 turbo is the most affordable 4G device in the Vodafone range, delivering outstanding performance and functionality with no compromise on quality.. Displaying page 1 of 1. We use cookies to improve your experience, show you content you may like. Continue if you're ok with this, or read our privacy policy .. We use cookies to improve your experience on this site. 
Características técnicas Vodafone Smart 4 Power. Vodafone Smart 4 Power: Características e especificações. A Vodafone Smart Power 4 é um smartphone Android com uma tela de 5 polegadas QHD traseira câmera de 5 megapixels, processador quad-core 1.3GHz MediaTek, 1GB de RAM, 4GB de armazenamento interno, rádio FM e conectividade LTE.. Testes de usuário Vodafone Smart 4 Power. Não há experiências de usuário para Vodafone Smart 4 Power. Vodafone Smart 4 Power características avançadas. Mais opiniões sobre Vodafone Smart 4 Power. Comente sobre Vodafone Smart 4 Power. Geral Rede GSM 900/1800/1900 - HSDPA 900/2100 - LTE 800/900/1800/2100/2600 Anunciado 2014, julho Estado Disponível Tamanho Dimensões 141 x 71,4 x 9,5 milímetros Peso 162 g Exibição Tipo IPS LCD touchscreen capacitivo, 16M cores Tamanho 540 x 960 pixels, 5.0 polegadas - Suporte multitouch - O sensor do acelerómetro para auto-rotação - Sensor de proximidade para auto turn-off Toques Tipo Polyphonic, MP3, WAV Personalização De downloads Vibração Sim - 3.5 mm de áudio Memória Lista Telefônica Praticamente ilimitada entradas e campos, Photocall Registro de chamadas Praticamente ilimitada Slot para cartão microSD de até 32GB - 4GB de memória interna, 1GB RAM - 1.3GHz Mediatek processador quad-core MT6582M Características GPRS Sim Taxa de dados OS Android OS, v4.4.2 KitKat Mensagens SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Navegador HTML5 Observar Sim Alarme Sim Porta de infravermelhos Não Jogos Sim Cores Preto, Branco Câmera 5 MP, 2592х1944 pixels, autofocus, flash LED, vídeo, câmera frontal VGA - GPS com A-GPS - BORDA - 3G + HDPA - 4G LTE Cat 4. - Wi-Fi 802.11 b / g / n - A2DP Bluetooth v4.0 - MicroUSB 2.0 - NFC - Integração com redes sociais - Cancelamento de ruído ativo com microfone dedicado - Player de vídeo MP4/H.263/H.264 - Jogador Áudio MP3/WAV/eAAC + - Rádio FM estéreo com RDS - Organizador - Editor de imagem / vídeo - Editor de documentos - Serviços do Google - Memo / marcação por voz - Built-in handsfree - A previsão de texto Bateria Padrão, Li-Ion 3000 mAh Stand-by Tempo de conversação. Opiniões e comentários Vodafone Smart 4 Power. Existem 1 opiniões de Vodafone Smart 4 Power .. Tem duas camaras frontal e trazeira?. Veja todos os Comentários Vodafone Smart 4 Power - Total de avaliações de usuários: 1. Sua experiência ou perguntas sobre Vodafone Smart 4 Power. - Seja preciso na pergunta sobre Vodafone Smart 4 Power. - Conte suas experiências positivas e negativas. - Não insultar, ou usar palavras rudes, se assim for, sua opinião provavelmente será eliminada. - Não escreva em letras maiúsculas!. - Lembre-se de que o smartGSM NÃO vende telefones celulares. Sua opinião vale a pena! Recomenda (ou não!) o Vodafone Smart 4 Power para outros usuários. As especificações dos telefones celulares são para informações e podem variar. O smartGSM não é responsável pelo uso deles.. Copyright © 2004 - 2018 smart-gsm.com. 
