GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. 140.6 x 72.4 x 9.5 mm (5.54 x 2.85 x 0.37 in). 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~67.7% screen-to-body ratio). 480 x 854 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~196 ppi density). SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 - user opinions and reviews. I would try and get my mom this. She has a mobicell and it is giving more issues as its a SA own brand. With Mobiel you cannot update your whatsapp even Would rather go for this .. I like the phone for the price it works great.I wanted a phone that has fast internet and 4g it works great for me.the camera is poor but it is useable I'd rather have a camera then none at all.if your looking for cheap phone I'd highly reccomend it.. Bought this phone while I waited for my Samsung to be repaired, Got it for R999-94 (about $71.00) and did not expect fireworks from it as it is a budget phone. I actually liked it, for that little money it is a capable little phone, good screen for p.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8 alcatel Pixi 4 (5) Huawei Y5 (2017) Samsung Z4 Huawei P8 Lite (2017). Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8. 
Your are currently using Vodafone.com without Javascript. Without javascript enabled we cannot guarantee your current experience but would you like to visit our mobile version for a better experance?. Choose your country for customer service, offers and more. We have a significant presence in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific through our subsidiary undertakings, joint ventures, associated undertakings and investments. Visit our 'Where we are' map to see the countries where we have coverage.. Capture your precious moments, share and shine. Jump into the joy of 4G and experience beauty expressed through simplicity in form and function at an unbeatable price.. 5MP FF with Flash, 2MP FF front camera. 1GB RAM / 8GB ROM (end user ~4GB) + MicroSD Card slot up to 32GB. WiFi 802.11 b/g/n; Bluetooth 4.0, GPS with A-GPS. Charger, USB data cable, headset, Quick Start Guide, Safety and Warranty Information. Lowest cost LTE Cat 4 with long battery stamina with latest Android™ M and large memory Sturdy design for robustness Super ease of use (simple launcher, pre-embed apps). We use cookies to improve your experience, show you content you may like. Continue if you're ok with this, or read our privacy policy .. We use cookies to improve your experience on this site. 
You don't have permission to access /specifications/vodafone-smart-turbo-7/. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of over 5,000 results for "Vodafone Smart Turbo 7". Black For Alcatel OneTouch Pixi4 5" 4G 5045 5045D / Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VFD500 New Touch Screen Digitizer Panel Replacement ( NO LCD ). Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VFD500 Case,Gift_Source [Slim Fit] [Kickstand Feature] Magnetic Snap Case Premium PU Leather Wallet Built-in Card Slots Folio Flip Case for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VFD500 [Black]. This case is fit for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VFD500 Case ,not fit for .... 003504 - Cool Army Soldier Gas Mask Design Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Fashion Trend CASE Gel Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. Product Features Vodafone Smart Turbo 7. 003394 - Scrapbook floral pattern roses gold vintage white Design Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. Premium Rapid 2100mAh Micro USB Car Charger for Vodafone Smart V8,Smart E8,N8,Smart Turbo 7, Platinum 7 , ultra 7, prime , Black. Product Features Premium Glass Style 2100mAh Micro USB Rapid Car Charger for Vodafone Smart V8. 003104 - Boxing gloves kickboxing good luck Design Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Case, CaseFirst Wallet Case Flip Back Cover Slim Protector Protective Stand Folio Cover with Lanyard Fit for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 (Hot Pink). designed for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 , quick and simple snap .... 003186 - Dark abstract background 3D tech fantasy Design Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. Product Features Vodafone Smart Turbo 7. c01098 - Cool Green Tropical Plants Flowers Beach Fern Trees Design Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. c01008 - Cool Beautiful Forest Lungs Effect Plants Flowers Design Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. 002871 - Geometric Girly Pink Wallpaper Pattern Design Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. c00869 - Cool Inside Iphone Battery X-Ray Style Design Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. Becool - Cover Gel Flexible Vodafone Smart Turbo 7, Case made out of the best Silicone, protects and adapts flawlessly to your Smartphone, together with our exclusive designs. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7, Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector, 9H Hardness, Perfect fit, Anti-scratch, German Tech. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Car Charger 3-Port USB 4.2A Quick Adapter LED Display Fast Charging ( Black ). Smart IC: can recognize then auto match and output the most suitable .... For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 White Accessory Kit Rapid 2.1 A Car Charger Adapter & 5 Feet Fast Micro USB Data Sync and Charging Cable. Enhanced Smart Internal Circuit to provide protection from short .... 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Talkin’ Tech – Episode 50 – The Boys Are Back In Town. Talkin’ Tech – Episode 49 – It’s December. Talkin’ Tech Episode 48 – BTEE Being Told No. Talkin’ Tech Episode 47 – Card-Less Cashpoints. Tell Me More – Episode 4 – Ryan Shrout. Tell Me More – Episode 3 with Cam Bunton. Tell Me More – Episode 2 with Michael Fisher. Tell Me More – Episode 1 with Josh Walrath. 5 Essential Mobile Games for Smartphone Owners in 2018. VR Utilised To Assist Phantom Pain Patients. The OG Pebble: A Dead Product But Is It Still Worth It?. Top 5 Smartwatches of The Year 2017…So Far. Home / Reviews / Smartphone Reviews / Review: Vodafone Smart Turbo 7. 5 inch 420×854 IPS LCD display. MicroSD card slot (up to 32GB). 5MP rear camera – 2592×1944 720p. The Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 is the latest phone in the Vodafone line up. Coming in at £50 it sits in the lower end of the line. So let’s see what we think about it.. So once again I would like to thank Vodafone for kindly sending me out a unit to review.. As usual let’s get the specs out the way.. So it’s pretty much like every other Vodafone branded device really. Opening the box reveals the device itself. Pull out the phone and you find all the paperwork. Then pull out the lid and you’ll find all you accessories. In the box you get a MicroUSB cable, a cheap pair of earbuds and a power brick which again is an EU brick. I don’t understand why Vodafone give you a UK plug with some devices and an EU plug for others. Whilst it is not a problem for me I imagine that it could be for some.. Let’s take a look around the device. Starting round the front of the device you earpiece screen and the capacitive buttons. Flipping on over to the right hand side of the device you’ll find nothing. Heading up to the top you find the 3.5mm headphone jack. Heading over to the left side of the phone you’ll find the volume rocker and power button. At the bottom of the device you’ll find the microUSB port and the microphone. Finally at the back of the device you’ll find the camera and the LED flash. As well as various Vodafone branding with a recurring pattern design. Which isn’t actually that bad of a design.. In fact all it is stock Android (Android Marshmallow) with a few tweaks added by Vodafone. These tweaks are supposed to help but it may be just me but all it is a pain. It essentially just gives a simple mode and detailed tips. I’m glad that’s all it is, and I’m glad of the fact you can turn off if you want to see the tips when you are setting the device up.. The camera is what you would expect really. In some of the close up shots you can clearly see where it is trying. In all fairness this would be fine if you were in an accident and need a couple of pictures with some fair amount of detail for insurance purposes. When you to take shots that have more subjects in them the camera does a poor job. It just struggles and it quite often just washes the colour out. As previously mentioned it would do for insurance purposes. You could possibly get a few decent snaps of your pets or possibly young children. Whatever it is don’t expect high quality photos.. Now I’m not a selfie person so I only took the one as well as a bizarre pink thing I had lying around. As you can tell from the selfie I took it wasn’t great. However it is only a 2MP. camera so when you put it like that it isn’t actually that bad. It however won’t be any good for them selfie whores.. When it comes to video the first thing the Turbo does is to zoom in as soon as you record. Both on the front and on the rear camera. Whilst not a turn off it certainly is considered a nuisance. Moving on to the quality, now the rear 5MP camera records at 720p. The quality isn’t the greatest, but again it brings me back to my earlier point about being fine for certain use cases. The front camera is certainly a different story. I wouldn’t use it at all, ever.. I know it is a 2MP camera but it’s awful. You could get a quick Skype call in but that would be about it.. The display ain’t that half that bad. It’s a 5 inch 420×854 IPS LCD display and it isn’t that bad considering the resolution. The viewing angles are just fine. I mean there’s isn’t much more to say here. It’s just a basic IPS display. Though my unit’s display brightness wouldn’t change when you dragged the brightness slider around, I did turn off auto brightness but it stayed on. This does seem to be an issue with only my unit. But in all honesty it was perfectly fine for this level of device.. As you could probably guess from the fact it has a small battery and very low specs, the battery life is amazing. As you can see from the screenshots the battery lasted me all day with plenty of battery left. This was moderate use, but this is what I. In the GeekBench app the Turbo 7 did a pretty good job all things considering. It walked out with a 432 in the single-core score as well as a 1197 multi-core score. In the latest GeekBench update (GeekBench 4) they added a render script test. The Turbo got a score of 615 here.. So to conclude, yes the Turbo 7 is a nice phone and at the price I can’t see how you could go wrong. You can clearly see where it sits in Vodafone’s line up. The battery life is amazing and that is due to the specs. One thing I did do was turn all the animations down to 0.5x to get a comfortable animation speed. The whole issue that I had with the brightness settings wasn’t really a big issue though it could be an issue for some but it’s not a deal breaker for me. That 8GB of internal storage isn’t that great but it does have a microSD card slot. The cameras are ok at best but what do you expect for £39. At this price you are looking a “dumb” phones.. Taking all of that into consideration would I recommend it? Yes, at £39 you can’t go wrong with it. That’s all can say I can say to wrap it really. It’s a budget phone and you get what you pay for. If there is anything else you wish to know or you’ve brought one let us know us tell us what you think.. Tags Android review Turbo 7 vodafone. Techie, Biker, Gamer, RC Stockcar racer. Honor View 10 Review – Mostly Killer, Some Filler. Honor 7X Review: Almost Perfect… Almost.. Blackberry Motion Review : Good, but not impressive. Sony Xperia XZ1 Review: Actually, This Is Quite Nice. problem with Mobile, it’s not that their devices suck, they’re actually …. When asked if I wanted to review the Honor 6A I said yes, hell yes. Dec 29, 2016 at 9:19 pm. My battery seems to be running out in no time with almost non-use but at least I have a good starting point if I take it into the shop to discuss.. Jan 4, 2017 at 7:57 pm. Hope you get it sorted soon. If my memoery recalls it has a removeable battery.. Jan 31, 2017 at 5:55 pm. Battery stats are way off, have had 2 though work. Runs out quick when any processing power needed and takes 4 hours to charge. Feb 1, 2017 at 10:33 am. Seems to be a coomon fault at the minuite. At the time they were what I was getting. If you don’t mind me asking how long was it after you got the device did you notice the battery stats dind’t match mine? I’m unsure why, maybe there was a software update after I send mine back.. Feb 10, 2017 at 4:45 pm. When someone is calling me I have no way to answer the call as nothing is showing On The screen. Only know I have a call when it rings. No caller ID shown or any way to answer the call ?????? Cannot answer my phone when it rings please help. Only few weeks old, used to have a circle on the front for you to swipe but it has disappeared ???? Need help. Feb 16, 2017 at 9:08 am. I would try resetting the device. If all else fails then head into a store and and see what they can do. Being only a few weeks old with faults seems rather odd.. Jul 3, 2017 at 1:52 am. Same problem here with my wife’s Vodafone Smart 4. RAM amount on these phones is just too short for anything. You have to reset the phone every week to keep it clean enough to be able to place and answer calls. Soon enough you will see the clock not being updated and the alarms not ringing.. Feb 15, 2017 at 11:06 pm. Mine does not ring at all .I tried to set the ringing tone but not working neither does it vibrate.I don’t know whattodo.. Feb 16, 2017 at 9:05 am. I would start with resetting the device first and if that doesn’t work then go I’d go into a store and see what they say.. Does the screen light up when some calls?. Feb 25, 2017 at 5:39 pm. I had this phone as a present 2 weeks ago, still do not know how it works. Feb 27, 2017 at 8:44 pm. How do you answer the phone when I press the button it does not work. Feb 28, 2017 at 7:07 am. If I’m not mistaken to answer a call you have to drag the button to one side. Unfortunately I can’t remember which side it is.. Mar 24, 2017 at 12:02 pm. I bought this handset a month ago & I find it is by far the worst phone I’ve had, ever!. Calls & texts are what you’d expect from any phone, however just forget using any apps like whatsapp, facebook or ebay; all of which don’t just suffer from constant lag but actually cut out & hang during use. I use an app called ‘Call blocker Pro’ (paid version) which has worked without fault on previous handsets, HTC, Blackberry Priv etc., but on this ‘Smart?’ ‘Turbo?’ the app just gets turned off randomly. I don’t know how or why this should be & it’s annoying to have calls coming through which have previously been blocked. Even Vodafones app takes 2-3 minutes to load. The battery life is also appalling, at best 5 or maybe 7 hours of use before needing what seems an unnecessarily long time to charge. Having turned off all notifications except calls & texts & absolutely no background usage by anything. I just feel Vodafone are cynically laughing all the way to the bank having just seemingly thrown & few bits together & called it a handset; safe in the knowledge that the sheer size of their company make most complaints just water off a ducks back. There are a good many very cheaply produced & priced Chinese import phones which leave this offering from Vodafone as effective as two tin cans & a piece of string & I imagine the Chinese who made this handset for Vodafone are scratching their heads in wonder.. Mar 27, 2017 at 11:54 am. Don’t forget the price point here. Everything we tried seemed to work without too much hassle but it’s not a mid-ranger. It will have it’s limitations, however I’m surprised at the ones you found when we did not.. Apr 19, 2017 at 7:21 am. £35? They charged me £45 in the Vodafone shop plus £10 for the SIM card I didn’t need, so £55. Can anyone tell me how to turn off the torchlight please? Not sure how it came on. May 20, 2017 at 5:48 am. Iv had this phone a week now and in that time its switched its self off and took a day to come back on then twice its got that hot it’s burnt my finger…. May 20, 2017 at 9:13 pm. Took a day to come back on? That seems VERY strange indeed. However not all products can be 100%. I’m sure a replacement would be fine. If you do get a replacement let us know how it goes.. May 23, 2017 at 12:49 pm. I haven’t used the device since I reviewed the device. It hasn’t appeared to age well at all.. May 22, 2017 at 11:27 am. I got my first turbo 7 in January after fully charging the battery I started to use when the battery got to about 60% the phone would not let me switch it on until I charged for 5mins or so. I took it into shop and it was sent off for repair only to find it had the same fault a new battery was put in and the same happened again. 3 trips to the shop and sent off for repair same fault. I then got a replacement phone, the same phone, this one was exactly the same about 60% and unable to switch on. I have a spare smart phone and this lasts for at least 3 days without charge. May 23, 2017 at 12:46 pm. From what your saying you drum to be doing everything fine. The phone appears to having problems ageing. I’ve nit used the device since I reviewed it. All I can suggest is going back to the store and they should sort it. If you get any updates please let me know. Jun 13, 2017 at 10:32 pm. The buttons on the side of the phone are far too easy to press during normal use. I’m constantly locking the screen mid-usage which is very annoying.. Other than that I’m pretty impressed at what you get for your cash.. I have requested a network unlocking code from VF so I can use it on another network. The only other issue is figuring out how to completely debrand it (vodafone splash screen during log on – no thanks) and then i’ll be happy.. Jun 15, 2017 at 10:04 pm. As I recall I didn’t have an this issue. But rather hitting the volume down instead of lock button. Somthing that I quickly got used too. Though the new Vodafone Smart N8 seems to suffer the same problem. I dont think it helps as the buttons don’t have a differernt feel to them.. Jul 7, 2017 at 10:51 am. Everything working fine but recently bttery drains fast esp on Wi-Fi. Internal memory not large enough for apps.. Not as good as my htc vigro though in terms of camera for instnce. Jul 8, 2017 at 8:59 am. Still in warranty…get it swapped out?. Aug 1, 2017 at 8:38 am. Out of all 5 VERY low budget phones I have used since 2013, the turbo 7 is the absolute worst.. Small battery is a common thing and it’s removable so I’ll let that slide.. First and foremost, the screen keeps glitching, must be the sweat from my hands but it’s still dreadful even if I wiped the screen and even with the most precise touch, the keyboard glitches so bad it’s like someone banged their head on the keyboard a couple of times.. Speaking of screens………… really? 480p resolution?? This makes the Emoji Movie look like a masterpiece.. The processing is so bad, it refused to open Snapchat and the specs are way below the requirements to OPEN Pokemon Go.. The 8GB internal storage is common for low budget phone users but the system ate nearly ALL the memory, Google Play keeps notifying me that the phone has not enough storage space so I had to use APKs. I’ve moved all the files and the apps once but it wouldn’t run properly on external storage, so there’s no hope.. Vodafone became my wow factor in the past but now I no longer trust them anymore. And on top of that, DON’T GET ME STARTED ON THE SMART E8. It’s a huge embarrassment to the Smart Turbo 7 regarding the specs and benchmarks, It’s like taking a dump and slap in the Vodafone logo and potato camera. Not even the fingerprint scanner on the Smart N8 can regain my trust and respect, it’s all gone. I’d rather switch to Spark (NZ Carrier). And speaking of New Zealand, they sponsor the worst Rugby League team ever (Warriors), they’re like a pile of jackass running in the field.. Sorry if I sounded angry and ruthless in this comment but I had to get this out of my chest. Luckily I found the Galaxy J3 on special so I’ll get that for my birthday next week, so I found hope.. Aug 7, 2017 at 4:07 pm. I was wondering can you block numbers using this phone, also I don’t know when I have had a call nothing comes up on the display is this normal does anyone know. Aug 24, 2017 at 12:01 am. The big button lowers the ring volume when pressed accidentally during a call. From then on I don’t hear any ring tone. From time to time, when an inward call fails, I get a massive explosive sound in my ear, it’s so loud and has happened 5 times (at random) I am now having to visit my audiologist – after each such event I can not hear from the ear for about 30 minutes. Vodafone store here (in NZ) can’t fix the problem, but then they couldn’t turn of the torch either !!! Trouble is I am 70 years too old for this heap of junk and it’s not a good look asking 7 year-old kids on the street for help.. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Notify me of follow-up comments by email.. Notify me of new posts by email.. Massdrop NuForce EDC3 IEM Quick Review. Watch Hands On With The Huawei Matebook X Pro - MWC2018. Massdrop NuForce EDC3 IEM Quick Review. © Copyright 2018, All Rights Reserved. 
The next video is starting stop. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Review #Vodafone. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Review SUBSCRIBE - http://bit.ly/subcribetome Product by Vodafone UK http://bit.ly/VodafoneGeek #Vodafone #SmartTurbo7 #androidphone #smartphone Find me on -- Web http://www.geekanoids.co.uk/ Twitter http://www.twitter.com/geekanoids/ Facebook http://www.facebook.com/geekan0ids/ Google+ http://bit.ly/GeekGPlus Instagram http://instagram.com/geekanoids/ Tumblr http://geekanoids.tumblr.com/ Luxury Lifestyle http://youtube.com/LuxuryLifestyleCha... GeekVloggz http://youtube.com/GeekVloggz --- music : Original Audio ©Geekanoids --- Please use my Amazon links ... it doesn't cost you a penny extra - UK http://bit.ly/GeekUK •. USA http://bit.ly/GeekUSA Canada http://bit.ly/GeekCa •. France http://bit.ly/GeekFR Germany http://bit.ly/GeekDE •. Spain http://bit.ly/GeekES Italy http://bit.ly/GeekITA Support this Channel http://www.davidcryer.uk/ Subscribe to the Newsletter http://bit.ly/GeekNews Send us something & get a shoutout: http://bit.ly/GeekAmaz Geekanoids is part of GluMedia Group https://www.facebook.com/GluMediaGroup/ Any Amazon links that appear in the video description are affiliate links. They do not alter the price you pay. Geekanoids earns a small commission on each sale.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. المزامير مرتلة بأجمل أصوات فريق أبو فام Halim Fouad. Vodafone Smart turbo 7 dual | هاتف ببلاش من فودافون. Cat S60 Tough Smartphone Review : World's Toughest Smartphone With Flir ! ( Full review ). Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 uboxing and hands-on. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 - Review: the price is right!. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Vodafone VFD 600 FRP - Google Account Bypass for Vodafone VFD 600 / 700 Android 6.0.1. VFD 500 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Google Account Bypass FRP. Vodafone Smart E8 Unboxing & Hands-on Review: £50 smartphone!. VFD 500 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 google account bypass. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 & Smart First 7 Unboxing & Review. Bypass Google Account Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VFD 500 Remove FRP. Vodafone Smart 4G Turbo, recensione in italiano. Vodafone Smart 7 Turbo Unboxing + Setup. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for vodafone smart turbo 7. All Listings - Current page. results for vodafone smart turbo 7. Save vodafone smart turbo 7 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow vodafone smart turbo 7 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Wallet Cartoon Flip leather Case For Vodafone Smart E8/Mini 7/Platiunm 7/Turbo 7. For Vodafone Smart Cell Phones Soft Pudding TPU Gel Silicone Back Cover Case. For Vodafone Smart E8 N8 V8 Smart 7 Phone Leather Wallet Pouch Bag Case Cover. Soft Pudding TPU Gel Silicone Cover cellphone Case For Cubot / Wiko / Vodafone. For various phone luxury Wallet card holder Magnetic Leather case cover + stylus. For Vodafone Smart Phones Luxury Wallet Leather Case Flip Cover + Screen Guard. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Flip Magnetic Card Wallet PU Leather Case Cover. New Genuine Leather slot wallet stand flip Cover Skin Case. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VFD500 Build-in Back Case PU Leather Stand Flip Cover. Angry eyes Litchi Leather wallet flip stand pouch Cover Case For Vodafone. Luxury PU Leather Flip Bling Diamond Wallet Case Girls' Phone Cover & straps A8. Magnetic Bling Luxury Diamonds Crystal PU Leather wallet flip Slots Cover Case12. Wind Chimes Butterfly Dandelion Vertical flip case cover for Various Cell Phone. Wind Chimes Quicksand Flip PU Leather Wallet Stand Cover Case For Vodafone Model. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VFD500 Stand Flip Case Cover PU Leather Wallet Skin. New Genuine Leather slot wallet stand flip Cover Skin Case. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VDF500 Wood Grain PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VDF500 Oracle Vein PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VDF500 Silk Vein PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VDF500 Suture Silk PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VDF500 Lafite Vein PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VDF500 Diamond Vein PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VDF500 Glittery PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VDF500 Luxury Braid Knit Weave Case Flip Cover Wallet. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VDF500 Luxury Clover Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vivid Leaf Straps Case Flip Cover Wallet Holster Bag. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Luxury Palace Flower PU Leather Case Cover Flip Card. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VFD500 Stand Flip Case Cover PU Leather Wallet Skin. Magnetic Flip stand Card Leather +TPU Wallet Phone Case Cover For Various Phone. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VDF500 Soft Gel Case Cover Love Girl Blossom Mask. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VDF500 Crazy Horse Case Cover Flip PU Leather Wallet. Custom-made Leather Flip Bling Diamond Wallet Case Girls' Phone Cover & strap 22. NEW Magnetic Wallet flowers PU leather stand cover case & strap #31. Handmade Magnetic Wallet flowers butterfly leather stand flip cover case & strap. New fashion Cartoon Flower Leather slots wallet pouch case skin cover #4 N. Bling Glitter Quicksand Hourglass Dynamic PU leather wallet Cover Cse & strap N. Handmade Magnetic Wallet flowers leaf PU leather stand flip cover case & strap. Custom-handmad Magnetic Bling Diamond Jewelled Leather Flip Wallet Cover Case #Z. 2017 White Luxury Crystal Bling Diamond Flip Leather Case For Various Phone. Case Wallet Stand Flip Cover PU Leather Case for Vodafone Cover ~9 Colors. JL For Moto Asus Vodafone Blackberry Crocodile Wallet Card Leather Case Cover. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VDF500 Crocodile PU leather Case Flip Cover Card Slot. Handmade Luxury Bling Blue Diamond butterfly Leather Wallet Case Cover & strap 6. Handmade Luxury Bling Purple Diamond cross Leather Wallet Case Cover & strap X. Bling Crystal Diamonds Rhinestone PU leather wallet flip stand Case cover skin w. Handmade Luxury Leather Bling Pink lace mirror Wallet Phone Case Cover & strap X. Fashion Diamonds Crystal Handmade Rhinestone Jewelled Flower Phone Case Cover W. PU Leather Flip Bling Rhinestone Diamond Wallet Case Girl Cover For Moto Doogee. For Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Turbo7 New soft TPU Matte Gel skin case cover. Vodafone Smart N8 E8 V8 first 7 ultra 7 prime 7 Turbo 7. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
By using vodafone.com.mt, you're consenting to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.. Close My Vodafone Log In menu. 140.6 x 72.4 x 9.5 mm. with RED Start and RED Value. 
Home › Vodafone › Smart turbo 7 Vodafone Smart turbo 7 - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Vodafone Smart turbo 7 List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Vodafone Smart turbo 7 Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR. Dimensions : 72.41 x 140.61 x 9.5 mm Weight : 167 g SoC : MediaTek MT6735M CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1000 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 500 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC Display : 5 in, TFT, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Vodafone Model Smart turbo 7 Model alias VFD-500 VFD-501 Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 72.41 mm (millimeters) 7.24 cm (centimeters) 0.24 ft (feet) 2.85 in (inches) Height 140.61 mm (millimeters) 14.06 cm (centimeters) 0.46 ft (feet) 5.54 in (inches) Thickness 9.5 mm (millimeters) 0.95 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.37 in (inches) Weight 167 g (grams) 0.37 lbs (pounds) 5.92 oz (ounces) Volume 96.72 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 5.87 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Gray Silver Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 1 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE 700 MHz (B28) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 6.0 Marshmallow System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6735M Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1000 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP1 GPU cores 1 GPU frequency 500 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 1 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 533 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 8 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology TFT Diagonal size 5 in (inches) 127 mm (millimeters) 12.7 cm (centimeters) Width 2.45 in (inches) 62.23 mm (millimeters) 6.22 cm (centimeters) Height 4.36 in (inches) 110.71 mm (millimeters) 11.07 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.779:1 Resolution 480 x 854 pixels Pixel density 196 ppi (pixels per inch) 77 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 67.88 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 2592 x 1944 pixels 5.04 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Face detection White balance settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Image resolution 1600 x 1200 pixels 1.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AAC+ / aacPlus / HE-AAC v1 AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) VP8 Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2000 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 10 h (hours) 600 min (minutes) 0.4 days 2G stand-by time 200 h (hours) 12000 min (minutes) 8.3 days 3G talk time 10 h (hours) 600 min (minutes) 0.4 days 3G stand-by time 200 h (hours) 12000 min (minutes) 8.3 days Features Removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (EU) 0.332 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (EU) 1.67 W/kg (watts per kilogram). Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. The SAR head rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is held next to the ear in a talk position. In Europe, the SAR limit for hand-held mobile devices is set to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard is specified by the CENELEC, complies with the IEC standards and follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998.. This SAR rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is placed at the hip level. The top SAR value for mobile devices used in Europe is limited to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998 as well as the IEC standards and is determined by the CENELEC.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 72.41 x 140.61 x 9.5 mm Weight : 167 g SoC : MediaTek MT6735M CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1000 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP1, 500 MHz RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Display : 5 in, TFT, 480 x 854 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2000 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 ». williams, 01 Dec 2017 firstly - its a 4 gig storage phone - total storage - and the camera is so poor for a 5 meg ca... more I would try and get my mom this. She has a mobicell and it is giving more issues as its a SA own brand. With Mobiel you cannot update your whatsapp even Would rather go for this .. I like the phone for the price it works great.I wanted a phone that has fast internet and 4g it works great for me.the camera is poor but it is useable I'd rather have a camera then none at all.if your looking for cheap phone I'd highly reccomend it.. Bought this phone while I waited for my Samsung to be repaired, Got it for R999-94 (about $71.00) and did not expect fireworks from it as it is a budget phone. I actually liked it, for that little money it is a capable little phone, good screen for price, fast internet and running games like Into the dead and Enemy Strike without a glitch. Battery do take long to charge though.. firstly - its a 4 gig storage phone - total storage - and the camera is so poor for a 5 meg camera - I sold my mobicel switch for this , but surely it was na mistake, even tho it had a 512 meg processor. My god...this phone has THE lowest pixel density (PPI) of ANY Android phone, ever, period!. Do Not Buy, even if someone gives it to you for free, don't take it. Touch it with wet hands and the touch screen will go crazy for an hour and you won't be able to use the phone. Getting a call while playing music? the phone won't bother to pause the music, so you'll listen to music while on a call. Ntk, 10 Apr 2017 Please can someone help me, how can you move your apps to your SD card Lmao seriously don't bother you will regret it but if your up for a challenge format sdcard as internal storage but if you sdcard is slow it will lag like sticky shit on the wall .must use UHS class10 or its gonna hurt. And that sdcard will never be usable in an other device again screw mine up unformatable fully encrypted for that device you have been warned. I must agree with others what a price of shit iv rooted this device xposed models don't help greenify bearly makes any difference on battery life keyboard sucks ass it really is dumb slug 7 I wouldn't even want to port another ROM to it as I don't think it would help lmfao $99 I played $98 to much back to my j2 Samsung smart prime 7 could do 1080p fuk sakes lol and that was $100 worth every cent to oh well dig deeper people coz this is an anchor in your pocket. battery is total rubbish, it charge for long but stays less. It's not the best phone in the world but there are worse phones out there.Yes, the touchscreen is not total garbage but it is overly sensitive. The internal memory will get filled up VERY quickly. Adding a sim card seems to add nothing to the phone. The only VERY ANNOYING "feature" to the phone is the ridge round the edge of the phone which will chop your ear off if you hold the phone next to your ear! A blue tooth headset is required. Or, better still, a better phone!. you really get what you pay for with this phone. taking deep breaths when texting seems to help this phone not end up in pieces. The phone is great, however after charging to 100% of battery, it can hardly go for 8 hours, is there a problem with may battery. I bought the phone last month.. how does one turn off this phone, keeps rebooting???????. poodles, 13 Jun 2017 How do you Turn off talk back. Go to where the apps are. big chance that this comment will be deleted because it's too ruthless but, I am so sick of Vodafone, not only they lack of unlimited mobile data, it's because they don't know how to make good budget phones. Since 2013, my experience with Vodafone's smart phones is a living hell, and since I got the Smart Turbo 7 or should I say the 'Dumb Slug 7', this phone takes the cake. First off, the keyboard is a living hell. It glitches really bad, even the most precise touch and resetting won't help. My other smartphones may be slow and no longer work, but their keyboards are fine. And there's something I don't get, is that this 5 inch phone only displays 480p resolution. The smart prime 6 can display 720p HD quite nicely. Though this phone has 8GB internal storage, even if I have all my files on my SD card, the internal storage is 90% full and no files are even in there. Google Play always notifies me that I have no storage left. Processing is awful, Pokemon Go won't open. In conclusion, I have found the bottom of the barrel and I have lost respect to Vodafone and all their phones, I don't trust their quote unquote 'faster' smart N8 and all of their other phones. I'd rather switch to cheap chinese phones or go back to the Samsung C3050.. How do you Turn off talk back.. When incoming call it rings but cannot slide left to right as no button to do this. titch, 06 Jan 2017 Ican not see how Vodafone can charge £11.00 more than Argos for the Vodafone turbo smart... more You can download the user manual here - https://www.vodafone.com/content/dam/group/devic­es/downloads/smartturbo7/VFD-500-UM-Eng.pdf. As long as your phone browser supports pdf files? If not try Firefox browser. Adam, 17 Feb 2017 Pretty rubbish phone, screen is terrible you have to have it directly facing you to see it pro... more Sounds like you haven't removed the protective blue plastic sheet from the screen. On the apps and crashing have you turned everything off you don't want with nothing left running in the back ground? If yes then you need to upgrade to probably a £200 plus phone.. Alex67, 17 Apr 2017 I hate the turbo7 its total rubbish. Motorola kindly gave us the moon tech. more Try Opera mini browser.It works great.. Pages: 1 2 ». Total of 38 user reviews and opinions for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8 alcatel Pixi 4 (5) Huawei Y5 (2017) Samsung Z4 Huawei P8 Lite (2017). Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8. 
CHOOSE A MOBILE & COMPARE PRICES. Alcatel Pixi 4 4 Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s 128GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s 16GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s 32GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 128GB Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 128GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 128GB Silver. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 16GB Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 16GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 16GB Silver. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 32GB Silver. Apple iPhone 6s Plus 64GB Silver. Apple iPhone 7 128GB (PRODUCT) RED. Apple iPhone 7 128GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 128GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 256GB (PRODUCT) RED. Apple iPhone 7 256GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 256GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 32GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 32GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB (PRODUCT) RED. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 128GB Silver. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB (PRODUCT) RED. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB Silver. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Jet Black. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Silver. Apple iPhone 8 Plus 256GB Gold. Apple iPhone 8 Plus 256GB Silver. Apple iPhone 8 Plus 64GB Gold. Apple iPhone 8 Plus 64GB Silver. Apple iPhone SE 128GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone SE 32GB Rose Gold. Apple iPhone SE 64GB Rose Gold. Apple Watch Series 3 38mm Space Grey Aluminium Case with Black Sport Band. Apple Watch Series 3 38mm Stainless Steel Case with Soft White Sport Band. Apple Watch Series 3 42mm Silver Aluminium Case with Fog Sport Band. Apple Watch Series 3 42mm Space Grey Aluminium Case with Black Sport Band. Google Pixel 2 128GB Clearly White. Google Pixel 2 128GB Just Black. Google Pixel 2 64GB Clearly White. Google Pixel 2 64GB Just Black. Google Pixel 2 64GB Kinda Blue. Google Pixel 2 XL 128GB Black White. Google Pixel 2 XL 128GB Just Black. Google Pixel 2 XL 64GB Black White. Google Pixel 2 XL 64GB Just Black. Mobile Broadband USB Modem Stick Black. Mobile Broadband USB Modem Stick White. Motorola Moto G5 16GB Fine Gold. Motorola Moto G5 16GB Lunar Grey. Motorola Moto G5 Plus 32GB Lunar Grey. Samsung Galaxy A3 2017 Peach Cloud. Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 Peach Cloud. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Dual SIM Black. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Dual SIM Gold. Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge 128GB Gold Platinum. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Pink Gold. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Arctic Silver. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Coral Blue. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Dual SIM Black. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Dual SIM Orchid Grey. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Orchid Grey. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus Rose Pink. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 2016 7.0. Compare > Mobiles > Vodafone Smart Turbo 7. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 information ratings and reviews. Click the "contract deals" button above to view and compare deals for contract pay as you go, secondhand and recycle deals and offers Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 News, Reviews, Specifications, Downloads and Videos read real user reviews and view full specifications and when you are ready to by click the Contract Deals button above to find the best deals compared from the whole UK mobile phone market.. Free Vodafone Smart Turbo 7. Back to top Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Reviews. There are no reviews for the Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 yet.. Rated 0 / 10 from 0 reviews. Why not add your own review for the Vodafone Smart Turbo 7?. Enter me into the competition for a chance to win a phone. There are no Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 reviews yet if you have used this phone before why not be the first to add a review?. Reviewing this mobile phone will help others to decide if the Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 is the best phone for them, you can be as descriptive as you like, describe the features and functions you think are the most useful, remember to include the bad points to, the bits you think could have been better or made simpler perhaps. Add a Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 review.. Home | About us | Privacy & Cookies | Terms of use | Link to us | Contact us | Be compared | Blog. 
How to Root Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 with KingoRoot Android (PC Version). How to Root Android with KingoRoot (PC Version) Device powered ON At least 50% battery level Internet connection necessary USB Cable (the original one recommended) Step 1: Free download and install KingoRoot Android (PC Version). Step 2: Double click the desktop icon of Kingo Root and launch it. Step 3: Plug your Android device into your computer via USB cable. Step 4: Enable USB Debugging mode on your Android device. Step 5: Read notifications carefully before rooting your device. Step 6: Click "ROOT" to root your device. Step 8: Check the root status of your device.. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 was released in August 2016. Powered by a Li-Ion 2000 mAh battery, the smartphone runs Android 6.0. The Turbo 7 packs with a 8 GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. It measures 140.60 x 72.40 x 9.50 (height x width x thickness) and weighs 167.00 grams. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 480 pixels by 854 pixels.. Why Root Vodafone Smart Turbo 7. With your beloved handset, you may want to look for good Android Apps online, only to find that they are not available for your device. There are millions of apps on Google Play, when you want to download an app you like so much, but sometimes the Google play store will deliver a message: "This app is incompatible with your Android Device." You may feel frustrating with this message and just want to solve this problem because you really like to enjoy this app. Only by rooting your Smart Turbo 7, can you download it freely.. Root Tool for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7. KingoRoot Android (PC Version) is one of the best one-click rooter/root tool for Android. Download from the official website, KingoRoot enables you to root your Smart Turbo 7 in seamless steps. With just one click, you can begin rooting your phone. After completing root process, you can install all the apps that you love and even the awesome apps only for rooted devices without worrying they are not incompatible with your Android device.. Make sure you get everything right beforehand.. KingoRoot offers the best one-click Android root software for free.The download will be automatically started to your PC. After download is complete, install the Kingo ROOT.. After launching Kingo Android Root, you will see its interface as shown below.. If your device USB driver is not installed on your Computer, Kingo ROOT will install it for you automatically. Make sure you get Internet conenction so that device driver can be downloaded. If you can't connect your devcie to the computer, please refer to Device Not Connected .. If you are using Windows 8, you may need to change some settings first. When running Kingo Android Root on Windows 8, the issue you may most likely encounter is driver installation looping.. How to solve driver installation looping on Windows 8 when running Kingo Android Root?. USB Debugging mode enabled is a necessary step of Android rooting process.. INPORTANT : Pay attention to your device screen for a prompt window. Tick "Always allow from this computer". If you don't, you will probably get yourself an OFFLINE DEVICE.. How to enable USB Debugging mode?. However, it is not exactly a small issue either. Rooting your device may open a door for you, and yet with risks.. Android rooting is a modification process to the original system, in which the limitations are removed and full-access is allowed and thus resulting in the ability to alter or replace system applications and settings, run specialized apps and even facilitate the removal and replacement of the device's operating system with a custom one. Rooting your device will immediately void your warranty... Click to know more about Android Rooting .. Kingo Root will employ multiple exploits on your device, which will probably take a couple of minutes. In the rooting process, your device may be rebooted several times. Do not be panic, it is perfectly normal. And once it begins, please DO NOT touch, move, unplug or perform any operation on your device.. Hopefully your device is well supported and successfully rooted by Kingo. Until your device reboots itself, do not operate.. Normally, you will find an app named "SuperUser" installed on your device after successful rooting.. How to Root Android without Computer (APK ROOT without PC). How to Root Android with KingoRoot (PC Version). How to Root Android 6.0/6.0.1 (Marshmallow) with KingoRoot APK. How to Get Root Access on Android 6.0/6.0.1 Marshmallow devices with KingoRoot. How to root Android 5.0/5.1 (Lollipop) with KingoRoot APK. How to Root Android 4.4 KitKat (4.4.2 & 4.4.4) with KingoRoot. How to Root Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean with KingoRoot. How to Root Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean with KingoRoot. How to Root ZTE in One Click with KingoRoot Android. How to Root Lenovo in One Click with KingoRoot Android. KingoRoot Android on Windows has the highest success rate. It supports almost any Android device and version.. KingoRoot for Android is the most convenient and powerful apk root tool. Root any Android device and version without connecting to PC.. Copyright Â© 2013-2017 FingerPower Digital Technology Ltd. Android, Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.. 
PR Home Tech Games Apps Computing Auto Phones Problems Reviews Sales Updates. Vodafone Smart turbo 7 review: Price a factor against Moto G. ← Fly FPS hack for Pokemon Go grinds without moving Catalyst Wireless Sport Earbuds triples KickStarter goal → ← Previous Next →. By Peter Chubb - Sep 22, 2016. It’s been just over a year since the launch of the Smart Prime 6 budget handset, and so we were delighted to know what the Vodafone Smart turbo 7 would be like. Ok, so we know this is not its successor, but it’s another budget smartphone from the UK network. Not everyone cares about the iPhone 7 or the Galaxy S7, as there is still a very large market for budget handsets, and the Moto G smartphones are a fine example of this.. When it comes to budget phones, Motorola has pretty much ruled that area in the UK for a few years now, although they have slowly started to feel pressure from rival brands, but we guess they never thought UK network, Vodafone would be one of them. So let’s take a look to see what we have in terms of the design and features of the Vodafone Smart turbo 7.. The box it comes in is the same as the Smart Platinum 7 handset we reviewed a couple of weeks ago, which is of a simple design that does not give too much away – well apart from the specifications of the handsets at the rear. Before we get into it, we thought you would want to know that the Smart turbo 7 runs Android 6 out of the box, has a 5-inch screen, with a low resolution, 5-megapixel rear-facing camera and 2MP up the front, a quad-core processor, 4G support and comes with 8GB of storage, although will support a microSD card.. Inside the box are some getting started guides, a charger, along with the cable to charge it with and also some earphones. The design of the Smart turbo 7 does look rather generic with other handsets of this type, and so was nothing exciting at all. However, for a phone of this price you will be shocked at just how sturdy it feels. We have held some very cheap Chinese knockoffs that cost around the same, but nowhere near the same quality.. The Candybar device dimensions are 140.6 x 72.4 x 9.5 mm, and as for the weight, it’s 168g with the battery. It has all the usual suspects in terms of buttons, which includes the on/off, volume up and down, and the three touchscreen ones at the bottom of the screen.. Starting up the device was as long as ever, as you are asked a multitude of questions before you can even get going. Although this is nothing new because most over phones ask the same things, such as linking your Google accounts etc.. Once through this process you are then free to see how this handset performs, and we’ll say try not to expect too much. You will notice that the phone runs at a decent enough speed considering the hardware, although there is some small lag when transitioning between some screen.. We did take some pictures with this phone, but the results were not that great to tell you the truth, and so did not feel the need to add them to the review. However, we do not want to put you put this handset down too much because of how much it costs, and its intended market. We will tell you that when you preview the photos you have taken, they are ok, although a little bit muted, and so you never get a true sense of what you were actually taking photos of. Having said that, when you take images in good lighting, then the shots are actually ok considering such a low megapixel count from the main camera.. Taking the photos allows you to get to know the Vodafone Smart turbo 7 more in terms of the quality of its design, as you will be holding it more tightly, and also at many different angles. The actual build quality is not that bad seeing as though it’s mostly made from plastic. The back cover can be removed to gain access to the SIM card and the microSD card as well.. As a budget-end smartphone, we have used better, even some of Vodafone’s other budget models perform better. However for the most part this is an ideal phone for a younger user, or those with not a lot of money to spend. It’s also a great secondary phone for those that do not want to take their high-end model out with them to certain places.. The phone quality was absolutely fine, with no issues whatsoever, and so was the general day-to-day usage of the phone. You get all the usual things you would except from an Android handset, you just have to remember those lower-end specs, all of which we have listed above, as they do slow you down a bit when playing certain games. Battery life was not bad considering it’s only 2,000 mAh and so good for a day or even a day and half at a stretch.. Overall, this is a good budge smartphone offering, but personally, we feel you would be better off getting the latest Moto G handset. The price of this handset to buy outright from Vodafone is £50.. Follow us on Facebook , Twitter or Google Plus .. Also See: Vodafone Galaxy S7 Nougat release date teased. I have this phone and it is sooooo great with my wifi. so try your best with that phone.. “Price a factor against Moto G”. You can say that again given that the Moto G is at least twice as expensive and in most cases costs 3 times more than this Turbo 7. The question is: Is the Moto G at least twice as good?. Just thought i would add, same as me you have left the blue anti scratch sheet on the camera so this is why the pictures are of poor quality. Samsung Galaxy S9 pictures leaked before MWC 2018. Huawei P20 specs preview is good news for Apple fans. PS4 Firmware 5.50 update feature list preview. Metal Gear Survive Save Slot complaints from gamers. Pokemon Go Shiny Dratini hunt for Community Day. Overwatch New Hero Emre Sarioglu teased after clues. Call of Duty WW2 free weekend on Steam starts today. Samsung Galaxy S9 pictures leaked before MWC 2018. WWDC 2018 event dated early for iOS 12, new iPad Pro?. Xbox Deals with Gold for February 2018 offers crazy savings. Xbox One X 1440p support coming before PS4 Pro. Best selfie stick for New Year’s Eve selfies. Best board games to play on Christmas Day for kids and adults. Best Star Wars Rogue One toys under £20 in the UK. Best secret Santa gifts and ideas under £5. Best advent calendar for kids – LEGO Star Wars, Play-Doh & Playmobil. John Lewis Broadband Vs BT, Sky prices compared in packages review. Best 4K TV price options at Argos, Currys and Tesco in Dec 2016. Best space heater for a small or large room in 2016. Home Review Vodafone Smart turbo 7 review: Price a factor against Moto G. 
The maximum number of products that can be compared is 4. This item has been successfully added to your wish list.. We use cookies to make sure your customer experience runs smoothly.. By continuing your shopping journey we will assume you accept the use of cookies. For more information please check our cookie policy. A to Z Index (access key 3). Terms & Conditions (access key 8). Access key details (access key 0). Suggested site content and search history menu. Search by Keyword or Item No. Search by Keyword or Item No. Key features: • 5" TFT touchscreen • Android 6 (Marshmallow) operating system • Quad core processor • 5 megapixels rear facing camera with LED flash • 2 megapixel front facing camera • 8GB internal memory expandable with use of microSD cards • Bluetooth • WiFi • GPS. Model Id: Smart Turbo 7 LTE. Operating System Version: 6.0 X Marshmallow. Photo Resolution Height in Pixel: 1980. Photo Resolution Width in Pixel: 2560. Number of SIM Card Slots: 1. Why worry about repairing your product in the event of a mechanical breakdown?. With a Product Replacement Plan with Lloyd's Syndicate 4444 which is managed by Canopius Managing Agents Limited, in the event of unforeseen mechanical or electrical defects after the manufacturer's 12 month guarantee has expired, we will replace your item with a brand new one.. The cover is available for either one or two years starting after the manufacturer's 12 month guarantee has expired and will end if we replace your item following a claim.. There are certain limitations on cover - see 'more information' link below.. See more information about our Product Replacement plans. Why worry about repairing your product in the event of a mechanical breakdown?. With a Product Replacement Plan with Lloyd's Syndicate 4444 which is managed by Canopius Managing Agents Limited, in the event of unforeseen mechanical or electrical defects after the manufacturer's 12 month guarantee has expired, we will replace your item with a brand new one.. The cover is available for either one or two years starting after the manufacturer's 12 month guarantee has expired and will end if we replace your item following a claim.. There are certain limitations on cover - see 'more information' link below.. See more information about our Product Replacement plans. Calls cost 13p per minute plus your phone company's access charge.. Personalise your 1st Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 - You can personalise 0 zone on this item.... Would you like to add free personalisation to this item?. 
Do you want to sign in to My Vodafone?. If you don’t know your device’s software version, you can check it by selecting Settings > General > About.. Search in Vodafone Smart turbo 7. Turn your phone on and off. Activate Google account on your phone. Guide to phone keys and sockets. I can't turn on my phone. 140.61 x 72.41 x 9.5 mm. Copyright © 2017 Vodafone New Zealand Ltd. 
Support hub Get the help you need. New to Vodafone Support for you. Device guides Handy guides for your phone, tablet or modem. Turn mobile data on or off. Set up your phone for internet. Your feedback means a lot to us. Please let us know how we could make our Device Guide site even better. Enter your comments here then click the 'Send' button.. Email this article to your friend. Key in the letters and numbers displayed in the box. Terms & conditions © 2017 Vodafone Limited. © 2017 Vodafone Ireland Limited, Mountainview, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. 
Vodafone - Înapoi la pagina principală. Ascunde conţinutul pentru Servicii şi tarife. Lucrăm la îmbunătăţirea serviciului de chat, pentru ca experienţa ta să fie întotdeauna cea mai bună. Între timp, ne poţi contacta prin chat din aplicaţia MyVodafone sau prin e-mail .. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Argintiu 4G. Acest telefon nu mai este in oferta Vodafone. Descoperă produsele similare aflate in stoc.. Ai ales să primesti informaţii când reintră în stoc produsul. Solicitarea a fost trimisă cu succes. îndată ce produsul va reintra in stoc.. Ajutor rapid pentru orice operatie online Ajutor cumparaturi online. Cum cumpar Detalii livrare Cum platesc Detalii comanda. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Warehouse Deals Outlet Subscribe & Save Vouchers Amazon Family Amazon Prime Amazon Pantry Prime Video Prime Student Mobile Apps Amazon Pickup Locations Amazon Assistant. 1-16 of 39 results for "vodafone smart turbo 7". See all results for vodafone smart turbo 7 .. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Silver. See newer model of this item. The Vodafone Smart turbo 7 gives you powerful, high-speed internet .... Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. See newer model of this item. The Vodafone Smart turbo 7 gives you powerful, high-speed internet .... Vodafone Smart Mini 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. Genuine Vodafone Black 700 mAh 3 Pin Micro USB Mains Charger Suitable for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 , Vodafone Smart First 6 , Vodafone Smart First 7 , Vodafone Smart Mini 7 & Vodafone Smart Speed 6. Vodafone Smart First 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. See newer model of this item. Gadget Giant® Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Leather Wallet Flip Case Cover Book Style with Retractable Stylus Pen - Black. Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7(PACK OF 1) Tempered glass screen protector Easy Bubble-Free Installation HD Ultra Clear Gorilla glass Hardness 9H Scratch Proof and Heavy Duty shatterproof with Anti Fingerprint Oleo-phobic Coating by SS TECH® (Released 2016, August) (PACK OF 1). Vodafone Original Smart E8 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Slate Blue. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - White. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Case [with free stylus], Luxury PU Leather Wallet card holder Kickstand Magnetic Flip Leather Case Cover For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 VDF500 (BLACK BOOK). Promotion Available See Details. BRAND NEW VODAFONE SMART TURBO 7 UNLOCKED SIM FREE (DARK GREY). Only 15 left in stock - order soon.. The Vodafone Smart turbo 7 gives you powerful, high .... BRAND NEW VODAFONE SMART TURBO 7 UNLOCKED SIM FREE (SILVER) 8GB STORAGE 4G QUAD CORE LTE SMARTPHONE 5" BIG TOUCH SCREEN ANDROID PHONE. Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. The Vodafone Smart turbo 7 gives you powerful, high .... Genuine Vodafone 1 Amp Micro USB In Car Charger Suitable for Vodafone Smart First 7, Smart Mini 7, Smart Turbo 7 , Smart Ultra 7 & Smart Prime 7. Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Only For This Phone). by For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7. For Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 For Tempered Glass Screen Protector (((NON .... Genuine Vodafone Pack of 5 - 1 Amp Micro USB In Car Charger Suitable for Vodafone Smart First 7, Smart Mini 7, Smart Turbo 7 , Smart Ultra 7 & Smart Prime 7. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. Pay As You Go Mobile Phones & Smartphones. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Vodafone Turbo 7: sencillo, barato y con pantalla que crece hasta las 5 pulgadas. Recibe un email al día con nuestros artículos:. Compartir Vodafone Turbo 7: sencillo, barato y con pantalla que crece hasta las 5 pulgadas. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7, especificaciones técnicas. Así queda la familia completa de smartphones Vodafone. 154 x 76 x 6.7mm155 gramos. 152 x 78 x 8.7mm150 gramos. 144 x 72 x 8mm128 gramos. 141 x 72 x 9.5mm168 gramos. 121 x 64 x 9.9mm110 gramos. Fabricado por AlcatelSensor de huellaMetalAltavoces 2.4w. Familia de smartphones Vodafone de 2015. 13 MP + LED + 1080p. 13 MP + LED + 1080p. 8 MP + LED + 1080p. 5 MP + LED + 1080p. 3 MP (sin flash) + 480p. Tras la renovación prácticamente completa del catálogo de smartphones de marca Vodafone hace tan solo tres meses , la operadora da ahora un último retoque de cara a las próximas navidades con la incorporación del nuevo Vodafone Turbo 7 que llega para reforzar la gama más sencilla y barata.. El Vodafone Turbo 7 viene a sustituir al Vodafone Smart Speed 6, convirtiéndose en el teléfono con pantalla de 5 pulgadas más barato entre otras cosas porque reduce la resolución de pantalla y porque la cámara es bastante sencilla. Además cuenta con la memoria justa para los que harán uso de WhatsApp, Facebook y poco más. Todo, por menos de 100 euros, algo muy poco habitual si tenemos en cuenta que hablamos de cinco pulgadas .. El Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 ha sido fabricado por Alcatel y cuenta con un corazón Mediatek MT6735M con procesador de cuatro núcleos a 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53, 1 GB de RAM y 8 GB de memoria interna (de los que quedan libres 4 GB) ampliable hasta 32 GB mediante microSD por lo que será la actualización a Android 6.0 el aspecto que más aporta para mejorar el rendimiento y fluidez del sistema en el uso diario.. En cuanto al diseño, está fabricado en policarbonato pero se nota que cada vez se cuidan más los detalles y la construcción de manera que, a pesar de ser en teléfono barato, la sensación en mano no es la de un móvil demasiado plástico. Sus dimensiones son 140.6 mm x 72.4 mm x 9.5 mm, y pesa 168 gramos con la batería incluida de 2.000 mAh .. La cámara principal se mantiene con una resolución de 5 megapíxeles y flash LED, capaz de grabar vídeo a 720p mientras que la cámara frontal para selfies se queda en 2 megapíxeles. Por supuesto, entre la conectividad contaremos con 4G de hasta 150 Mbps , Bluetooth v4.0, Wifi b/g/n, radio y conector USB 2.0.. El Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 estará disponible en color plata o en negro por un coste libre sin permanencia que aún no se ha desvelado pero que se encontrará por debajo de los 100 euros o con pago a plazos de 3 euros mensuales con cualquiera de las tarifas que habrá que mantener durante una permanencia de dos años en Vodafone. Los precios definitivos con las diferentes tarifas y sus correspondientes cuotas incluidas (tarifa + pago a plazos), quedan de la siguiente manera:. En Xataka Móvil | Todos los catálogos y comparativas de smartphones .. En Xataka Móvil | Todos los precios de móviles con operadoras. En Xataka Móvil | Todo lo que necesitas saber para elegir nuevo smartphone .. Compartir Vodafone Turbo 7: sencillo, barato y con pantalla que crece hasta las 5 pulgadas. Apple Samsung Análisis Aplicaciones Conectividad Nokia Juegos Android Comparativa de tarifas Huawei Precios de móviles WhatsApp. Recibe un email al día con los artículos de Xataka Móvil:. Xataka Móvil Respuestas Xataka. Xataka Applesfera Xataka Android Xataka Ciencia Vidaextra. Móviles, tablets, aplicaciones, videojuegos, fotografía, domótica... Xataka Xataka Móvil Xataka Foto Xataka Android Xataka Smart Home Xataka Windows Xataka Ciencia Applesfera Vida Extra Genbeta Genbeta Dev Magnet Compradiccion Xataka eSports. Moda, belleza, estilo, salud, fitness, familia, gastronomía, decoración, famosos... Trendencias Trendencias Belleza Trendencias Hombre Directo al Paladar Bebés y Más Vitónica Decoesfera. Coches, competición, motos, vehículos eléctricos, híbridos... Televisión, series, cine, estrenos, viajes, literatura... Finanzas, mundo de la empresa, autónomos, fiscalidad, administración, recursos humanos... El Blog Salmón Pymes y Autónomos. Xataka México Motorpasión México Directo Al Paladar México. Publicaciones para otras marcas y partners... Circula Seguro Circula Seguro PT Nobbot Happing Magazine Sage Experience Optimismo Digital En Naranja Bloggin Zenith Tecnología de tú a tú Mi Mundo Philips Blog Lenovo Muy Saludable de Sanitas Zona Coca-Cola Bluemagazine Seguros de tú a tú Corriente Eléctrica eSports Unlocked by Orange Cervezas Alhambra Mahou Rentabilibar Inget by acer. ZTE Blade V9 Vita: la gama baja de ZTE se arma con pantalla 18:9, doble cámara y Android 8.1 para hacerse hueco. Así queda el catálogo completo de smartphones Sony tras las novedades presentadas en el MWC 2018. Xiaomi en su primer MWC: un stand comedido que no pasa de un "bazar" de dispositivos. KaiOS: el SO del Nokia 8110, con funciones de smartphone pero sin WhatsApp. Nuevo Helio P60 de MediaTek, cuando la inteligencia artificial llegó a la gama media. 98% pantalla y cámara frontal retractable: Vivo Apex conceptualiza el futuro de los teléfonos móviles. Sony Xperia XZ2 y XZ2 Compact, primeras impresiones: buenos cambios, tiempos difíciles. Adiós Omnibalance, hola curvas: todo lo que cambia de los Xperia XZ a los Xperia XZ2. Así queda el catálogo completo de smartphones Nokia tras las novedades presentadas en el MWC 2018. Intelligent Scan, así funciona la nueva identificación biométrica de los Galaxy S9. De los Galaxy S8 al Galaxy S9, esto es todo lo que ha cambiado. Samsung Galaxy S9 y S9+, primeras impresiones: ‘plus’ ya no sólo significa más grande, también significa mejor. Nokia 7 vs Nokia 7 Plus: el sueño de Android One se hace realidad. Nokia lo vuelve a hacer: el nuevo 8110 se reinventa para no quedarse en un simple feature phone. Movistar Home era la sorpresa tras Aura: un altavoz asistente con pantalla para controlarlo todo. Xiaomi presentará el Mi Mix 2S el 27 de Marzo. NOKIA 8110 4G BANANA, de nuevo RETRONOSTALGIA ahora con 4G. SONY XPERIA XZ2: LO HEMOS PROBADO. Un CAMBIO de DISEÑO muy esperado. Samsung Galaxy S9 y S9+: LOS HEMOS PROBADO. Apple Samsung Análisis Aplicaciones Conectividad Nokia Juegos Android Comparativa de tarifas Huawei Precios de móviles WhatsApp. Xataka Xataka Móvil Xataka Foto Xataka Android Xataka Smart Home Xataka Windows Xataka Ciencia Applesfera Vida Extra Genbeta Genbeta Dev Magnet Compradiccion Xataka eSports. Trendencias Trendencias Belleza Trendencias Hombre Directo al Paladar Bebés y Más Vitónica Decoesfera. El Blog Salmón Pymes y Autónomos. Nobbot Tecnología de tú a tú Blog Lenovo eSports Unlocked by Orange Inget by acer. Mi Mundo Philips Muy Saludable de Sanitas Coca-Cola Journey España Coca-Cola Journey México Coca-Cola Journey Portugal Zona Coca-Cola Cervezas Alhambra Mahou Rentabilibar. Circula Seguro Circula Seguro PT Corriente Eléctrica. En Naranja Sage Experience Bloggin Zenith Seguros de tú a tú. 
UNLOCK YOUR PHONE UNLOCK YOUR PHONE, FEEL THE FREEDOM.. How To Unlock Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 (VFD-500 & VFD-501) by Unlock Code.. UnlockLocks | July 12, 2016 | ALCATEL , VODAFONE | No Comments. Why unlock my Vodafone Smart Turbo 7?. The unlocking service we offer allows you to use any network providers SIM card in your Vodafone Smart Turbo 7. this involves unlock codes which are a series of numbers which can be entered into your mobile phone via the phone keypad to remove the network restriction and allow the use of other domestic and foreign networks.. How Do I unlock my Vodafone Smart Turbo 7?. Get the unique unlock code of your phone from here. Now, you should see a box to enter the unlock code. Unlocking a Vodafone smart Turbo 7 process is quite simple. All carriers are supported for unlocking (Vodafone AU, Vodafone NZ, Vodafone ES, Vodafone UK, Vodafone IN, Vodafone PT, Vodafone NL, Vodafone DE, Vodafone NZ, Vodafone HU etc…). Unlocking is permanent, the unlock code only have to be entered once. All Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 (Vodafone VFD-500 and VFD-501) variants are supported for unlocking. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 is also known as Alcatel Vodafone VFD-500 or VFD-501.. Congratulations, enjoy your Unlocked Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 on all networks, worldwide.. How To Unlock Alcatel OneTouch GO PLAY by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Alcatel One Touch 20.10 (OT-2010, OT-2010X, OT-2010D, OT-2010G and OT-2010A) by unlock code.. How To Unlock ALCATEL A7 XL (7071, 7071A, 7071D, 7071DX and 7071X). How To Unlock Vodafone Smart Tab 4G by Unlock Code.. No Comments | Jan 29, 2016. No Comments | Jul 19, 2014. No Comments | Sep 29, 2017. No Comments | Apr 7, 2015. The world's #1 phone unlocking solutions provider since 2006, with thousands of phones unlocked each day. we could tell you about our years of experience, we were the first online phone unlocking site. you may think that "first" doesn't always mean "best," but we're sure once you've unlocked your phone with us, you'll change your mind. our company is headed up by telecommunications techs from the united states. they're smart guys, but they're especially smart about unlocking mobile devices.. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J3 & J3 (2016) b.... How To Unlock MetroPCS or T-Mobile LG Aristo (LG M.... How To Unlock AT&T ZTE Maven 3 (Z835) by Unlo.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J5 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Oppo A57 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock AT&T HUAWEI Ascend XT2 (H1711) b.... How To Unlock Xfinity Mobile SAMSUNG Galaxy S8 and.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J2 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG G2 by Unlock code From UnlockLock.... How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy S3 mini I8190 by Unlo.... How To Unlock Sony Xperia Tablet Z by Unlock Code.... How To Unlock HTC One SC2, One, One Mini, One Max .... How To Unlock HTC One by Unlock Code ?. How To Unlock Sony Xperia Tablet Z by Unlock Code .... How To Unlock LG G2 by Unlock code ?. How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy Note 3 ?. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 by Unlock.... How To Unlock AT&T Huawei Tribute Y536A1 by U.... How To Unlock Cricket Wireless Kyocera Hydro VIEW .... How To Unlock HUAWEI P8 Lite (2017) by Unlock Code.... How To Unlock ALCATEL A3 (5046) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy Ace 4 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG Optimus L4 ll by Unlock Code ?. How To Unlock AT&T ZTE Compel (Z830) by Unloc.... How To Unlock Essential Phone by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG K10 (2018) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG K8 (2018) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI MediaPad M5 10 (Pro) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI Enjoy 8 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI Honor 7C by Unlock Code.. Copyright © 2018 UnlockLocks.COM .. 
Support hub Get the help you need. New to Vodafone Support for you. Device guides Handy guides for your phone, tablet or modem. 140.61 x 72.41 x 9.5 mm. Your feedback means a lot to us. Please let us know how we could make our Device Guide site even better. Enter your comments here then click the 'Send' button.. Email this article to your friend. Key in the letters and numbers displayed in the box. Terms & conditions © 2017 Vodafone Limited. © 2017 Vodafone Ireland Limited, Mountainview, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. 
Your are currently using Vodafone.com without Javascript. Without javascript enabled we cannot guarantee your current experience but would you like to visit our mobile version for a better experance?. Choose your country for customer service, offers and more. We have a significant presence in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific through our subsidiary undertakings, joint ventures, associated undertakings and investments. Visit our 'Where we are' map to see the countries where we have coverage.. The Vodafone Smart turbo 7 dual makes 4G available to anyone. It is the perfect combination of speed and user- friendliness.. With Dual SIM support , users can choose the best voice and data combination to suit their needs.. A great 5” display enhances the multimedia and browsing experience. The device runs Android Marshmallow and is fueled by a high battery capacity to provide reliability and convenience to customers.. A considerable amount of free user memory together with an external micro SD card slot provide users with capacious and extendable storage space for pictures, music and games.”. 5MP FF with Flash, 2MP FF Front Camera. 1GB RAM / 8GB ROM (end user ~4GB) + MicroSD Card Slot up to 32GB. Dual SIM, WiFi 802.11 b/g/n; Bluetooth 4.0, GPS with A-GPS. Charger, USB Data Cable, Headset, Quick Start Guide, Safety and Warranty Information. We use cookies to improve your experience, show you content you may like. Continue if you're ok with this, or read our privacy policy .. We use cookies to improve your experience on this site. 
Technology Home & Garden Baby & Nursery Toys Sports & Leisure Health & Beauty Clothing Jewellery & Watches Gifts. Buy it today, use it from tomorrow. Technology Mobile phones and accessories Pay as you go phones Technology Mobile phones and accessories Pay as you go phones Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Mobile Phone - Grey.. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Mobile Phone - Grey 556/7689. Rating 4.6364 out of 5. You can order this product from your local store. More time to pay on this item with an Argos card.. Representative 29.9% APR variable. If your basket qualifies for a Buy Now, Pay Later plan, there’s nothing to pay for the length of the plan. Avoid any interest if you pay off the plan in full before it ends and keep your account up to date. With a density of 196 pixels per inch. Expandable memory up to 32GB when using microSD card slot. 1GHz quad core Quad-Core Processor processor. Handset must be purchased with £10 airtime. This will automatically be added to your transaction. The Smart turbo 7 provides the full 4G. With best in class Camera features and quality - including dediated 'selfie' features and expandable memory supported by long lasting battery to keep you through the day, the Smart turbo 7 is all packaged in a very stylish design. Plus, with a £10 top-up included in the price, you're good to go.. Be perfectly connectted, enjoy blazing fast internet streaming experience through latest 4g technology networks.. Newest and freshest android m 6.0 sweetness.. Selfie machine with sufficienty large memory for all your pictures, games and music.. Rating 4.6364 out of 5. 100 % would recommend to a friend. 14 July 2017 Cheap but Smart Smartphone.. Rating 3 out of 5. The Vodafone turbo 7 has a poor amount of internal memory but you can add an SD Card. The battery does not last very long and I tend to have to charge it halfway through the day. Having said that it is a cheap Smart Phone that does everything it needs to and it looks good.. Helpful? Yes ( 2 ) No ( 0 ). 7 June 2017 Unbelievable value for money! Everything you need!. Rating 5 out of 5. Couldn't believe the price for this handset when I came across it in the catalogue. It has everything you could possible need to organise your daily life and keep in contact with everyone from voice, text, chat, email.. Absolutely fantastic size screen and feels good to hold in the hand when you use it. Would deffintelly recomended it to anyone.. Helpful? Yes ( 8 ) No ( 1 ). 30 May 2017 Does exactly wot it says.. Rating 4 out of 5. Very happy with the phone, very easy to use.. Helpful? Yes ( 4 ) No ( 1 ). Questions & answers 23 questions | 25 answers. have this phone got facebook already installed. You would need to install facebook.. Thank you for using Argos Q&A.. Helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). can i fit my own sim card in it. Yes, as long as your existing card is a Vodafone micro SIM card.. Helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). can u get snapchat, facebook messenger on this phone?. he Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 will have playstore, form here you can download all apps.. Thanks for using Q and A. Helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). *Prices correct as displayed but are subject to change.. Vodafone Smart E8 Mobile Phone - Slate Blue EE Alcatel PIXI 4 4G Mobile Phone 5 inch - Black EE Alcatel U5 Mobile Phone - Black Vodafone Nokia 3310 Mobile Phone - Red. Vodafone Smart E8 Mobile Phone - Slate Blue. Rating 4.6279 out of 5. EE Alcatel PIXI 4 4G Mobile Phone 5 inch - Black. Rating 4.3061 out of 5. EE Alcatel U5 Mobile Phone - Black. Rating 4.6 out of 5. Vodafone Nokia 3310 Mobile Phone - Red. Free & easy returns Buy online using Help Ask us a question. Return to any Argos store within 30 days for an exchange or a full refund. We accept the following payment methods online. Be first to know the latest deals. Privacy policy | Cookies policy | Terms & conditions. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 (Root/Recovery/ROMS) by Jamalama. Android General Android Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only] Android Software Development Miscellaneous Android Development. Xposed Framework Modules Android Themes Android Apps and Games Android Developer Previews. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. View Poll Results: Do You Prefer?. You may not vote on this poll. By Jamalama , Member on 19th September 2017, 09:43 AM. [Phone Vodafone Smart Turbo 7][ROM][V1.0 - 19/09/17 (DD/MM/YY)]. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 / VFD 501 / VFD 500, ROM for all devices (see above for details). ROM OS Version: 6.0.x Marshmallow. ROM Firmware Required: Android 6.0 Marshmello. Based On: Stock Alcatel ROM. * Your warranty is now void.. * I am not responsible for bricked devices, dead SD cards,. * thermonuclear war, or you getting fired because the alarm app failed. * do some research if you have any concerns about features included in this ROM. * before flashing it! YOU are choosing to make these modifications, and if. * you point the finger at me for messing up your device, I will laugh at you.. If you want to put root and TWRP on your device then you have to commit to this as there is no going back from Alcatel to Vodafone firmware after this unless someone uses the scatter file for this device to perform a readback (SP Flash Tool, search: Hovatek how to make a full backup of your stock ROM using sp flash tool, however, the dev blocks should be gathered straight from the scatter file, not mtk droid tools. Will update this if this happens it is successfully conducted by someone ) This little corner of XDA will show you how to:. Install one custom ROM (Cyanogen MOD 13). NOTE: I will NOT teach you how to install drivers if you need to do that go to https://forum.hovatek.com/thread-440.html (If you are running Windows 7 and up you need to disable 'Driver Signature Verification', this link will show you how to do it: https://forum.hovatek.com/thread-752.html. If you cant figure out how to that by yourself (everything is a google search away) then you shouldn't even attempt any of this. All files will be on AndroidFileHost. If you want to download all the files for all the tutorials, then you can download the complete package which has everything required for the tutorials (except for drivers of course). All instrucrions are in this set of Youtube videos that I MADE. Full Package: Not here Yet (link inactive) -----> Project Link. Flash VFD to Alcatel: Temporaraly in Downloads tab. TWRP & ROOT: Temporaraly in Downloads tab (Download SuperSU from: here ). Flash CM (video coming soon){Download GAPPS from here (Selections are ARM, 7.1, aroma)}. SP Flash Tool: Here (You don't need this if you have the 'Full Package' or the 'Flash VFD to Alcatel Package'). [new] -- insert new - [link to commit if applicable]. [changed] -- insert changed - [link to commit if applicable]. [fixed] -- insert fixed - [link to commit if applicable]. [new] -- insert new - [link to commit if applicable]. [changed] -- insert changed - [link to commit if applicable]. - [link to commit if applicable]. * RootJunky (Inspiration to work with Android). * @CVAngelo (For making me want to prove him wrong, lol). The Following User Says Thank You to Jamalama For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Vote for the Next Honor AI Camera Recognition Scene >. How the Kirin 970 Uses AI to Take Better Photos >. Honor 9 Lite and Huawei P Smart Kernel Sources have been released >. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2016. Success, All files will now be uploaded to Androidfilehost :). The Following User Says Thank You to Jamalama For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2016. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2016. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2013. My Devices: Samsung Galaxy Ace 4. Since Google keeps crashing me out of apps and breaking my brightness control to send me ads and try to get me to install experimental zombies this past month, I'm keen to try this on my VFD501 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 but..... Does the initial step have to be Alcatel? I only ask because my SIM is 2 Degrees and I don't know if it'll work with it as it's a bit sketchy while it's still thinking it's a Vodafone. Is the second step the ONLY rom it'll work with? How far can the hardware be pushed or more efficient?. Lastly, would I still be able to get updates for the usual app suspects? I'm getting further into Minecraft now there's online server games https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-9dkBUqILQ?autoplay=0&origin=https://forum.xda-developers.com". frameborder="0"> and I'm not finding any options for updates other than through the Play Store. I also watch quite a bit of YouTube on it (another Google aquisition). Would these be denied me by the EvilCorp™ once I free my phone from it's clutches and get rid of Google Movies, Google Mail, Google other bloatware aside from Books where I have several and would like to keep reading them?. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2017. HIe, when can we get the custom rom.looks great.☺️. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Android General by ThreadRank. [ROM] MIUI 9 beta ROM 7.8.14 for all Xiaomi devices [Download links). [ROM] MIUI 9 beta ROM 7.8.14 for all Xiaomi devices [Download links). [APP]NavExplorer 📁 Easy Android WiFi & Bluetooth File Transfer App. Android Wear Software and Hacking General. [App] [Pixel 2 launcher] [Original-unmodified] [flashable] [user app] [Nougat] [Oreo]. [APP][PATCHED] Google Phone v17.0.184919600 BUBBLE EDITION[NO ROOT]. AdBlocker Quick Settings Tile [AppFactory apk and Tasker XML]. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 (Root/Recovery/ROMS) by Jamalama. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Unlock Code. When you make an order of a Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 unlock code, we will send you the code by email along with a set of instructions on how to use it. In most cases you only need to insert the SIM card you want to use and the cell phone will prompt for the unlock code („Enter unlock code” or „SIM Network Unlock PIN”).. If your phone does not ask for the code and there is no input field to enter the unlock code, please request our customer support before starting the ordering process. Feel free to contact us, we will gladly respond you within less than 12 hours.. Pick the country your Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 is locked to. Attention! Pick the Current Network your device is locked to, NOT the network you want to use. Easy instructions on how to Unlock Vodafone Smart Turbo 7. Why should I order an Unlock code for my Vodafone Smart Turbo 7?. Easily migrate to another service provider. Get more money if you sell your phone. Safest method to unlock your phone. Here at UnlockRadar.com it's so easy to unlock Vodafone devices, you don't even need technical skills to do it. As easy as dialing a phone number. Below there's a step-by-step guide, meant to walk you through the process:. Select the country and the service provider your phone is locked to, then check the price.. Send us the IMEI of your phone and proceed to checkout. To find the IMEI number, type *#06# on your device keyboard.. Enter your name, a valid email address and complete the order. A confirmation email will be sent to you after we receive the payment.. We will send the unlock code on your email. Usually it's a 8 or 16 digit number, but in some cases it may be a complete set of codes. You only need the first one, the NCK.. Insert the SIM card of another network operator and enter the code you received from us. With an unlocked phone you have the huge advantage of easily changing your network provider and being able to choose a better plan to suit your needs.. You can save hundreds of dollars when traveling abroad if you have an unlocked phone. Just buy a local SIM card and start making calls at local rates, avoiding roaming charges.. Unlocked phones tend to have higher resale prices than locked phones, and you can easily sell your unlocked device internationally.. IMEI unlock is the safest way to unlock your device, because it uses genuine unlock codes from the manufacturer. No software, no opening your phone's case, no warranty void.. Before you order an Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 unlock code, make sure you follow our requirements checklist:. Be certain that your phone is locked. Try to insert a SIM from a different network and wait for the phone to ask for the unlock. If it doesn't prompt for the code, and you can make a regular call, than your phone is NOT SIM locked.. Be certain that your phone is NOT stolen or blacklisted.. Be certain that your phone is NOT hard locked. If you tried too many times to unlock it before, your handset may be locked forever.. Make sure to give us the correct IMEI and to select the original country and network, NOT the one you want to use.. We will NOT be able to refund your money if our service fails to unlock your device for any of the reasons mentioned before.. After losing several days trying to follow various tutorials on Youtube about how to unlock my phone, I decided then to buy the code. Very good price and quick service. Thanks! The code worked for the Samsung Galaxy S5. It did take a bit longer then they said it would but they clearly noticed me about that so that seems fine to me. Good service! Customer support A+ Good timing, affordable and great service, I'll keep coming back... I got my code very quickly. It was so easy to unlock my phone. A well recommended company I would recommend it to all my friends. 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. 
The next video is starting stop. Vodafone Smart 7 Turbo Unboxing + Setup. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Unboxing and setting up new Vodafone Smart 7 Turbo. Remember to drop a comment below always great to hear from you. _________________________________________________________ Our Social Bubble Youtube www.youtube.com/c/techtalkuk1 Twitter https://twitter.com/TechTalkUK1 Website www.techtalks.uk Instagram https://www.instagram.com/techtalkuk/ ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- If you would like to get in touch this is our email address and if you have a product that you wish for me to review on our channel please also use the email below. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. How to insert sim card into Vodafone Smart 7 Turbo. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 - Rozbalení kompletního balení. Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 Charger and SIM card Setup. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 uboxing and hands-on. 10 SIMPLE LIFE HACKS WITH SMARTPHONE. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 & Smart First 7 Unboxing & Review. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 - Review: the price is right!. Vodafone Smart Mini 7 Unboxing and Setup. Vodafone Smart Platinum 7: review en español. Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 Unboxing & Review #Vodafone. Vodafone Smart N8 Unboxing & Hands-on Review. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... 15 Amazing Phone Functions You Had No Idea Existed. Vodafone Smart turbo 7 dual | هاتف ببلاش من فودافون. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Hard Reset VODAFONE Smart Turbo 7 VFD-500. In the first step hold down the Power key for a few seconds in order to turn off the cell phone. Next, press and hold the Volume Up + Power button simultaneously for about 10 seconds. Release held keys when you see the. VODAFONE logo in front of you. In order to enter the Recovery Mode hold down the. Then choose " wipe data/factory reset " use the Volume Down to navigate and the Power button to confirm. Next, select " Yes--delete all user data ". Use Volume Down button to scroll and Power key to select. Finally, restart the cell phone by selecting " reboot system now ". Excellent! Your phone should begin the factory reset operation. ALCATEL Shine Lite HARD RESET / FORMAT / RESET ANDROID. Hard Reset ALCATEL Shine Lite - Bypass Screen Lock / Delete Data. If this was useful, please share to help others and follow us on. WARNING ! Hard Reset will erase all of your data All described operations you are doing at your own risk.. How to reset SAMSUNG Galaxy S9+?. Read about resetting SAMSUNG Galaxy S9+. How to reset SAMSUNG Galaxy S9?. Read about resetting SAMSUNG Galaxy S9. How to reset MOTOROLA Moto X4?. Read about resetting MOTOROLA Moto X4. 
$ 89.00 - $ 109.00. Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Dark Grey (Unlocked) Mobile Phone. Free Next Day Delivery on all fragrances NZ Wide. Vodafone VFD501 Smart Turbo 7 Grey Unlocked. Although the Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 hasn’t necessarily focused that much on their camera functionality, it’s a super-fast Smartphone that functions well in every other area. As far as Smartphones go, this one is a bit bulkier than others, weighing in at approximately 168g. The developers of the Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 have really focused on functionality, so let’s look at what you can expect.. You’ll receive an onboard Android operating system version 6.0 (Marshmallow). The CPU on these phones are powered by quad-core 1.0 GHz Cortex-A53, which delivers on speed, user-friendliness and smooth transitioning from one function to the next. The RAM on the Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 is a whopping 8GB—much higher than that of most other Smartphones.. The phone comes standard with 8GB of storage space. You can add another 8GB with a MicroSD card, but that size is the limit. As alluded to earlier, the Vodafone Smart Turbo 7’s camera functions are rather fundamental by today’s standards. However, 5MP is more than enough to take decent quality photos (2MP for the selfie cam).. It’s clear that the Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 was designed to handle multiple apps rather than acts as a storage device or camera. If you use your Smartphone for work, or if you use lots of apps, this is the phone for you.. The screen is bad, not only because of it's low resolution, but it's very hard to type with. When I touch a letter, even with the most precise touch, it glitches and types not one other letter but all over the keyboard. I'd rather stick to the Smart Prime 6 if I haven't broken it in the first place.. SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Related Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Mobile Phones. Find, compare and buy online from NZ's best online shops.. PO Box 37761, Parnell, Auckland 1052, New Zealand. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 56 results for "Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Dual". Case for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Dual Case Cover 189-HOME. Case for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Dual Case Cover 189-KQ. Case for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Dual Case Cover 189-HS. Case for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Dual Case Cover 189-SHU. Case for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Dual Case Cover 189-LH. Case for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Dual Case Cover 189-GS. Case for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Dual Case Cover 189-BS. Case for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Dual Case Cover 189-Lang. Case for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Dual Case Cover 189-SN. Case for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Dual Case Cover 189-PHL. Case for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Dual Case Cover 189-SJ. Case for Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Dual Case Cover 189-TT. ONX3 (Dual Port Bullet Car Charger) Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 In Car Dual Port 2.1 Amp Mini Bullet USB Charger Adapter. 002497 - London tea, red call box black cab horse guard double decker bus Design Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Fashion Trend CASE Gel Rubber Silicone All Edges Protection Case Cover. Rubberized Micro USB Car/ DC Charger for Vodafone Smart V8,Smart E8,N8,Smart Turbo 7, Platinum 7 , ultra 7, prime (Dual USB Port, USB Cable included) - White + MND Stylus. Foldable Multi Car and Home Charger Adapter for Vodafone Smart V8,Smart E8,N8,Smart Turbo 7, Platinum 7 , ultra 7, prime (2100 mAh, w/ Dual USB Port) - Black. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
