GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. 141.7 x 71.9 x 9 mm (5.58 x 2.83 x 0.35 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~67.6% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). microSD, up to 64 GB (dedicated slot). SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Vodafone Smart prime 6 - user opinions and reviews. google how to unlock your cell phone, i unlocked my one for free cos its over a year old, theres a code that you have to put into ya fone, was easy as once i found it on google,. My mobile networks are blocked what should I do. Hello.I have an vodafone smart prime 6 with touchscreen broken.I find only in Romania service to change the broken touchscreen at this site servicetelefoane.ro. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart N8 Vodafone Smart first 6 Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE500KL Vodafone Smart 4 turbo. Vodafone Smart ultra 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart V8 Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Vodafone Smart prime 7 Vodafone Smart E8. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Page 1 Vodafone Smart Prime 6. What is the Vodafone Smart Prime 6?. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 – Design. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 – Screen. Long gone are the days when a phone with a camera, apps, and a slick operating system had to cost a fortune. Vodafone wants to make bank on the growing interest in low-end handsets, and the Smart Prime 6 is its budget contender.. The most important point to note about the Smart Prime 6 is that it costs £79. That’s the same price as five flowery Ikea cushions. Frugality is the modus operandi here, folks.. For your pocket change, you’ll get an Android 5.0 smartphone boasting a 5-inch HD display, a quad-core processor, 1GB of RAM, and a battery life that impresses.. That all sounds great on paper, but how does this budget handset fare in the real world? Read on to find out…. Related: Best Android Smartphones 2015. The Vodafone Smart Prime 6 will likely raise a quizzical eyebrow from your iPhone-toting mates. But those iPhones cost about £600, and you paid a mere £79 for your new handset.. In spite of the expectations that come with a branded smartphone, the Smart Prime 6 doesn’t look bad. But a faux-metal finish on the back and a large 5-inch screen look premium enough. The design reminds us of the EE Harrier , albeit less refined.. The phone has a profile thickness of 9mm. That’s slimmer than the Moto G (2014) , the Moto E 4G , and the Karbonn Sparkle V. It’s 0.1mm thicker than the EE Harrier, but you can’t notice the difference. It weighs 155g, which is light – slightly heavier than the Samsung Galaxy S5 .. There are some neat aspects of the phone’s design, for instance the navigation buttons, which sit on the bezel and glow a quirky blue. A metallic ring encircles the rear camera. The speakers are discreet and unobtrusive, and you can hold the handset in landscape comfortably thanks to the thick bezel. There’s just one Vodafone logo – it’s mirrored, and looks half-decent, surprisingly.. There’s a Micro USB port on the bottom, and a headphone jack on the top. The SIM tray and microSD slot are both contained underneath the removable rear casing. It’s all very prosaic, but playing safe with low-end smartphones is a wise move by Vodafone.. Related: Best Android Apps 2015. The Vodafone Smart Prime 6 has a 5-inch display. That’s a typical size by today’s smartphone standards, and is fine for viewing videos, images, and text comfortably. It’s also not so large that the phone feels awkward to hold.. The screen resolution is 720 x 1280, which means you can play HD content natively. While Full HD 1920 x 1080 displays are more common, we can’t complain about a HD screen at this price. Colour reproduction is good, the brightness is fine for outdoors viewing, and content looks sharp.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. The screen is on-par with the Moto G (2014), although the pricier EE Harrier Mini has a more impressive display. However, as this is the cheapest of the three, we’d say the Smart Prime 6 display is great value.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. 4G and Lollipop on a budget. It's difficult to give the Smart Prime 6 a high score, because it's slow and the screen's uninspiring, but for those shopping at the bottom end of the market it's worth shortlisting.. Update: Vodafone has updated its cheap handset range with the new Smart Prime 7. It's good enough we've even included it in our best cheap phone round-up.. We're at a time in smartphone evolution when budget phones are actually not all that bad (see also: digital cameras and laptops) – and that means you can save yourself some money without ending up with a real clunker of a handset.. Apple and Samsung may hog the limelight, but not everyone cares what a Snapdragon is, or necessarily want to spend the money to get one. Do you want your phone to run first-person shooters smoothly or just cover the basics? There are more people in the latter camp than you might think.. Into that context comes the Vodafone Smart Prime 6, one of the new breed of 'own-brand' phones that the networks are releasing (such as the EE Harrier Mini ). Available in the UK, it costs £79 with a pay-as-you-go SIM included.. That's pretty much the cheapest way to get 4G today and you get yourself a 5-inch 720 x 1280 pixel display, 1.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm processor and Android 5.0 Lollipop thrown into the mix, too.. If you're really tight for cash, there's a £40 derivative called the Smart First 6: with a poor camera, slower processor, smaller screen and Android KitKat , you're definitely better off paying the extra £39.. The camera is a serviceable 8-megapixel shooter and there's a 2-megapixel model on the front. 1GB of RAM and 8GB of storage (expandable via memory card) round out the key specs. I'm not sure of the battery size, but we've asked Vodafone for clarification.. Vodafone isn't going to win any international design awards with the Smart Prime 6, but it's well constructed and feels comfortable to hold. The back panel is nicely finished grey plastic and a metallic trim around the screen adds a small touch of class.. You'd struggle to find anything particularly interesting or innovative about the design of the phone. It's nicely rounded and curved at the corners and the build quality suggests you're going to get a good number of years' service from it.. As I've said, the paltry 8GB internal storage can be expanded via microSD card up to an extra 64GB of room, so that's not so much of an issue. You're probably going to need a card if you're at all into your music or movies.. The screen is something of a disappointment – it's not really sharp or bright enough for my liking, but it's usable. You're probably going to want to have it ramped up at maximum brightness most of the time.. It's a world away from something such as the Nexus 6 display, but then you are forking out around one-fifth of the money.. Button and port positions are all standard, with a headphone socket on top and the microUSB connector underneath. The back is removable, but the battery isn't – flipping off the case lets you get at the memory card and SIM card slots.. Next Page Key features, performance and battery. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 5 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
<span class="i19ndropdownplus new-window" data-url="http://www.stuffmideast.com/">Stuff Middle East</span>. <span class="i19ndropdownplus new-window" data-url="http://www.stuff.co.za">STUFF South Africa</span>. £150 of phone for £79, anyone?. We are part of The Trust Project. Do you care what brand socks you wear? Would you consider a personalised number plate? Do you make… fashion decisions? The Vodafone Smart Prime 6 probably isn’t for you.. But if you want a lot of phone for almost no money, this is the place to be.. For £79 without a contract you get a Moto G -grade screen, great battery life and 4G. That’s up to £30 less than the Moto E, while earning you a bigger, sharper screen. And… that’s where we hit the one major snag. As you might have guessed, you need to sign with Vodafone to grab this bargain.. Not put off yet? Well Vodafone has another crack at it with the design. The back of the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 is a grey expanse of bland-o-rama while the front seems to have taken one too many cues from the Early Learning Centre catalogue, bunging childish-looking gigantic light-up soft keys below the screen.. Just don’t expect to show it off and have others going green and you should get on fine with the Vodafone Smart Prime 6, though. After all, Microsoft and Motorola cut out dedicated soft keys completely as they add to the cost, in more expensive phones than this too. And while the back is plain, at least it’s not flat-out ugly.. Had I not seen the Vodafone logo on the back, I could imagine another brand asking for well over £100 for this phone too. While it has a thin pull-off rear cover, it feels pretty sturdy. Not least because it weighs 155g.. Vodafone hasn’t just cobbled these phones together around the back of its high street branches. The Vodafone Smart Prime 6 is actually made by TCL, the company behind Alcatel OneTouch phones as well as about 3.5 zillion others in native China.. And before you turn your nose up: everything’s made in China these days. One of the hardware highlights is the screen. The Vodafone Smart Prime 6 has a 5in 1280 x 720 pixel display, very similar to what you’ll find on much more expensive phones like the Motorola Moto G and Sony Xperia M4 Aqua .. It’s slightly brighter than the Moto G too, and loses less brightness when you view it from an extreme angle. Why would you? Well, you wouldn’t, but it’s a sign that Vodafone hasn’t simply packed the Smart Prime 6 with a rubbish screen to keep the price down.. Colour saturation is fine as well, and while there seems to be a slight yellow/warm cast to the white balance, it’s kinda pleasant. That Vodafone has managed to fit this screen in a £79 phone seems like a minor miracle until you realise, oh right, it’s such a bargain because it’s designed to lure you into using Vodafone. And not in the Urban Dictionary sense.. While things like the Tesco Hudl 2 radically alter the Android UI so that Tesco’s red, white and blue lives in its marrow, here Vodafone has basically taken Android Lollipop and chucked a few Vodafone apps on it.. They take you to a few different Vodafone online services: nothing you’d want to use unless you’re a total novice. Although for smartphone newborns, the Tips app might come in handy.. These apps are annoyingly pinned right to the top of the apps menu to ensure maximum visibility/annoyance. But, unexpectedly, I’m actually able to delete them in my Vodafone Smart Prime 6. Assume you won’t be able to, though, in case that's a foible of the review sample.. Is there another way around the junk? While you can’t put all the Vodafone gubbins in a folder you then train your eyes to ignore, if you install the Google Now UI app you can get pretty much exactly the same look and feel without the pinned Vodafone apps. The one other custom bit the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 adds is that when you swipe from the left- most home screen, it boots-up Flipboard. This is a fancy news-compiling app, nicking articles from the web and arranging them into a smooth-scrolling feed. It is also so subtly applied it took me a couple of days to even realise it was there.. Vodafone really hasn’t messed with Android Lollipop much, and that's a good thing.. There’s also enough power on tap here to do more-or-less whatever you want. For £79 you might expect a phone that can’t really handle fancy 3D games. And as recent as last year you’d have been right. But the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 fixes that.. It has the Snapdragon 410 CPU - a quad-core 1.2GHz processor used in some phones costing £200 or more. It’s not high-end but it’s no slug either. Test favourites of mine Dead Trigger 2 and Asphalt 8 both work great on the phone, playing as well as they do on a phone double the price. If you’re feeling brave you can even try turning on the graphical effects you get with a top-end phone (some mobile games have PC-like graphics settings) and it won’t break down in tears. But generally the frame rate sacrifice isn’t worth it.. The 5in screen is great for a bit of gaming too: big enough to let you get hold of touchscreen controls without leaving you with a postage-stamp-size picture to actually play on. Even the storage does fine by me. The included 8GB isn’t a lot, but as there’s almost 4GB of free storage when you first start up the phone you have enough room to fit in some games and photos before it starts begging for a microSD card (there’s a slot under the rear cover).. While there’s no constant interface or keyboard lag that hangs over the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 like a cloud, it’s not immune to the odd geriatric moment. A pause that goes on way too long, given how fast the phone is at times, strikes every now and then. This seems to happen more when other things are going on in the background, such as an app download or, worse, installation.. It comes across as though some process is quietly crashing in the background. Fingers crossed it’ll get fixed, but either way it's certainly not a terminal issue.. As expected, the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 marginally outperforms the Moto G 4G 2nd gen in the Geekbench 3 benchmark too, with 1410 points. The best cheap smartphones 2015- reviewed. There are a few little bits that bring the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 back down to earth. The speaker is on the quiet side and brings pretty uninspiring sound quality. You get an 8-megapixel camera on the back, with a flash, and a 720p selfie cam.. After a day out shooting in London, I opened up the Vodafone Smart Prime 6’s snaps half-expecting a horror show. But for a phone of £79 it can actually take some surprisingly good shots.. There are a few particular elements that are a bit better than I anticipated. First, light sources don’t bleed all over your shots like coffee spilt on kitchen roll. Exposure and white balance are often a bit off, but generally not too far. And while dynamic range isn’t going to impress, the HDR mode actually does a great job, increasing detail in the darkest and lightest bits without killing contrast or making it look as though you're seeing the photo through the eyes of someone who has… taken something.. I tested the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 alongside the Sony Xperia M4 Aqua, and while the latter phone costs three times the price, it has more issues creating consistent-looking images. The Prime’s shots might never make your jaw drop, but its hit rate is actually surprisingly high. Even daylight photos are coated with a fine layer of grain. It’s not that ugly, but means photos never look entirely clean if you view them on, say, a 21in screen. The Vodafone Smart Prime 6 is also prone to a few different kinds of lens distortion. When that means you get cool-looking lens flare off the rotorblades of a helicopter, that's pretty cool. But it’s not so hot when, in tricky high-contrast lighting, the black areas of a photo start to look purple.. For £79, you can’t have everything. The Smart Prime 6 does have good battery life, able to last a good day and a half unless you really go to town with those 3D games we talked about earlier. It has a 2500Ah unit, a fair chunk bigger than you get in the similar Motorola Moto G .. How low can you go? The Smart Prime 6 sees Vodafone do the price limbo with the flexibility of a contortionist. £15 cheaper than the arch-rival EE Harrier Mini, even.. The roadblock is that th e Vodafone Smart Prime 6 c omes locked to Vodafone. Can you unlock it? Sure, for about £20, but that’s no chump change when it’s 25 per cent of the whole cost.. At the original £79 the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 is just over half the price of the Motorola Moto G 4G 2nd gen , while having everything that phone has plus a newer processor. And we thought the Moto was a bargain.. The performance might not be totally gremlin-free and there's a little Vodafone gumpf to deal with, but it’s worth it. The Smart Prime 6 is simply leagues above what you’d get from the likes of even Sony or Samsung at the price. The 10 Best Phones in the World Right Now. 5-inch 1280 x 720 IPS LCD display. 8MP rear, single-LED flash, 2MP front. 141.7 x 71.9 x 9 mm. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 review Amazing value steamrolls the Prime’s few performance issues - a value star. Where to buy Vodafone Smart Prime 6:. Stay on top of tech with Stuff in your inbox every week. Thank you for registering for our Newsletter. We will send you relevant emails and updates.. Where to buy Vodafone Smart Prime 6:. 
The Vodafone Smart Prime 6 is one of the best budget 4G smartphones. SHOULD I BUY VODAFONE SMART PRIME 6?. Vodafone has entered the world of budget 4G-enabled smartphones with the Vodafone Smart Prime 6, which costs just £79. With such a small price tag, we were expecting a rather painful testing period with lag and severe frustration – but we were wrong. We review Vodafone's budget 4G enabled smartphone, the Vodafone Smart Prime 6. 8 megapixel rear facing camera, LED flash. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 review: Hardware and performance. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 review: Connectivity. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 review: Cameras. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 review: Software. Vodafone has entered the world of budget 4G-enabled smartphones with the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 , which costs just £79. With such a small price tag, we were expecting a rather painful testing period with lag and severe frustration – but we were wrong. See also: Best phones of 2015 .. Also see: Best Black Friday Phone Deals. The Vodafone Smart Prime 6 may be a budget phone, but it has a premium design. Some may say it’s bulky compared to the iPhone 6, but it’s thinner than its main rival the Moto E 4G, measuring in at 9mm compared to 12mm. The edges are curved to fit snuggly in your hand, making sure that it doesn’t become uncomfortable to use after long periods of time or if it were being used one handed.. The Smart Prime 6 boasts a 5in full 720p HD IPS display, which provides great clarity and detail at any viewing angle. The size of the screen is just right too, as it’s big enough to enjoy playing games and watching videos without it being uncomfortable to use one handed. It could be brighter however, as we struggled to see what we were doing when in direct sunlight.. Vodafone’s budget smartphone comes packing a Quad-core 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor with 1GB of RAM and 8GB of internal memory (around 5GB after the Android OS is installed). It also comes with an Adreno 306 GPU, which won’t play the latest 3D games but will run casual games like Temple Run and Sonic Dash with ease. With regards to benchmarking, the results were very similar to the Moto E 4G, which isn’t surprising considering that they both use the same processor, GPU and RAM.. The Smart Prime 6 boasts a rear facing 8-megapixel camera, with general photography looking good with decent exposure and detail, especially in lighter environments. It doesn’t matter if it’s dark though, as it also has an LED flash and a night mode on the camera app to help brighten the darkest of photos. The only issue we have is with the compression method, which makes photos grainy and is most noticeable when you zoom in on a photo. It also has a 2-megapixel front facing camera, which is good for selfies and video calling, but not much else.. Video recording is also supported at 1080p @ 30fps on the rear facing camera and 720p on the front facing camera. The overall quality is similar to the photography, but with the lack of optical (or digital) image stabilisation, videos tend to shake a bit more than we’d prefer.. Apart from Vodafone branding throughout the OS, the Smart Prime 6 runs standard Android Lollipop 5.0.2 with a handful of Vodafone related apps. The Vodafone store is where you can access your data allowance, minutes and texts whereas the Updates app gives you access to Vodafone exclusive apps, such as SmartPass, an app (and accompanying sticker) that enables contactless payment.. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 review: Design and build. Vodafone’s Smart Prime 6 is aimed at a budget market, though this isn’t obvious with its design. Even though it’s made from plastic, it has a hint of premium design, not looking dissimilar to the Samsung Galaxy S4 (although more bulky). It’s also available in two colours – silver and grey. We thought this was a strange choice, as there’s little difference between the two colours and we think Vodafone would’ve done better offering a completely different colour option.. The Smart Prime 6 is bulkier than the likes of the iPhone 6 at 9mm thick and 155g, but is still thinner than its main rival, the Moto E 4G , which is 12.3mm thick and costs around £109. It’s also worth mentioning that just because it’s bulky, it doesn’t make it any less comfortable to hold – in fact, the curved edges of the Smart Prime 6 allows it to fit snugly in your hand.. It measures in at 141.7x71.9 and houses a 5inch display, giving the Smart Prime 6 a 67.7 percent screen-to-body ratio, which isn’t a bad for a smartphone that costs under £100. The display is one of the better features of the Smart Prime 6; it’s quite crisp and clear, boasts a full 720p HD resolution and IPS technology, which allows for better viewing angles at almost any angle. It also beats the Moto E 4G’s 4.5inch screen in size and resolution, with a qHD 540x960 pixel display.. We feel that the size of the screen is just right too – the Smart Prime 6 provides adequate screen real estate to watch videos and play games without becoming uncomfortable to use one handed.. For those among you that look for a phone with a removable back cover, you’re in luck with the Smart Prime 6. It snaps off to reveal the battery along with a SIM card tray and a MicroSD card slot, which supports up to 64GB of extra storage, offering double the capacity of the Moto E 4G’s MicroSD card slot. However if you’re thinking about swapping out the battery, you’re out of luck – even though the back cover is removable, the battery itself is sealed off and removing the cover will void the warranty.. See also: Best cheap smartphones of 2015. The Vodafone Smart Prime 6 boasts a Quad-core 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor, which is the same processor used in the Moto E 4G. It uses the Adreno 306 GPU, a graphics processor that won’t play processor heavy mobile 3D games smoothly, but is more than enough for casual games – it ran games like Temple Run and Sonic Dash without any issues or lag. In fact, there wasn’t much in terms of lag anywhere at all when we tested the phone.. The Smart Prime 6 also boasts 1GB of RAM and 8GB internal memory, around 5GB of which is usable after the OS has been installed. As we mentioned earlier, there’s a MicroSD card slot available for those of you that want more storage. While these may be figures to turn your nose up to with flagship phones, the fact that this phone costs under £100 makes them quite impressive.. When we ran our benchmarks, we were pleasantly surprised with the performance results we got from such a budget phone. The GeekBench 3 results showed that the Smart Prime 6 achieved a score of 1401 in its multi-core component, narrowly being beaten by the Moto E 4G’s score of 1463. It’s single core component scored quite highly too, achieving a score of 464, matching the score of the Moto E 4G. In layman’s terms, both the Smart Prime 6 and Moto E 4G will perform equally as well, managing casual gameplay and general usage with ease.. In SunSpider, a JavaScript benchmark, the Smart Prime 6 achieved a laggy score of 1301ms, with similar results in terms of graphics performance. We ran GFXBench and the Smart Prime 6 only managed 9.4fps in T-Rex and 3.8fps in Manhattan, beaten by the Moto E 4G’s 13fps in T-Rex and 6fps in Manhattan, making the Moto E 4G the better option for gaming.. The AnTuTu score was 21842, and marked the Smart Prime 6’s general performance as “high performance”, surpassing 60% of other devices, as well as average battery performance and a poor game experience. Though the game performance was marked as poor, it still surpasses 40% of other devices, an impressive feat for a sub-£100 smartphone.. See also: What’s the fastest smartphone of 2015?. One of the biggest selling points of the Smart Prime 6 is its 4G connectivity, allowing people to access faster internet without having to fork out hundreds for a new phone. Along with 4G connectivity, the Smart Prime 6 also features Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, NFC, GPS and FM Radio functionality. It can also be used as a mobile hotspot, giving you access to 4G speeds on a Wi-Fi only tablet.. See also: 4G vs LTE. The Smart Prime 6 comes packing a rear facing 8-megapixel camera with a maximum resolution of 3264x2448 pixels. It boasts standard features including auto focus and an LED flash, and general photography looks good with decent exposure and detail, especially with good lighting. The only issue is compression – when you zoom in and look closely, the detail disappears. While this is expected on such a cheap phone and is also present in the Moto E 4G, it’s still slightly disappointing.. The stock camera app also offers different shooting modes – panorama, sport, HDR, night and for those of you that are interested in photography, you’re able to set the camera to manual. In manual mode, you can custom set the ISO, exposure, flash, white balance and focus mode, giving you better control over your photography and allowing you to achieve something a bit better than what’s produced in Auto mode.. The rear facing camera can also support video recording at full 1080p HD, and while it looks good, the lack of optical (or digital) image stabilisation means that videos are a bit shakier than most people would prefer.. The Smart Prime 6 also boasts a 2-megapixel front facing camera, perfect for selfies or video calling on Skype. In regards to detail, it’s not the greatest front facing camera we’ve ever seen but compared to the VGA front facing camera of the Moto E 4G, 2 megapixels is fantastic. And did we mention it records at 720p HD? Because it does.. How does this compare to the Moto E 4G? The Smart Prime 6 seems to beat it in almost every aspect when it comes to the camera. The Moto E 4G has a rear facing 5 megapixel camera and a front facing VGA camera, compared to the 8 megapixel and 2 megapixel offerings from Vodafone’s budget smartphone. The Moto E 4G doesn’t come with an LED flash either, which means night-time photography is out of the question.. The video recording capabilities are also better on the Smart Prime 6, as the Moto E 4G only offers 720p HD, although it does offer a slow-mo video mode – a feature not available on Vodafone’s offering.. Here are some unedited shots to give you an idea of the quality:. Apart from the Vodafone branding that’s apparent throughout the OS, the Smart Prime 6 seems to be running a standard version of Android Lollipop 5.0.2. There are only two Vodafone specific apps installed on the smartphone – Vodafone Store and Updates. Think of the Vodafone Store as the phone’s hub, where you can easily access your data allowance, minutes, texts, etc. as well as use the Vodafone Message+ app .. The Updates app is where you go to, to keep your Vodafone specific software up to date. You can subscribe to notifications when a new app becomes available, or when you need to update an existing app. Apps currently available include Vodafone’s SmartPass, the networks pay-as-you-go mobile payment service that allows you to pay using your phone (via a sticker that Vodafone will send you) at any contactless payment terminal.. 8 megapixel rear facing camera, LED flash. video recording at 1080p @ 30fps. Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor (Quad-core 1.2GHz Cortex-A53). 8GB storage (plus MicroSD support up to 64GB). 8 megapixel rear facing camera, LED flash. video recording at 1080p @ 30fps. Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor (Quad-core 1.2GHz Cortex-A53). 8GB storage (plus MicroSD support up to 64GB). The Vodafone Smart Prime 6 is a great budget smartphone that we think is worth more than the £79 that Vodafone asks for it. Its processor may not be able to compete with grey-market phones like the Doogee F1 Turbo Mini, but it handles day-to-day use just fine with no noticeable lag. While the Moto E 4G performed slightly better during our benchmarks, the Smart Prime 6 has a bigger screen, better camera and is £30 cheaper, making it our choice out of the two handsets.. Price comparison from over 24,000 stores worldwide View more prices. I saw this on Tech Advisor and thought you should see it too.. The art of 'British' pulp fiction. What to expect at WWDC 2018: Dates, tickets & product announcements. TV & streaming : comment regarder le Tournoi des Six Nations 2018 ?. UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes. 
How the hell is Nokia the UK's third most popular phone brand?. You can create empathy in VR by making a person move around. Monday briefing: Anonymous US officials accuse Russia of Olympic cyberattack. All the latest MWC 2018 news from Samsung, Nokia, Sony and more. Nokia's retro 8110 is getting a revival as HMD goes high-end. Gene-modification is the next frontier in the fight against cancer. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs S9+: new flagships are all about the cameras. 8 coathangers, 5 Mbps internet, no pests: what makes an Airbnb Plus. Sam Amrani tracks you in Pret. Google’s nemesis: meet the British couple who took on a giant, won... The inside story of the great KFC chicken shortage of 2018. Sony Xperia XZ2 hands-on: a lacklustre flagship with few thrills. Huawei's MateBook X Pro is a great laptop stuck in Apple's shadow. Samsung S9 vs iPhone X vs Pixel 2: which one should you buy?. Google is hardwiring Assistant directly into other Androids. The great KFC chicken crisis of 2018: Podcast 357. Bentley wants its next new car to be fully autonomous. Brian Eno's AR experience lets you play synth in mid-air. The Alexa-powered Mercury jacket can heat itself and listens to your voice commands. In New York City, even the Empire State Building has a green roof. These are best sci-fi movies you should be watching. The British couple that cost Google £2.1 billion: UpVote 23. Five stories you may have missed this week. This startup wants you to sell your genetic data on the blockchain. How the hell is Nokia the UK's third most popular phone brand?. You can create empathy in VR by making a person move around. Monday briefing: Anonymous US officials accuse Russia of Olympic cyberattack. All the latest MWC 2018 news from Samsung, Nokia, Sony and more. Nokia's retro 8110 is getting a revival as HMD goes high-end. Gene-modification is the next frontier in the fight against cancer. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs S9+: new flagships are all about the cameras. 8 coathangers, 5 Mbps internet, no pests: what makes an Airbnb Plus. Sam Amrani tracks you in Pret. Google’s nemesis: meet the British couple who took on a giant, won... The inside story of the great KFC chicken shortage of 2018. Sony Xperia XZ2 hands-on: a lacklustre flagship with few thrills. Huawei's MateBook X Pro is a great laptop stuck in Apple's shadow. Samsung S9 vs iPhone X vs Pixel 2: which one should you buy?. Google is hardwiring Assistant directly into other Androids. The great KFC chicken crisis of 2018: Podcast 357. Bentley wants its next new car to be fully autonomous. Brian Eno's AR experience lets you play synth in mid-air. The Alexa-powered Mercury jacket can heat itself and listens to your voice commands. In New York City, even the Empire State Building has a green roof. These are best sci-fi movies you should be watching. The British couple that cost Google £2.1 billion: UpVote 23. Five stories you may have missed this week. This startup wants you to sell your genetic data on the blockchain. To find out more, read our privacy policy .. How the hell is Nokia the UK's third most popular phone brand?. You can create empathy in VR by making a person move around. Monday briefing: Anonymous US officials accuse Russia of Olympic cyberattack. All the latest MWC 2018 news from Samsung, Nokia, Sony and more. Nokia's retro 8110 is getting a revival as HMD goes high-end. Gene-modification is the next frontier in the fight against cancer. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs S9+: new flagships are all about the cameras. 8 coathangers, 5 Mbps internet, no pests: what makes an Airbnb Plus. Sam Amrani tracks you in Pret. Google’s nemesis: meet the British couple who took on a giant, won... The inside story of the great KFC chicken shortage of 2018. Sony Xperia XZ2 hands-on: a lacklustre flagship with few thrills. Huawei's MateBook X Pro is a great laptop stuck in Apple's shadow. Samsung S9 vs iPhone X vs Pixel 2: which one should you buy?. Google is hardwiring Assistant directly into other Androids. The great KFC chicken crisis of 2018: Podcast 357. Bentley wants its next new car to be fully autonomous. Brian Eno's AR experience lets you play synth in mid-air. The Alexa-powered Mercury jacket can heat itself and listens to your voice commands. In New York City, even the Empire State Building has a green roof. These are best sci-fi movies you should be watching. The British couple that cost Google £2.1 billion: UpVote 23. Five stories you may have missed this week. This startup wants you to sell your genetic data on the blockchain. How the hell is Nokia the UK's third most popular phone brand?. You can create empathy in VR by making a person move around. Monday briefing: Anonymous US officials accuse Russia of Olympic cyberattack. All the latest MWC 2018 news from Samsung, Nokia, Sony and more. Nokia's retro 8110 is getting a revival as HMD goes high-end. Gene-modification is the next frontier in the fight against cancer. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs S9+: new flagships are all about the cameras. 8 coathangers, 5 Mbps internet, no pests: what makes an Airbnb Plus. Sam Amrani tracks you in Pret. Google’s nemesis: meet the British couple who took on a giant, won... The inside story of the great KFC chicken shortage of 2018. Sony Xperia XZ2 hands-on: a lacklustre flagship with few thrills. Huawei's MateBook X Pro is a great laptop stuck in Apple's shadow. Samsung S9 vs iPhone X vs Pixel 2: which one should you buy?. Google is hardwiring Assistant directly into other Androids. The great KFC chicken crisis of 2018: Podcast 357. Bentley wants its next new car to be fully autonomous. Brian Eno's AR experience lets you play synth in mid-air. The Alexa-powered Mercury jacket can heat itself and listens to your voice commands. In New York City, even the Empire State Building has a green roof. These are best sci-fi movies you should be watching. The British couple that cost Google £2.1 billion: UpVote 23. Five stories you may have missed this week. This startup wants you to sell your genetic data on the blockchain. Solidly built, expandable memory, decent camera, 4G, low price, decent battery life. Can LG's V30 claim Samsung's Android smartphone crown?. The companion piece to Vodafone's Tab Prime 6 , the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 is an ultra-cheap budget smartphone with 4G and Lollipop, and if there's not a lot else to recommend it, that's still pretty good going for the price.. The Smart Prime 6 is a basic looking but not unattractive handset with a rear panel made of thin, slightly textured plastic and gently curving edges that help it feel comfortable in the hand, despite its relatively large size. The screen is a healthy 5 inches, but the phone is bigger still, with a thick bezel at the top and bottom, making it feel rather larger than other devices with similar sized screens -- and at a sliver under 9mm thick it's not particularly slimline.. The screen's standard HD resolution manages a pixel count of 1,280x720, which boils down to 294ppi. That's not bad at all for this price, and if it doesn't have the levels of eye-popping sharpness we've come to expect from the better handsets, it's still perfectly fine for viewing web pages, communicating and playing more basic games.. It's great to see that Smart Prime 6 is running Android 5.0 Lollipop, which means you'll get all the benefits of this version of Google's operating system. Vodafone's added its own apps of course, which are unnecessary for the most part and take up space on the phone that you would probably prefer to fill with your own app choices. 'Discover' tries to sell you special offers, 'My Web' gives you a Vodafone homepage and 'Update's gives you access to more Vodafone apps. Mostly, though, Vodafone's allowed Google to do its thing without getting in the way -- and that's to be applauded, since Lollipop is the slickest version of Android yet, and it doesn't really need any additional, manufacturer-added "enhancements".. The quad-core processor is clocked at 1.2GHz and backed by 1GB RAM. That's not bad for a budget device but it struggles to run everything smoothly and often feels a bit sluggish in general use -- which can get irritating very quickly. Our AnTuTu benchmark test gave it a score of 21,051, which puts it very much at the lower end of the current crop of quad-core devices.. Can LG's V30 claim Samsung's Android smartphone crown?. Gallery: Vodafone Smart Prime 6 review. Gallery: Vodafone Smart Prime 6 review. The 8-megapixel camera on the back comes with a basic LED flash and autofocus, plus a few extras like Panorama and HDR. Picture quality can be variable, but as long as you're careful with your light (the auto light meter can be slow to react) you can get some decent snaps out of it.. The 2-megapixel selfie snapper on the front is only just above bog standard, and pays absolutely no regard to the recent trend for better front-facing shooters. Still, it is capable of capturing a discernible self portrait and at least won't add hideous picture quality to your list of embarrassing selfie crimes.. There's a measly 8GB of memory on board, but you can add up to 64GB via microSD card (you'll probably need it). Battery life seemed pretty good though, and we easily got a good day and a half of use out of it before recharging.. The Vodafone Smart Prime 6 seems like a better-value bargain than its tablet cousin, the Tab Prime 6. The screen is sharper, the camera's better and it feels like it can withstand a few knocks. Sure, it's a bit on the slow side and the Vodafone-specific apps are mostly pointless, but it has the latest Android and 4G for a very reasonable price.. 8 megapixel rear camera; 2 megapixel front camera. Micro USB, microSD card slot, 3.5mm headphone jack. Win a Bamboo Spark smart folio. Gallery: Win a Bamboo Spark smart folio. Echo Spot review: Amazon's smart speaker is perfect for the bedroom. Apple HomePod review: great sound, but not smart enough. Win a Bamboo Spark smart folio. Gallery: Win a Bamboo Spark smart folio. Echo Spot review: Amazon's smart speaker is perfect for the bedroom. Apple HomePod review: great sound, but not smart enough. 
Phones & plans All phones Bill pay phones Pay as you go phones Coming soon All plans Bill pay plans Pay as you go plans SIM only. Home Connected home Vodafone TV Broadband & landline Mobile broadband Other products Tablets Accessories Insurance Roaming. Special offers See all offers Sky Sports Spotify Premium Trade In Popular brands iPhone Samsung Sony Huawei Vodafone. Vodafone for you Why Vodafone Coverage map Our network Secure Net Download our apps Switch to Vodafone. Quick links Send a webtext Unlock my phone Register for My Vodafone Get the My Vodafone App Check costs I forgot my password. Bill pay View my bill Analyse my bill Pay my bill Choose how to receive my bill Check for an upgrade. Pay as you go Top up IOU credit Register for free credit. Sign in to My Vodafone My Vodafone at Home Vodafone Community. Need Help? Support hub Get the help you need New to Vodafone Support for you Device guides Handy guides for your phone, tablet or modem. Quick links Track your phone repair Roaming rates by country Lost or stolen phone? Activate my SIM. Unlock your phone Check call & data costs Understand data usage Track your order. Talk to us Customer care Find a store Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Community forum. Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.. Float this Topic for Current User. I would like to have the pictures I take be stored directly to the SD card instead of the internal memory, any directions please.. Message 1 of 24. Go to the camera and look in settings for where pics are stored. Change it from local to sd card. Cookie Vodafone Community Expert (or so I'm told) and S8 owner. Message 2 of 24. Hi there, Were you able to set this up via Cookie's directions?. Learn all about our new forum, right here. To send me a private message, simply click here Please include a link to your thread when sending these over - due to the volume of queries, PMs without a thread link will not be answered.. Message 3 of 24. Hi, when I go into camera the only settings are for picture quality, nothing to do with local or SD card.. Message 4 of 24. Can you take out the sd card, reboot the phone, take a picture, close the camera app, insert the sd card then open the camera. It should prompt you to decide where to save the pics then, just dont click through too quickly. Cookie Vodafone Community Expert (or so I'm told) and S8 owner. Message 5 of 24. When I went to a Vodafone shop, they told me that I cannot select the SD card to automatically save pics to. And if I want to I must copy and paste pictures on phone memory to the SD card via file manager app.. Message 6 of 24. I dont have the device but I did have the smart 4 turbo and it had no problem saving images to the sd card so I'd be shocked if the newer smart device could no longer do this. Anyone else have a smart prime 6?. Cookie Vodafone Community Expert (or so I'm told) and S8 owner. Message 7 of 24. Re: Vodafone smart prime 6 - sd card camera storage. I have the Vodafone smart prime 6, and have tried every concievable way of changing the camera storage to the sd card. There is no way of changing the camera storage to the sd card via the phone or connecting to a PC via usb. I have a 64 gb sd card that is usless and cannot be accessed for storing camera pictures or videos. I have ended up having to move the pictures from DCIM/camera on the internel storage to my pc to free up the internel memory.. Is there going to be an update to fix this issue soon.. Message 8 of 24. Re: Vodafone smart prime 6 - sd card camera storage. I've asked the test team to look into this for you. Learn all about our new forum, right here. To send me a private message, simply click here Please include a link to your thread when sending these over - due to the volume of queries, PMs without a thread link will not be answered.. Message 9 of 24. Re: Vodafone smart prime 6 - sd card camera storage. I am helping a friend with her Smart Prime 6 and have the same problem. She's bought a Micro SD card and thought she could just take photos and choose to save it directly into the new Micro SD card but now that I have read this thread, I am shocked to hear that her Micro SD card is not going to be much help.. Could Vodafone let us know why have an option to put a Micro SD card into this smart phone but the transfers of photos taken must take such a messy route? That is, using My File Manager to copy and paste from Phone memory to SD card memory.. I personally have an ancient non smart Nokia 6301 and can opt to have photos taken and saved directly to either the phone or the Micro SD card, so it appears that the Smart Prime 6 is actually a step back in time!. Message 10 of 24. I just bought a Vodafone prime 6 and I have the same problem. I can't save the pictures, videos, downloads or whatever directly into my SD card, now the phone is getting full while my SD card is totally empty. Buy this phone was just a waste of money. Why do the phone have a option to put the SD card if is useless? I'm very disappointed.. Message 11 of 24. Hi there, This is being looked into by the test team.. Learn all about our new forum, right here. To send me a private message, simply click here Please include a link to your thread when sending these over - due to the volume of queries, PMs without a thread link will not be answered.. Message 12 of 24. i had to move photos from my phone to sd card as it was saying memory was full, and likewise on vodafone smart phone cannot select to choose sd card automatically.. I had all my photos in folders on my phone, and after the transfer to sd card, I have folders and no photos!!!. please help and advise as to how to recover the photos, otherwise users beware in transferring photographs to your sd card or you will loose them. Message 13 of 24. I had all my photos on my phone as above I could not select to save to sd card, all my ohotos were in folders.. I gotmessage that needed memory so transferred photos over to sd card. folders transferred but no photos please advise how I can restore the photographs. it did strangely keep the videos that were transferred. Message 14 of 24. Any update yet from Vodafone on storing photos directly onto sd card? I am getting fed up with having a phone that keeps telling me I have no space, but my sd card is empty? Is it time to change phone and Network, because I am not seeing any benefit of staying as is?. Message 15 of 24. Apologies, we've no news on this at present. Learn all about our new forum, right here. To send me a private message, simply click here Please include a link to your thread when sending these over - due to the volume of queries, PMs without a thread link will not be answered.. Message 16 of 24. That is bad news, I fear there is no reason to stay with vodafone. I had only changed service to buy the phone, not realising the faults with it.. Message 17 of 24. My micro sd card has suddenly stopped working a few weeks ago and along with it went the apps that i redirected from the phone storage to the sd card (i have since reinstalled those apps), the phone seems to recognise when i remove the micro sd card but it i try to put another app from my phone to the card it is not giving me that option and the storage detail of the sd card is not showing up in the settings, I cannot update my apps due to low storage space on my phone now. is there anything i can do to rectify this problem. Message 18 of 24. Where did you get your sd card? Some cheap Chinese fakes have false storage space. So they may say 16gb when they are a lot smaller and they become corrupt easily. Even legit SD cards can become corrupted for many reasons. Sometimes they need to be formatted to make them work again. You could try to get the data off the card using a PC before formatting the card in your phone. Otherwise buy a new card as they are cheap.. Cookie Vodafone Community Expert (or so I'm told) and S8 owner. Message 19 of 24. I have this phone and I have save all the app, pic etc on my SD card. You go into settings -> storage and USB -> SD card and at the top right hand side click on the three dots and then click settings. It was ask to format and and use SD card as main storage. It will erase everything off the SD card to format it, but then everything will be stored on the. Message 20 of 24. About Vodafone Careers News & press releases Vodafone Ireland Foundation Terms & conditions Accessibility Privacy Policy Vodafone & IRFU About us. Support Help with devices Home phone & broadband Lost or stolen phone Internet security advice All help topics. Most popular phones iPhone Samsung Vodafone Sony Huawei. Talk to us Join our Community Find a store. Terms & conditions © 2018 Vodafone Limited. © 2018 Vodafone Ireland Limited, Mountainview, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. By using vodafone.ie, you're consenting to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy .. 
The next video is starting stop. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 - Unboxing. Unsubscribe from Cantinho da Tia Júlia?. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 - Unboxing. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 hands-on (Greek). Vodafone Smart Prime 7 - Unboxing. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 4G - Análise. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 vs Vodafone Smart Ultra 6. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 - Unboxing. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Mobile Review. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 review: A great budget 4G phone. Smart Ultra 6 unboxing and first impressions. Video Recensione Vodafone Smart Prime 6 da batista70phone. Review del Vodafone Smart Prime 6 - Español. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Unboxing & Review. Smart Ultra 6: honest review HD. Analizamos el terminal 4G Vodafone Smart Prime 6. Vodafone Smart Prime unboxing and hands-on. Vodafone Smart Prime 6, smartphone LTE a 149 euro - TVtech. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Internet με μηνιαία έκπτωση έως 15€. Φυσικό αέριο από τα καταστήματα Vodafone. Μάθε τις μοναδικές δυνατότητες του Vodafone eShop. Οι τιμές των κινητών στα προγράμματα συμβολαίου περιλαμβάνουν ΦΠΑ και προκύπτουν με νέα σύνδεση Vodafone 18μηνης διάρκειας.. Copyright © 2018 Vodafone Group | Vodafone.com. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 - Software and Performance. Page 1 Vodafone Smart Prime 6. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 – Software. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 – Performance. The Vodafone Smart Prime 6 uses the latest version of Google’s operating system, Android Lollipop. The handset we reviewed really benefits from running on the new Android 5.0 Lollipop ; the best part is the ‘material design’ aesthetic. This puts Android on level footing with Apple’s iOS in terms of user experience, and adds huge value to an otherwise budget handset.. Vodafone also chose to stay mostly true to stock Android, which will please Google purists. The Smart Prime 6 has a smattering of branded apps, but it’s otherwise raw Lollipop. The bundled apps are quite basic: you can use them to check your Vodafone account, download Vodafone apps, or make contactless payments with SmartPass.. Unfortunately, you can’t actually uninstall any of the Vodafone apps. You have the option to disable them, but they’ll still be contained within the phone’s memory. That’s not great on a smartphone that only ships with 8GB of built-in storage.. Related: Android M features: What’s new?. For £79, you’d half expect the Smart Prime 6 to pack the processing power of a Nintendo GameBoy. Fortunately, Vodafone squeezed every last penny of its budget into this phone. The handset runs on a quad-core Snapdragon 410 chip clocked at 1.21GHz, an Adreno 306 GPU for gaming,. There’s also 8GB of built-in storage, which you can expand by a further 64GB using a microSD card. You’ll want to do that as well, as there’s only around 4GB of storage free after the Android install.. We tested the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 using the Geekbench 3 benchmark. While it’s not a definitive metric for judging a smartphone’s power, it does give us a rough idea of how a smartphone fares against its rivals. Over five tests, the smartphone scored an average result of 1,445. That’s what we expect from a low-power processor.. How did that translate to real-world performance? We find that once apps are running, they tend to operate without too much complaint. Booting up heavy apps like Spotify, Facebook, or RunKeeper is a sluggish affair, however. Our set-up launch of Spotify was particularly stressful; the handset became inoperable for about three minutes.. Hence, the biggest problem with the Smart Prime 6 is how lethargic it is at times. It will be fine one minute, and then cripplingly slow the next. Using this smartphone everyday is a frustrating experience when you’re trying to get simple daily tasks done.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
Home › Vodafone › Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 - Battery. Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight User reviews 2 Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR. Dimensions : 71.9 x 141.65 x 8.95 mm Weight : 155 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1200 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 306, 400 MHz RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2500 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 5.0 Lollipop Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Battery capacity, other Vodafone models Capacity of the battery of Vodafone Smart prime 6 and details about other Vodafone models with the same or similar capacity. Battery life, 3G talk time, other Vodafone models Number of hours delivered by the battery of Vodafone Smart prime 6 in 3G talk time and information about other Vodafone models with the same or similar talk time. Battery life, 3G stand-by time, other Vodafone models Number of hours delivered by the battery of Vodafone Smart prime 6 in 3G stand-by time and details about other Vodafone models with the same or similar stand-by time. Battery capacity, models from other brands Capacity of the battery of Vodafone Smart prime 6 and information about models from other brands with the same or similar battery capacity. Battery life, 3G talk time, models from other brands Number of hours delivered by the battery of Vodafone Smart prime 6 in 3G talk time and details about models from other brands with the same or similar talk time. Battery life, 3G stand-by time, models from other brands Number of hours delivered by the battery of Vodafone Smart prime 6 in 3G stand-by time and information about models from other brands with the same or similar stand-by time.. 1500 mAh (Li-Ion) 1780 mAh (Li-Ion) 1800 mAh (Li-Ion) 1880 mAh (Li-Ion) 1880 mAh (Li-Ion) 2000 mAh (Li-Ion) 2200 mAh (Li-Ion) 2400 mAh (Li-Ion) 2500 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2540 mAh (Li-Ion) 2540 mAh (Li-Ion) 2960 mAh (Li-Polymer) 3000 mAh (Li-Ion) 3000 mAh (Li-Ion) 3000 mAh (Li-Polymer) 3000 mAh (Li-Polymer) 3000 mAh (Li-Polymer). 8 h (1500 mAh, Li-Ion) 9 h (2540 mAh, Li-Ion) 9 h (2540 mAh, Li-Ion) 9 h (4060 mAh, Li-Polymer) 10 h (2000 mAh, Li-Ion) 13 h (2400 mAh, Li-Ion) 13 h 42 min (3000 mAh, Li-Ion) 15 h (3000 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (2500 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (4600 mAh, Li-Ion). 200 h (2000 mAh, Li-Ion) 308 h (3000 mAh, Li-Ion) 330 h (3000 mAh, Li-Ion) 393 h (1400 mAh, Li-Ion) 400 h (1500 mAh, Li-Ion) 450 h (2400 mAh, Li-Ion) 480 h (2540 mAh, Li-Ion) 660 h (1880 mAh, Li-Ion) 915 h (2500 mAh, Li-Polymer) 915 h (2540 mAh, Li-Ion) 1300 h (4600 mAh, Li-Ion). 2500 mAh (Li-Ion) 2500 mAh (Li-Ion) 2500 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2500 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2500 mAh (Li-Ion) 2500 mAh (Li-Ion) 2500 mAh (Li-Ion) 2500 mAh (Li-Ion) 2500 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2500 mAh (Li-Ion) 2500 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2500 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2500 mAh (Li-Ion) 2500 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2500 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2500 mAh (Li-Polymer) 2500 mAh (Li-Polymer). 18 h (4100 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (3000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (3000 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (3000 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (6000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (3000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (2400 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (2300 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (2500 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (2300 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (3000 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (3000 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (3500 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (3500 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (2520 mAh, Li-Ion) 18 h (4000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 18 h (3000 mAh, Li-Ion). Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X High Version. 900 h (3300 mAh, Li-Ion) 900 h (4200 mAh, Li-Polymer) 900 h (3000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 900 h (7300 mAh, Li-Ion) 900 h (4120 mAh, Li-Polymer) 900 h (1500 mAh, Li-Ion) 900 h (3300 mAh, Li-Ion) 912 h (1200 mAh, Li-Ion) 915 h (2500 mAh, Li-Polymer) 915 h 24 min (7000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 920 h (2600 mAh, Li-Ion) 920 h (5000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 920 h (5000 mAh, Li-Polymer) 925 h (4100 mAh, Li-Ion) 925 h (4100 mAh, Li-Ion) 926 h (2630 mAh, Li-Ion) 936 h (1110 mAh, Li-Ion). Dimensions : 71.9 x 141.65 x 8.95 mm Weight : 155 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1200 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 306, 400 MHz RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2500 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 5.0 Lollipop Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
The next video is starting stop. Review del Vodafone Smart Prime 6 - Español. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Review del Vodafone Smart Prime 6 en Español Revisamos el último teléfono de Vodafone, el Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Pantalla 5″ HD IPS 2500mAh de batería Procesador quad-core Snapdragon 410 a 1,2GHz 1GB de RAM 8GB + microSD Cámara 8MP con autofocus y flash Cámara frontal de 2MP 141,6 x 71,9 x 8,95mm, 155g 4G y NFC Android 5.0 Lollipop Color gris Fabricado por Alcatel. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Vodafone Smart speed 6 - Primera configuración. Vodafone Smart Prime 7: análisis de un Android de gama baja. Analizamos el terminal 4G Vodafone Smart Prime 6. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 - Unboxing. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 review en español. Hard Reset Vodafone Smart Prime 6 VF-895N. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 4G Smartphone. Vodafone Smart ultra 6 - Review y prueba de uso. Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 | Unboxing | Review | SiER. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 vs Vodafone Smart Ultra 6. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 review: A great budget 4G phone. (Best Budget Android SmartPhone 2015?) Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Review. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Unboxing & Power On. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 hands-on (Greek). Vodafone Smart Prime unboxing and hands-on. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Your Lists Basket. Your Amazon.co.uk Today's Deals Gift Cards & Top Up Sell Help. Electronics Best Sellers Deals Phones & Accessories TVs & Home Cinema Camera & Photo Audio & HiFi Computers & Accessories Wearable Technology Accessories Car Electronics. Pay As You Go Mobile Phones & Smartphones. view or change your orders in Your Account. see our delivery rates and policies. thinking of returning an item ? (See our Returns Policy ). still have questions? Visit our Help Pages. 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid UK postcode.. Please enter a valid UK postcode.. Dispatching to a British Forces Post Office? Change your region to 'UK - BFPO’ below:. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Pay As You Go Handset Smartphone - Silver. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Dispatched from and sold by gsm m .. 5-inch 720p HD display for stunning clarity. There is a newer model of this item:. Vodafone Original Smart N8 Pay As You Go Smartphone - Gold. What you need to know – This product has an IMEI that uniquely identifies it. When we dispatch your order, we will scan the IMEI and add it to the order history. Where the item is not received, Amazon may register the IMEI with loss and theft databases to help prevent any fraudulent use or reselling of the item. This information is shared in accordance with the Amazon.co.uk Privacy Notice. There is no action required from you and the IMEI will only be used for this purpose.. These items are dispatched from and sold by different sellers. This item: Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Pay As You Go Handset Smartphone - Silver £69.99. Sent from and sold by gsm m.. 6x Savvies Screen Protector for Vodafone Smart Prime 6 - Protection-Film, HD Crystal-Clear, Bubble… £1.89. Sent from and sold by protectionfilms24-UK.. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. 6x Savvies Screen Protector for Vodafone Smart Prime 6 - Protection-Film, HD Crystal-Clear, Bubble-Free. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Pay As You Go Handset Smartphone - Anthracite. Emartbuy Premium PU Leather Desktop Stand Wallet Case Cover for Vodafone Smart Prime 6 - Pink. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - White. Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Pay As You Go Android Smartphone Handset - Anthracite. Instantly receive a £10 Amazon.co.uk Gift Card if you’re approved for the Amazon Platinum Mastercard with Instant Spend. Credit offered by NewDay Ltd, over 18s only, subject to status. 6.3 x 1.2 x 11.4 cm. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; radio; wifi; GPS; internet; Quad_core_processor; front_camera; flash. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; wifi; GPS; Quad_core_processor; radio; internet. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; radio; wifi; GPS; flash; face_detection; internet; OLED_display; dual_core_processor; front_camera. GPS; camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; quad_core_processor. camera; mp3_ringtones; stereo_jack_connector; touchscreen; usb; email; radio; wifi; GPS; internet; face_detection; Dual_core_processor. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Pay As You Go Handset Smartphone - Silver. Vodafone Nokia Lumia 635 Pay as you go Handset - Black. Vodafone Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini VE Pay as you go Handset - Blue. Vodafone Smart First 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - White. EE Pay As You Go EE Harrier Mini 8 GB Smartphone - Black (Includes GBP10 Pre Loaded Credit, Unlimited Texts, 150 Minutes, 500 MB Data). Vodafone Sony Xperia E1 Pay as you go Handset - White/Black. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Delivery Destinations: Visit the Delivery Destinations Help page to see where this item can be delivered. Find out more about our Delivery Rates and Returns Policy. Date first available at Amazon.co.uk: 7 May 2015. 52,926 in Electronics & Photo ( See Top 100 in Electronics & Photo ). Electronics & Photo > Phones > Mobile Phones & Communication > Mobile Phones & Smartphones > Pay As You Go Mobile Phones & Smartphones. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. Our best Smartphone to date, the Vodafone Smart prime 6 has a powerful processor, the latest Android 5.0 Lollipop and a stunning 5-inch HD display to rival market-leading Smartphones - all at a fraction of the price.. As well as being our highest-specification Smartphone yet, it's also our thinnest at just 9mm. With its metal keys, quality chrome finishes and a super-slim silhouette, the Smart prime 6 has a high-end, fresh design without the price tag.. With a 5-inch 720p HD display to rival Smartphones more than five times the price, you can enjoy your photos, videos and games in stunning detail and vivid colour. The in-built IPS screen technology means you can enjoy the same clarity from any angle.. Whether you're into gaming or just don't want to worry about how many apps you're running, the powerful 1.2GHz Snapdragon 410 processor means the Smart prime 6 will keep up. And with our ultrafast 4G network you can enjoy more of the things you love, faster than ever before.. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Handset - Silver Battery Charger USB Cable Handsfree Headset Quick Start Guide SIM Card. Excellent UK coverage for calls, texts and mobile broadband. Network built so that signals from our masts overlap each other. Meaning fewer dropped calls and better mobile broadband, making sure that you get the fastest service possible – even at the busiest times of the day.. Love great value? Then the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 is the handset for you. Our best Smartphone to date, the Vodafone Smart prime 6 has a powerful processor, the latest Android 5.0 Lollipop and a stunning 5-inch HD display to rival market-leading Smartphones - all at a fraction of the price.. 8MP camera with Auto-focus and LED Flash. Supports microSD cards up to 64 GB. With a 5-inch 720p HD display to rival Smartphones more than five times the price, you can enjoy your photos, videos and games in stunning detail and vivid colour.. The in-built IPS screen technology means you can enjoy the same clarity from any angle.. As well as being our highest-specification Smartphone yet, it's also our thinnest at just 9mm.. With its metal keys, quality chrome finishes and a super-slim silhouette, the Smart prime 6 has a high-end, fresh design without the price tag.. Whether you're into gaming or just don't want to worry about how many apps you're running, the powerful 1.2GHz Snapdragon 410 processor means the Smart prime 6 will keep up. And with our ultrafast 4G network you can enjoy more of the things you love, faster than ever before.. 13 megapixels, 4x digital zoom, LED flash. What do customers buy after viewing this item?. Smart First 7 Pay As You Go Smartphone (Locked to Vodafone Network) - Black. £ 15 00 Amazon Prime. Smart First 6 Pay As You Go Handset Smartphone - Black. 6x Savvies Screen Protector for Vodafone Smart Prime 6 - Protection-Film, HD Crystal-Clear, Bubble-Free. 5 star 66% 4 star 11% 3 star 4% 2 star 2% 1 star 17%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Excellent value for money.. Love the phone with a brilliant camera. As a Vodafone phone, it is tied to them for the first 30 days before you can switch to your old number. Keep your old phone going & there is no problem, they supply the phone with £10 worth of PAYG which can be converted into their package deal. Swith off data enabling when that expires or you end up paying the daily internet rate. At the end of 30 days, buy £20 voucher as you'll need £19.99 on phone to swop to your old number. Have yet to complete that process but there is then 1 to 2 weeks wait before it happens. Once done I would say it will be a very good phone for a very reasonable price.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Very good phone at a very good price.. Bought this as a replacement for my aging iPhone 4s, having read quite a few reviews which really rated this phone as an excellent buy at around the £150 price range (mid 2015). So for £70 (Mar 2016) it seemed to be something of a bargain. It's quite a big step up in size terms from the 4s, and after just over a week of use it still feels too big, though I'm getting used to it. Thin plastic is used for the rear cover, but that's only apparent when the cover is separated from the phone. In normal use everything feels solid and of higher quality than might be expected at the price. The onboard 8GB of memory is quickly filled (if, like me, you run a lot of apps), but this is easily solved by slotting in an SD card and relocating apps there. The screen seems better than the 4s though I think the audio quality from the built-in speaker is slightly poorer. The camera is quite acceptable, though it's low light performance may not be good enough for some users. I use a couple of GPS different apps, sync to my MS band via Bluetooth, connect to my cars hands-free system, and use an app to remotely control my various iTunes speaker systems. I also sync with Gmail, Hotmail and BTInternet mail - everything works perfectly, including calendars and contacts. I recharge the phone overnight and at the end of each day there's typically been at least 60% charge remaining. So for me there are no issues with battery life - 2 days or more might be possible with moderate use. It took a little while to get it unlocked, mainly because I tried a couple of low-cost internet unlockers first, who weren't able to do it. So I used ebay, spent about £10, and it took just over 24hrs to get the code. I run 4G on a Giffgaff SIM. It's definately possible to find weaknesses with this phone, but for the £70 purchase price this phone is excellent.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Overall great value. As I am pay-as-you-go , I have disabled the internet on my phone ( never use it ). The phone is smart , takes great photographs , and performs beautifully. Downside : Rubbish instructions , and DONT ever drop it , I trashed mine after 9 weeks ( my own fault for buying a pull-up type case ). Buy a good case ( mooncase wallet type , with built in protective case , and clasp ). Overall excellent value , now its down to £65:00 on Amazon .. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Good value for what it does. Need a smartphone in a hurry after breaking my existing one, and it needed to be compatible with the Sainsbury's network. This phone met the spec perfectly. Yes it's very slow loading up facebook due to the low RAM. But for the price it is perfect. My husband has ended up with screen size envy too.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Good quality, cheap price. Bought this for my daughter who seems to have a knack of breaking phones. The design of the product looks really good and sleek, the back cover looks to be metal but is actually a plastic...you'd be hard pressed to tell that this phone was under £100 from looking at it however. The phone has a good quality operating system, decent camera and good sound quality. I would certainly recommend this phone to anyone looking for something good quality but on a budget.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Brilliant smart phone. This is a serious piece of technology. I've never had an iphone but I do have an ipad and this does everything that does (except sync with my Mac) and I prefer the display that shows all the apps I have open so much more clearly. Highly recommended in spite of the 30 day wait to get it unlocked.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Iam slowly getting to grips with it and think it was definately a good buy.. arrived very quickly.I chose this phone because i have never had a smartphone and was not sure how i would cope with it as i am no longer a youngster and dont really understand all this technology.I was advised to go for this model because it is basically a smartphone for beginners.Iam slowly getting to grips with it and think it was definately a good buy.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars This phone is really good for the price easy too set up and understand .... This phone is really good for the price easy too set up and understand and stands up to all the most expensive makes out there! Why pay hundreds of pounds just to have a designer phone when this does the same! No brainer!. Was this review helpful to you?. I bought this to replace my old Samsung which was awful, then I broke the screen and it didn't work after that! Read more. 2.0 out of 5 stars Cheap but not Cheerful...... Love it to bits, excellent value, lovely clear screen and easy to understand and use.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Excellent value. This phone seems like great but its not really. Camera - its not the kind of camera you wish for in 2017. The only good side of this phone is screen and battery. 4.0 out of 5 stars You get what you pay for. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. Seemed good value phone, but returned it as locked to Vodaphone who seem to have poor customer service before you have a contract. 4.0 out of 5 stars Seemed good value phone. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. It's amazing how much kit you can get these days for little money. Something like this just 6+ years ago would have cost you upwards of £500 and I got this for under £50! Read more. 5.0 out of 5 stars Excellent value for money.. not as expected and doesn't work with normal Vodafone card. 1.0 out of 5 stars Locked. I want to change my network/phone number, but Vodafone said to contact you to unlock phone.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Phone unlock. Excellent value for money, only downside was spending £20 getting it unlocked!. 5.0 out of 5 stars Good smartphone. See and discover other items: samsung android phone , smartphone android , smart mobile phones , vodafone smart , pay as you go smartphones , vodafone pay as you go sim. Prime members enjoy fast & free shipping, unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video and many more exclusive benefits.. There's a problem loading this menu at the moment.. Careers About Us UK Modern Slavery Statement Sell on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Associates Programme Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon Pay Become an Amazon Vendor › See all Amazon Platinum Mastercard Amazon Classic Mastercard Amazon Money Store Gift Cards Amazon Currency Converter Payment Methods Help Shop with Points Top Up Your Account Track Packages or View Orders Delivery Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Mobile App Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United States. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. AbeBooks Books, art & collectables. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. DPReview Digital Photography. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Essentials. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Yoyo.com A Happy Place To Shop For Toys. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Warehouse Deals Deep Discounts Open-Box Products. Amazon Business Service for business customers. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Cookies & Internet Advertising © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Sales & Support 020 8901 1751. Bulk Ordering 020 8901 1744 9am - 5pm. Xperia Z3 + / Z3 Plus / Z4. 3 in 1 Multiple USB Braided Cable. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Crystal Clear Screen Protectors ( 3 Pack ). Our specifically designed LCD Screen protectors made up of 3 layers and is laser cut to perfectly fit your device, For anyone who desperately wants to protect the screen on their new , Super thin crys... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Leather Carbon Wallet Case Cover (Black). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Leather Flip Case Cover (Black). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Leather Flip Case Cover (Blue). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Leather Flip Case Cover (Green). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Leather Flip Case Cover (Hot pink). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Leather Flip Case Cover (Purple). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Leather Flip Case Cover (Red). These flip cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look n... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Leather Wallet Case Cover (Purple). These wallet cases are made from high quailty faux leather. Once fitted to your phone the leather flip case provides excellent protection from scratches, dents and scuffs, allowing your device to look... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 S-Line Wave Gel Case Cover (Black). This brilliantly designed gel case incorporates a new flexible gel design and robust protection in one great package. Designed for an active lifestyle you can continue to use your device without remov... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 S-Line Wave Gel Case Cover (Blue). This brilliantly designed gel case incorporates a new flexible gel design and robust protection in one great package. Designed for an active lifestyle you can continue to use your device without remov... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 S-Line Wave Gel Case Cover (Green). This brilliantly designed gel case incorporates a new flexible gel design and robust protection in one great package. Designed for an active lifestyle you can continue to use your device without remov... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 S-Line Wave Gel Case Cover (Hot pink). This brilliantly designed gel case incorporates a new flexible gel design and robust protection in one great package. Designed for an active lifestyle you can continue to use your device without remov... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 S-Line Wave Gel Case Cover (Purple). This brilliantly designed gel case incorporates a new flexible gel design and robust protection in one great package. Designed for an active lifestyle you can continue to use your device without remov... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 S-Line Wave Gel Case Cover (Red). This brilliantly designed gel case incorporates a new flexible gel design and robust protection in one great package. Designed for an active lifestyle you can continue to use your device without remov... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Shockproof Case Cover (Hot pink). This phone case is made of two parts for ultimate shock proof protection. A hard polycarbonate shell on the outside protects your phone against damage and scratches and a soft shock proof silicone lin... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Shockproof Case Cover (Purple). This phone case is made of two parts for ultimate shock proof protection. A hard polycarbonate shell on the outside protects your phone against damage and scratches and a soft shock proof silicone lin... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Shockproof Case Cover (White). This phone case is made of two parts for ultimate shock proof protection. A hard polycarbonate shell on the outside protects your phone against damage and scratches and a soft shock proof silicone lin... Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Tempered Glass Screen Protector. This tempered glass screen protector is a must-have for anyone prone to constantly dropping their phone. The screen protector fits perfectly to prevent scratches and absorb shocks. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Tempered Glass Screen Protector (3 Pack). This tempered glass screen protector is a must-have for anyone prone to constantly dropping their phone. The screen protector fits perfectly to prevent scratches and absorb shocks. Showing 1 to 20 of 20 (1 Pages). We use the best security features. ONX3 has been established since 2008, we are one of the UKs leading retailers for mobile phone accessories and solutions.. We put our success down to responding to what our customers want and offer an extensive range of the latest accessories for the latest phone models, teamed with an world class customer care team who will look after you through every stage of the transaction.. Thanks to ONX3's excellent relationship with our suppliers we can provide our customers with a large range of over 10,000 products and the most competitive prices around.. Stay up to date with news and promotions by signing up for our weekly newsletter. Sales & Support 020 8901 1751. Copyright © 2014, ONX3, All Rights Reserved. Website Developed by: Kodxpert Web Services. 
Vodafone Smart Prime 6 a root telefonu. Už se objevují první dotazy na. Osobně nevím, co tím uživatel u tohoto telefonu a tohoto vydání OS Android získá, ale budiž (Vodafone kromě několika aplikací - můj vodafone a vodafone protect - nedoinstaloval zbytečný balast a Android od verze 4.1 umožňuje deaktivovat aplikace, které nelze odinstalovat - typicky androidní app). Povolte v nastavení "Ladění přes USB" (v nastavení - informace o telefonu - 7x klikněte na ikonu "číslo sestavení" a poté se objeví možnost ladění přes USB) a Instalaci aplikací z neznámých zdrojů. Vyberete angličtinu (popřípadě jiný z nabízených jazyků) a poté. "Write Protect Switch" a vybrete "Set write protect off". Poté se vám zobrazí zpráva: " write protect is off after reboot ". nebo z adresy kingroot.net (nezapomeňte, že existuje google translator). Připojte se k WiFi a spusťte app KingRoot. Poté stiskněte modré tlačítko a počkejte dokud nebude ukazatel na 100%. Pokud vám mobil "zamrzne", stiskněte tlačítko napájení až do restartu a postup opakujte - asi jste něco vynechali. Nyní by měl být váš systém "rootnutý". To zkontrolujete pomocí nějaké app z google play, která potřebuje mít root práva (typicky app pro zapomenutá hesla z wifi atp). Sám jsem tento návod nezkoušel, ale má někdo nějaké zkušenosti s root telefonu Vodafone Smart Prime 6?. Odeslat e-mailem BlogThis! Sdílet ve službě Twitter Sdílet ve službě Facebook Sdílet na Pinterestu. Zatím mohu říct, že root funguje! Díky!. No tak to je super :-). Titanium Backup nemůže ověřit licenci, ale u vidíme. Titanium Backup po aktualizaci již funguje.. smart speed 6 ještě root není ze*? alespoň mi to kdy ngroot píše :-/. Přes KingRoot by to mělo jít.. kink root píše pro speed6 now strategy no :-((( jinak krom fotáku,který je trochu slabší,nežli kolega prime6 je uplně v pohodě! Za 2 talíře je mnohdy srovnatelný s některými za 6 talířů:-). Po rootnutí se mi ukázala černá obrazovka a nejde dát pryč. Prostě, že nejednou nejde jak má :-). Prosím,už je na světě strategie root na Speed6 lte vf-795 tcl communication??. Ahoj lidi, jak na tomto tel vypnu vibraci na klávesnici??? v nastavení jsme to vypnuli, ale stále vibruje..... Bohuzel jsem tuto moznost nikde nenasel. Tak upozornění pro rootnuté telefony, neinstalovat aplikaci při rootnutém tlf. Dobrý den, funguje toto i na Vodafone Tab Speed 6?. Pro 90% Android telefonů by měl fungovat KingRoot (https://kingroot.net/). S tablety je někdy problém, ale utčitě bych to zkusil :-) Hodně zdaru !. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 a root telefonu. Jak ušetřit mobilní data - FUP. Další poznámky, klady a zápory Android a Smart Pri... Stejný zvuk u SMS i oznámení. 24 hodin s Vodafone Smart Prime 6. Používá technologii služby Blogger .. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for vodafone smart prime 6. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for vodafone smart prime 6. Save vodafone smart prime 6 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow vodafone smart prime 6 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Wallet Flip PU Leather Phone Case Cover For Vodafone Smart Prime 6/7 N8 V8 E8. For Vodafone Smart Prime 6 895N 5.0" Hard Case Cover Batman Smile Color Bee Cat. For Vodafone Smart Cell Phones Soft Pudding TPU Gel Silicone Back Cover Case. For Vodafone Prime Ultra 6 7 Anti-dust Card Holder PU Leather Protective Cover. Cases for Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Be Happy Pink Case + 1 Tempered Glass. Shockproof Soft TPU Gel Phone Accessries Case Cover For Motorola Lenovo Vodafone. For Vodafone Smart prime 6 (5.0 inches) 895N Hard Tiger Skull Cat Owl Case Cover. Luxury Slim Patterned Soft TPU Back Case Cover Silicone For Smart Cell phone. For Vodafone Smart Prime 7/Ultra 7/6 PU Leather Case Shockproof Flip Hard Cover. For Vodafone Smart Prime 6 895N 5.0" Halloween Hard Case Cover Bat Cat Pumpkin. Soft Pudding TPU Gel Silicone Cover cellphone Case For Cubot / Wiko / Vodafone. Universal Luminous Glow in Dark Silicone TPU Phone Cover Bumper Frame Case Skins. STUFF4 Phone Case for Vodafone Smartphone/Nor th America Animals/Protec tive Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Vodafone Smartphone/Rac ing Car Stripes/Protec tive Cover. Cases for Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Polka Dot Red Pouch Faux Leather. For Vodafone Smart Prime 7/Ultra 7/6 PU Leather Case Shockproof Flip Hard Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Vodafone Smartphone/Col ours/Protectiv e Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Vodafone Smartphone/Ani mal Fur Effect/Pattern /Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Vodafone Smartphone/Gui tar/Protective Cover. Personalized Custom Leather Effect Phone Case for Vodafone Smart Prime 6/Cover. STUFF4 Phone Case for Vodafone Smartphone/Vid eo Games Console/Protec tive Cover. Universal PU Leather Belt Clip Loop Holster Waist Pouch Case Cover For Vodafone. Unicorn Belt Clip Holster Bag Hook Loop Pouch PU Leather Cover Case For Vodafone. For Vodafone Smart Prime 7 VDF600 1M Micro USB Data Cable Ring Stand Case Cover. Screen Complete for VODAFONE SMART PRIME 6 VF895N Touch + LCD Black. STUFF4 Phone Case for Vodafone Smartphone/Mot orcycle Helmet/Protect ive Cover. Ipswich Town FC Case for Vodafone Smart Prime 6 /ITFC Portman Road Stadium. Case Wallet Stand Flip Cover PU Leather Case for Vodafone Cover ~9 Colors. For Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Flip Magnetic Card Wallet PU Leather Case Stand Cover. Fr Vodafone E8 V8 N8 Practical Magnetic Card slot PU Leather Flip Wallet Case. For Vodafone Smart E8 N8 V8 Smart 7 Phone Leather Wallet Pouch Bag Case Cover. Magnetic Bling Luxury Diamonds Crystal PU Leather wallet flip Slots Cover Case12. New Retro owl butterfly Leather slot wallet flip pouch stand case skin cover G2. Bling Glitter Quicksand Hourglass Dynamic PU leather wallet Cover Cse & strap N. Angry eyes Litchi Leather wallet flip stand pouch Cover Case For Vodafone. Wind Chimes Quicksand Flip PU Leather Wallet Stand Cover Case For Vodafone Model. Black Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Magnetic Closure Stand Cover Fashion Wallet. PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Cover Loop Hip Carry Flat Skin Nice Waist Holder New. For Vodafone Smart Prime 6 VF895 VF895N LCD Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly. For Vodafone Smart Prime 7 VDF600 Retro Clover PU Leather Case Flip Cover Wallet. HEAVY DUTY SHOCKPROOF WITH STAND CASE COVER FOR VARIOUS VODAFONE MOBILE PHONES. 3pcs For Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Anti Explosion,Matt e Anti Scratch Screen Film. New 3D Cute Cartoon Soft Silicone Rubber Back Cover Case for Doogee X5 THL T6s. For 4"-6" inch Mobile Phone Waterproof Pouch Shoulder Bag Swiming Dry Case Cover. Universal Mini Car Mount Holder Stand Clip For All 3.5"-6" inch Cell Phones GPS. Fr Vodafone E8 V8 N8 Practical Magnetic Card slot PU Leather Flip Wallet Case N. PU Leather Magnetic Black Flip Card Slot Case Closure Stand Cover Book Wallet. Case Wallet Stand Flip Cover PU Leather Case for Vodafone Cover ~9 Colors. Fashion Diamonds Crystal Handmade Rhinestone Jewelled Flower Phone Case Cover W. PU Leather Flip Bling Rhinestone Diamond Wallet Case Girl Cover For Moto Doogee. PU Leather Black Flip Card Slot Case Magnetic Closure Stand Cover Book Wallet. PU Leather Belt Clip Pouch Cover Loop Hip Carry Magnetic Case Universal Holder. New Shockproof Wallet Flip Leather Case For Vodafone Phones. Official Elena Dudina Case for Vodafone Smart Prime 6 /Dark Magic. Sports Running Hydration Water Bottle Waist Belt Holder Pack Bag For Cell Phones. Practical Magnetic Card slot PU Leather Flip Wallet Case Fr Vodafone E8 V8 N8. Gym Quality Sports Strap Armband Running Case Holder Pouch for Mobile Phone iPod. NEW HEAVY DUTY TOUGH SHOCKPROOF CASE COVER ✔PROTECTION FOR VODAFONE SMART PHONES. For Vodafone Smart Prime 7 VDF600 Clover Stylish PU Leather Flip Cover Case Bag. New For Vodafone Smart Prime 6 VF895 VF895N Touch Digitizer+LCD Display Assembly. FREE Screen Protector & Stylus/FREE POSTAGE. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Volání Tarify Pro studenty Pro rodinu Kombinovaná nabídka Nové Předplacené karty Volání v roamingu Volání přes Wi-Fi Přejděte k nám Internet Internet v tabletu a. notebooku Internet v telefonu Kombinovaná nabídka Nové Pevný internet pro. domácnost Nové Wi-Fi síť na doma i. Vodafone Pass Nové Internet v zahraničí Naše síť Telefony a zařízení Telefony Tablety Modemy Příslušenství Chytrá zařízení Telefony a tablety značky Vodafone eDohled – pohlídáme třeba vaše auto Nové Podpora. Telefony a zařízení ›. ‹ Vodafone ›. 5“ HD displej, vysoký výkon i podpora LTE za nízkou cenu.. „Vodafone Smart prime 6 je od operátora trefou do černého.“ Mobilenet.cz. „Nový smartphone od Vodafonu drtí konkurenci skvělou výbavou.“ Tech.iHned.cz. „Momentálně ale za své peníze nemůžete dostat lepší kousek.“ Mobil.iDnes.cz. Tenhle našlápnutej telefon potěší hnedka dvakrát - po stránce technologické i cenové. U nového Vodafone Smart prime 6 s Androidem 5 si smlsnete na 5“ HD displeji a čtyřjádrovém procesoru s pořádným výkonem, podporou nejnovějších technologií LTE a NFC a bezkonkurenční cenou bude radost surfovat i telefonovat.. Chcete mít poslední model s nejnovějším systémem Android 6.0 Marshmallow? Mrkněte na novinku Vodafone Smart prime 7 .. 800, 850, 900, 1800, 2100, 2600. 141,65 × 71,89 × 8,96 mm. Přemýšlíte o pořízení nového telefonu s novým tarifem?. Do 30 minut vám zavoláme a pomůžeme vám.. Doprava je u nás zdarma vždy, když je součástí objednávky alespoň jedna SIMka, telefon, tablet nebo modem, a také když si objednáte samotné příslušenství v hodnotě min. V ostatních případech za dopravu zaplatíte 80 Kč. Zboží vám doručíme do 2 pracovních dnů a vybrat si můžete buď Českou poštu nebo kurýrní službu. Pozor ale na dobu doručení o Vánocích. Nedočkavci ocení bezplatné vyzvednutí ve vybrané prodejně. Při odeslání objednávky do 14 hodin v pracovní dny se totiž můžete pro zboží zastavit už odpoledne. V ostatních případech bude vše přichystáno následující pracovní den. Další informace nejen o doručování najdete v sekci. Vše o nákupu v eShopu .. 30denní záruku spokojenosti automaticky získáte jak na nový tarif, tak na telefon, tablet nebo modem, který jste si pořídili za zvýhodněnou cenu nebo na splátky spolu s ním. Ať už v našem eShopu nebo v prodejně Vodafone. Během této doby můžete nepoškozené zboží vrátit bez údání důvodu, v případě tarifu pak bez sankce odstoupit od smlouvy.. zařízení objednané samostatně bez tarifu) se vztahuje zákonná 14denní lhůta na vrácení zboží z eShopu. Ta platí samozřejmě i v případě vyzvednutí online objednávky v naší prodejně.. Vše, co potřebujete vědět při koupi nového telefonu.. Mohu si cenu mobilního telefonu rozložit do splátek?. Ano, tuto možnost si můžete zvolit na detailu telefonu. Zaplatíte tak jen část a zbytek doplatíte v měsíčních splátkách v rámci svého vyúčtování. Splátky platíte přímo Vodafonu, jsou bez navýšení kupní ceny a bez nutnosti dokládat svůj příjem. Zbývající dlužnou částku můžete kdykoli doplatit a třeba si i ihned vzít další zařízení na splátky. Tip: Zákazníci, kteří jsou s námi alespoň půl roku, si mohou pořídit dotykové mobily výhodněji než kdo jiný, navíc s počáteční platbou jen 1 Kč. Podívejte se na telefony pro věrné zákazníky .. Jsem nový zákazník, mohu si pořídit telefon se slevou?. Objednejte si telefon spolu s jedním z Red tarifů (tzn. Red LTE, Red LTE Plus, Red LTE Premium nebo Red+) a ušetřete 2000 Kč. Slevu získáte vždy při objednání v eShopu, ať již s doručením až k vám, nebo s vyzvednutím v prodejně.. Jsem zákazník Vodafonu, mohu si pořídit telefon se slevou?. nákupem telefonu prodloužit ve chvíli, kdy vám do konce platnosti té původní zbývá méně než 10 měsíců. Pokud máte do konce smlouvy více než 10 měsíců, můžete si telefon pořídit na splátky bez slevy k. V eShopu nelze prodloužit ani uzavřít rámcové smlouvy. Pokud aktuálně splácíte telefon, máte na nový telefon k. danému číslu nárok až po jeho splacení.. Pro ověření nároku na telefon a online slevu pokračujte do Můj Vodafone .. Zákazníci Vodafonu si mohou telefon se slevou v eShopu pořídit buď s. tarifem, nebo ke svému stávajícímu číslu. Nárok na slevu ke svému stávajícímu číslu mají zákazníci s. paušálním tarifem , pokud na tomto čísle nově uzavřou, případně prodlouží tarifní smlouvu s měsíčním plněním alespoň 690 Kč, a to zároveň s. Slevu v eShopu nemohou získat zákazníci využívající OneNet nebo rámcovou smlouvu.. Mám předplacenou kartu, mohu si pořídit telefon se slevou?. Slevu na telefon v eShopu nelze poskytnout k předplacené kartě. Zvýhodněný mobilní telefon můžete získat, pokud si pořídíte v eShopu paušální tarif s novým číslem.. Pokud si nechcete pořizovat tarif, můžete si ke své předplacence koupit telefon za standardní cenu.. Pokud je součástí objednávky alespoň jedna SIM karta, telefon, tablet nebo modem, je doprava zdarma. Zároveň když si objednáte samotné příslušenství v hodnotě 1000 Kč nebo více, doprava bude rovněž zdarma. V ostatních případech za doručení zaplatíte 80 Kč. Zboží vám dopravíme Českou poštou, u některých typů objednávek (SIM karty, telefony na splátky) lze využít i dopravu kurýrní službou Muff.. Nepřijdu o slevu v případě, že si v. Slevu získáte vždy při objednání v eShopu, ať již s doručením přímo k vám, nebo s vyzvednutím v prodejně.. Pro koho jsou určeny telefony s. Nabídka telefonů a tabletů s. počáteční platbou 1 Kč v kombinaci s vybranými tarify je určena pro naše věrné tarifní zákazníky , kteří jsou s námi alespoň 6 měsíců, nebyli na žádném čísle v posledních 3 měsících v prodlení s platbou a průměrně za naše služby na svém zákaznickém účtě utratili alespoň 50 Kč (do částky se nezapočítávají platby třetím stranám).. Věrný tarifní zákazník si telefon může objednat například pro člena rodiny s novým číslem nebo s číslem přeneseným od konkurence (v těchto případech dokončete objednávku bez přihlášení do Můj Vodafone), případně ke svému číslu spolu s novou či prodlouženou tarifní smlouvou (pro ověření nároku na telefon ke stávajícímu číslu postupujte přes přihlášení do Můj Vodafone ).. Po dokončení objednávky ověřujeme, zda podmínky nabídky splňujete; v opačném případě vaši objednávku stornujeme, o čemž vás vyrozumíme e-mailem.. Pokud si nejste jisti a chcete si předem ověřit, zda podmínky splňujete, zanechte své číslo ve formuláři na této stránce a my se vám co nejdříve ozveme, případně vám tuto informaci sdělíme na lince 800 77 00 77.. Věrní zákazníci si mohou pořídit telefon za 1 Kč a zbytek na splátky.. Užijte si 4G LTE internet s vybranými tablety nyní od 1 Kč.. Jak se s námi chcete spojit? S dokončením objednávky vám rádi pomůžeme.. Ozveme se vám do 30 minut.. Pomůžeme vám s dokončením objednávky po telefonu.. Rádi vám poradíme s objednávkou po telefonu. Nechte nám na sebe číslo, zavoláme vám do 30 minut.. Jak se s námi chcete spojit? S dokončením objednávky vám rádi pomůžeme.. Ozveme se vám do 30 minut.. Pomůžeme vám s dokončením objednávky po telefonu.. Rádi vám poradíme s objednávkou po telefonu. Nechte nám na sebe číslo, zavoláme vám do 30 minut.. S nákupem vám poradíme po telefonu. Nechte nám na sebe číslo a my se ozveme v nejbližší pracovní den mezi 9:00 a 20:00.. Pomůžeme vám s dokončením objednávky po telefonu.. Ozveme se vám do 30 minut a poradíme vám.. Pomohly vám informace na této stránce?. Řekněte nám, co vám na stránce nevyhovuje:. Napište nám prosím, jak bychom mohli tuto stránku zlepšit. Pokud chcete řešit konkrétní problém, použijte prosím tento formulář a my se vám ozveme.. Popište prosím, s čím máte problém.. Pokud by se vám ani nadále nedařilo najít co hledáte, neváhejte nás kontaktovat .. Copyright © 2018 Vodafone Czech Republic a.s.. 
Home › Vodafone › Smart prime 6 Vodafone Smart prime 6 - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Vodafone Smart prime 6 List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Vodafone Smart prime 6 Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight User reviews 2 Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery SAR. Dimensions : 71.9 x 141.65 x 8.95 mm Weight : 155 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1200 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 306, 400 MHz RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2500 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 5.0 Lollipop Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Micro-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Vodafone Model Smart prime 6 Model alias VF-895N Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 71.9 mm (millimeters) 7.19 cm (centimeters) 0.24 ft (feet) 2.83 in (inches) Height 141.65 mm (millimeters) 14.17 cm (centimeters) 0.46 ft (feet) 5.58 in (inches) Thickness 8.95 mm (millimeters) 0.9 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.35 in (inches) Weight 155 g (grams) 0.34 lbs (pounds) 5.47 oz (ounces) Volume 91.15 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 5.54 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Silver Gray Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Micro-SIM (3FF - third form factor, since 2003, 15.00 x 12.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 1 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 800 MHz LTE 850 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 5.0 Lollipop System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8 Level 0 cache memory (L0) 4 KB + 4 KB (kilobytes) Level 1 cache memory (L1) 16 KB + 16 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 2048 KB (kilobytes) 2 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1200 MHz (megahertz) GPU Qualcomm Adreno 306 GPU frequency 400 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 1 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 533 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 8 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5 in (inches) 127 mm (millimeters) 12.7 cm (centimeters) Width 2.45 in (inches) 62.26 mm (millimeters) 6.23 cm (centimeters) Height 4.36 in (inches) 110.69 mm (millimeters) 11.07 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Pixel density 294 ppi (pixels per inch) 115 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 67.89 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 3264 x 2448 pixels 7.99 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Digital image stabilization Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Image resolution 1600 x 1200 pixels 1.92 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering NFC Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AAC+ / aacPlus / HE-AAC v1 AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) AMR-WB (Adaptive Multi-Rate Wideband, .awb) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) VP8 WMV (Windows Media Video, .wmv) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2500 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Polymer 3G talk time 18 h (hours) 1080 min (minutes) 0.8 days 3G stand-by time 915 h (hours) 54900 min (minutes) 38.1 days Features Non-removable Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) The SAR rating shows the amount of electromagnetic radiation absorbed by the human body when using a mobile device, expressed in W/kg. Head SAR (EU) 0.727 W/kg (watts per kilogram) Body SAR (EU) 0.868 W/kg (watts per kilogram). Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. Some processors have a level 0 cache memory, which is accessed quicker than the L1, L2, L3, and so one cache memories. Besides achieving better performance, it also consumes less power.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. The SAR head rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is held next to the ear in a talk position. In Europe, the SAR limit for hand-held mobile devices is set to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard is specified by the CENELEC, complies with the IEC standards and follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998.. This SAR rating shows the highest level of exposure to electromagnetic radiation measured when the device is placed at the hip level. The top SAR value for mobile devices used in Europe is limited to 2 W/kg per 10 g of tissue. This standard follows the ICNIRP Guidelines 1998 as well as the IEC standards and is determined by the CENELEC.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 71.9 x 141.65 x 8.95 mm Weight : 155 g SoC : Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1200 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : Qualcomm Adreno 306, 400 MHz RAM : 1 GB, 533 MHz Storage : 8 GB Display : 5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2500 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 5.0 Lollipop Camera : 3264 x 2448 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. [Request] Vodafone Smart Prime 6 (VF-895N) Stock ROM by Num3. Android Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting Android General Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only] Android Software Development Miscellaneous Android Development. Xposed Framework Modules Android Themes Android Apps and Games Android Developer Previews. I do … 1 1st custom ROM for VF-895N: 1 (quote). Many thanks - it worked perfectly! :good::). Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. [Request] Vodafone Smart Prime 6 (VF-895N) Stock ROM. By Num3 , Junior Member on 7th August 2015, 08:43 PM. I just tried the rooting method using Kingroot, but the phone got soft-bricked and stays in endless loop after the vodafone logo. I already booted into stock recovery and did a factory reset, but the problem subsists, so i am desperate for a STOCK rom (kingroot must have messed up some files ... I have a V895N-2GVDPT1 (Vodafone Portugal). I have found the KERNEL SOURCE under the "Open Source Code" here: http://www.vodafone.com/content/inde...artprime6.html !!!. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 receive AOSP Android Oreo ROMs thanks to Project Treble >. Honor 9 Lite and Huawei P Smart Kernel Sources have been released >. How the Kirin 970 Uses AI to Take Better Photos >. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2015. How You use that source code for reinstall the system?. Join Date: Joined: Oct 2015. Can you boot to fastboot/download mode?. Try to use ADB to restore the stock ROM files, unfortunately I don't know where to find the stock ROM files. Sent from my VF-895N using XDA Free mobile app. Join Date: Joined: Apr 2015. i bricked my smart prime 6 aswell do you know how to use the sorce code?. How You use that source code for reinstall the system?. Join Date: Joined: Oct 2015. My Devices: Nvidia Shield Tablet , Xiaomi Redmi 2. sorry to read that, actually I got this phone from a friend who lost mine (here in Czech Republic) and I did root it, but I saw that many people had problem after rooting so I un-rooted and at the moment it's working properly... I think there is also this "Purify" maybe it did mess with the rom uninstalling things or who knows what... I hope you find the way to restore the software.... I just tried the rooting method using Kingroot, but the phone got soft-bricked and stays in endless loop after the vodafone logo. I already booted into stock recovery and did a factory reset, but the problem subsists, so i am desperate for a STOCK rom (kingroot must have messed up some files ... I have a V895N-2GVDPT1 (Vodafone Portugal). Join Date: Joined: Sep 2011. Hi guys i m looking for rom for this phone as well i have 2 phone after i update phone phone stuck now can some one give me firmware for this phone plz. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2010. My Devices: HTC One (M7) , Nexus 6 , LG Nexus 5X. Hey, I bricked this phone as well. any stock rom to download and flash in recovery?. Join Date: Joined: Nov 2013. My Devices: Samsung Galaxy S III Mini , Samsung Galaxy Tab 4. Hi, i am looking for the stock rom for this phone. Join Date: Joined: May 2014. Hi, i am looking for the stock rom for this phone. Join Date: Joined: May 2014. I do this and working ! Cheers !!. The Following 3 Users Say Thank You to Plus88 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. alverchristopher (6th November 2015) , dragontass (28th October 2015) , Norman Hoani (29th September 2017). Join Date: Joined: Nov 2013. My Devices: Samsung Galaxy S III Mini , Samsung Galaxy Tab 4. Many thanks - it worked perfectly!. I do this and working ! Cheers !!. The Following User Says Thank You to dragontass For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Android Q&A, Help & Troubleshooting by ThreadRank. Vernee Mix 2 Rebuild Official Firmware. [GUIDE] How-to Use WireGuard on Android and Ubuntu. [MOD] Low-RAM Property Patcher for Android. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. [APP] [4.1+] Bromite - Chromium plus adblocking [25 February 2018 - 64.0.3282.182]. [Request] Vodafone Smart Prime 6 (VF-895N) Stock ROM by Num3. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Hard Reset VODAFONE Smart prime 6. At the beginning switch the cell phone off by holding down the Power key for a short while. In the next step hold down the Volume Up + Power button simultaneously for about 10 seconds. Wait for the Recovery Mode to appear. In order to choose " wipe data/factory reset " use the Volume Down to navigate and the Power button to confirm. Next, select " Yes--delete all user data ". Use Volume Down button to scroll and Power key to select. To restart the phone, select " reboot system now ". Success! Your phone should begin the hard reset operation. ALCATEL Shine Lite HARD RESET / FORMAT / RESET ANDROID. Hard Reset ALCATEL Shine Lite - Bypass Screen Lock / Delete Data. If this was useful, please share to help others and follow us on. WARNING ! Hard Reset will erase all of your data All described operations you are doing at your own risk.. How to reset SAMSUNG Galaxy S9+?. Read about resetting SAMSUNG Galaxy S9+. How to reset SAMSUNG Galaxy S9?. Read about resetting SAMSUNG Galaxy S9. How to reset MOTOROLA Moto X4?. Read about resetting MOTOROLA Moto X4. 
The Sunday Session with Kerre McIvor. Sunday Mornings with The Resident Builder. Website Terms of Use & Privacy Policy. The Sunday Session with Kerre McIvor. Sunday Mornings with The Resident Builder. Website Terms of Use & Privacy Policy. Get Smart On A Budget - Vodafone Smart Prime 6. Get Smart On A Budget - Vodafone Smart Prime 6. How often do you hear people say, "I don't need all those bells and whistles. I just want a phone that does the basics?". That probably means they want a cheap phone and they're prepared to put up with the limitations.. Now Vodafone is offering a genuine smart phone for under $200, and there aren't as many limitations as you might think.... Meet the Vodafone Smart Prime 6, perhaps the first telco-branded phone in history actually worth switching on.. When I DID switch it on, there WAS a bit of a wait while it booted, but once I was up and running, I found navigating around the phone simple, clear and pretty smooth going.. The Smart Prime 6 runs the latest Android OS, Lollipop, and it runs it pretty well. At first glance I couldn't really tell much difference between this phone and the LG G3 I reviewed back in February. In fact, just like the G3, Vodafone's phone gives you the option of a double tap on the screen to wake it up, instead of fumbling for the power switch.. Although this phone fits into the budget price range, there really are some higher-end features included, like a genuine quad-core processor which means actions like streaming video, even via Chromecast can be carried out pretty smoothly. In saying that, too many apps doing too many things at once did cause some lagging.. Storage space is the big issue here, but it's an issue you can manage. The latest Samsung Galaxy S6's come with 32gb as standard - that's certainly more than I've ever used on a phone, even WITH an extra SD card.. Make no mistake, the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 is no Galaxy, and a big part of the difference between the two is storage space. The Smart Prime 6 comes with a paltry 8gb, not very useful, given the Lollipop operating system takes up almost 4gb by itself. This means you'll definitely need an SD card if you want to take any photos or store any music at all.. Not that either amount is anywhere enough to be useful, given the Lollipop operating system takes up almost 4gb by itself. This means you'll definitely need an SD card if you want to take any photos or store any music at all.. You'll need to install any new apps onto that SD card as well, or your storage will be eaten up in no time. At least you have that option; iPhones and Samsung's GS6's don't even have SD slots so you're stuck with the storage they come with.. What you need to remember when loading or moving apps onto an SD card, is any widgets associated with those apps will disappear and/or stop working, which took me a little while to figure out. In saying that, it turns out you can move apps between the internal storage and the SD card relatively easily using the Apps manager under the Settings menu.. If that last paragraph has your head spinning, then this may not be the phone for you, which is a shame, because in most other respects it's a very straight-forward handset to use.. An SD slot isn't the only feature you get on the Smart Prime 6 you won't find on the latest Samsungs or Apples; you still get an FM radio, something I think is a big draw card for data-conscious users who aren't into paying to stream their favourite station when they can just tune in for free.. What the Smart Prime 6 lacks in on-board storage, it more than makes up for in battery life. Once I got past my constant frustration of YET ANOTHER phone that doesn't do wireless charging, I was very impressed with how long a single charge lasted. I've read other reviews criticising the screen definition and brightness, but I had no problem with this at all, and if that's what helps make the battery last so long, I'm more than happy with the compromise.. That display is a full 5 inches by the way, which I believe to be about optimum for a smart phone these days. Any bigger and the thing just starts getting too damn long to put in your pocket. While it isn't quite as super-slim as some of it's big-name, high-end rivals, the Smart Prime 6 is slim enough. It has a stylishly curved edge, an attractive chrome bezel around the screen and an equally good-looking, metallic-feel back cover. It certainly wouldn't appear cheap or out of place in the middle of the table at the cafe next to phones other people may have paid a thousand dollars more for.. And that's what brings everything back into perspective, the price. This phone is only $149 (plus whatever you need to shell out for the essential SDmicro card - approximately $20 for 16gb) The functionality you get for that little money is the best I've seen by a long way. A LITTLE PEEK AT THE NEXT BIG THING. TAKE ONE TABLET AND CALL ME. Man pulls taser on people shopping at Riccarton Mall. Vicar of Dibley actress dies aged 53. Mike's Minute: This is Jacinda's defining policy. 'I'm going to have to teach her not to cry' - The toddler alergic to water. Calls for hazing to be criminalised. Transport Union: Overtime ban to be lifted when safety is made a priority. Website Terms of Use & Privacy Policy. 
Vodafone Prime 6: A $150 phone takes on $1000 rivals. The Vodafone Smart Prime 6 costs $150.. Deciding what new phone to buy can often be driven by brands and trends rather than what you need, or can afford. Samsung's latest Galaxy devices and the new iPhones are fantastic gadgets - they're fast with great cameras and the latest software but they cost more than $1000. What if you could get something similar, but only pay $150? That's what Vodafone is offering with its Smart Prime 6, a budget phone with premium looks and features. Its specifications are impressive: sleek, metal design, the latest Android operating system (Lollipop), 4G, 5-inch screen and a 8MP camera. Some medium-range phones costing over $500 don't have all of these features. Vodafone are following an overseas trend led by. challenging the top manufacturers with phones that have similar features but cost a lot less. But can this phone really hold up against its more expensive rivals? DESIGN This phone looks like a $500 phone, maybe even a $750 phone. At first glance it looks similar to an iPhone 6. It's only when you look closer that you seen the metal finish is not as nice and that it's thicker with a curved back rather than a flat one. still a good-looking phone and at $150 you may even risk not buying a case for it so you can show it off all the time. SOFTWARE It's amazing to get Android's latest software in a phone this cheap. Many top brands don't have this in their mid-range phones.. Vodafone has managed this by running a pure version of Lollipop rather than the "tweaked" version run by most other companies which some people don't like as they have too many extraneous features.. At first glance the design of the Smart Prime 6 is similar to the iPhone 6.. This is where things get a bit unstuck when comparing it to more a expensive device.. Medium and high-end phone cameras are getting very good. The Samsung Galaxy S6 has the best on the market, but it costs $950 more than this phone.. It's a bit slow and it struggles in low light. However, if you only take a few photos and are happy with the occasional blurred picture, then you'll be fine. Its video capabilities are not too bad either with the ability to record 1080p.. For $150 you have to expect compromises somewhere.. The Prime 6 has an OK screen and is great for everyday use. However, when compared to more expensive phones its shortcomings are obvious. The screen is not as bright, which makes it harder to see in sunlight. Also, when looking at the screen on an angle it's difficult to see.. The phone works well and handles apps easily. It is definitely slower than higher-end phones, but not enough to be annoying. I did notice a difference comparing the smoothness of scrolling within an app, but unless you've got phones side-by-side you won't notice it much.. One plus is that the back comes off so you can add storage up to 64GB. It only comes with 8GB which won't hold many photos or videos since the operating software takes up 3GB. However, while the back is removable you can't replace the battery.. This is a great phone for anyone looking for an affordable device.. It's a good first phone because it's so affordable and the pure version of Lollipop is easy to use.. Other good affordable smartphones are the Motorola Moto G (2nd generation) that costs $270 but is only 3G, and the. Kogan Agora 4G , which has the older Android operating system (also $270).. If you want all the features the Smart Prime 6 has but with a name brand, you could look at the Samsung A3 , which costs $500.. The Smart Prime 6 costs $150 and is available now from Vodafone.. While it's unfair to compare it to the top-tier phones, it does hold its own in two categories. It almost looks as good as an iPhone and it runs Lollipop, similar to the top Android phones.. In the end, the best thing about this phone is the price. Smartphones are really expensive and it's good to see affordable options become available for Kiwis.. I'd recommend this phone, but just remember it costs $150 so don't expect $1000 performance.. Camera: 8MP (rear), 2MP (front) * an early version of this story had these figures transposed .. Memory: 8GB, expandable to 64GB. Quad-core 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor. Connectivity: 4G, wi-fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, NFC. iPhone slower than S6, LG G4. Why your phone pics are blah. Man killed by robot at Volkswagen plant in Germany. People freak out over robot dogs. Mixing a PC and a phone. Apple repair centre calls for help. Time to ban phones at gigs. NZ to lead 'digital bill of rights'. It's OK to write down passwords. Acer battles a tough PC market. 'Your face will be your passport'. Reporter defends 'painful' interview with Jacinda Ardern, who says she's not fazed Golf game turns to tragedy when man dies after 'freak' accident in Queenstown Homemade adventure park Fernbrooke Farm had to shut up shop Can a weekend in the garden deliver summer's worth of fresh food? SPCA lists shocking cases of neglect and cruelty Several injured after explosion in Leicester, UK England and Scotland asked to explain pre-match scuffle before Six Nations game Mitchell Santner answers critics by winning game at death for Black Caps Nearly 2000 truck trailer owners to be contacted by NZTA over tow connections Sridevi, Bollywood leading lady of '80s and '90s, dies at 54. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs:. Privacy | Terms and Conditions. 
Log in |. Help |. Contact us |. All iPhone 8 Plus Accessories. All iPhone 7 Plus Accessories. All iPhone 6S Plus Accessories. All Galaxy Note 8 Accessories. All Galaxy S8 Plus Accessories. All Galaxy S7 Edge Accessories. All Galaxy A5 2017 Accessories. All Galaxy A7 2017 Accessories. All HTC U Ultra Accessories. View all HTC One M9 Accessories. View all HTC One M8 Accessories. View all HTC One M7 Accessories. See accessories for all HTC devices. All Google Pixel 2 Accessories. Google Pixel 2 XL Car Chargers. Google Pixel 2 XL Screen Protectors. All Google Pixel 2 XL Accessories. All Google Pixel Accessories. All Google Pixel XL Accessories. All LG G6 Accessories. All LG V20 Accessories. All LG G5 Accessories. All LG G4 Accessories. All LG V10 Accessories. All LG Stylo 2 Accessories. LG Stylo 2 Plus Car Chargers. LG Stylo 2 Plus Screen Protectors. All LG Stylo 2 Plus Accessories. All Xperia XZ1 Compact Accessories. All Xperia XZ Premium Accessories. All Xperia XA1 Ultra Accessories. All Xperia Z5 Premium Accessories. All Moto G5 Plus Accessories. All Moto G4 Plus Accessories. All Moto G4 Play Accessories. All iPad Pro 10.5 Accessories. All iPad Pro 9.7 Accessories. All iPad Pro 12.9 Accessories. All iPad Mini 4 Accessories. MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar Accessories. MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar Cases. MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar Covers. MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar Stands. MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar Screen Protectors. MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar Speakers. All MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar Accessories. MacBook Pro 15 with Touch Bar Accessories. MacBook Pro 15 with Touch Bar Cases. MacBook Pro 15 with Touch Bar Covers. MacBook Pro 15 with Touch Bar Stands. MacBook Pro 15 with Touch Bar Screen Protectors. MacBook Pro 15 with Touch Bar Speakers. All MacBook Pro 15 with Touch Bar Accessories. All MacBook 12 Inch Accessories. All MacBook Pro 13 Accessories. All MacBook Pro 15 Accessories. All MacBook Air 13 Accessories. MacBook Pro Retina 13 Desk Stands. MacBook Pro Retina 13 Screen Protectors. MacBook Pro Retina 13 Bluetooth Headsets. All MacBook Pro Retina 13 Accessories. MacBook Pro Retina 15 Desk Stands. All MacBook Pro Retina 15 Accessories. All Huawei P10 Plus Accessories. All Nintendo Switch Accessories /li>. Browse Vodafone Smart prime 6 Accessories. Vodafone Smart prime 6 Bluetooth Car Kits. Vodafone Smart prime 6 Bluetooth Headsets. Vodafone Smart prime 6 Car Chargers. Vodafone Smart prime 6 Car Holders. Vodafone Smart prime 6 Car Kits. Vodafone Smart prime 6 Desk Stands. Vodafone Smart prime 6 Desktop Chargers. Vodafone Smart prime 6 Hands Free Kits. Vodafone Smart prime 6 Mains Chargers. Vodafone Smart prime 6 Memory Cards. Vodafone Smart prime 6 Mobile Data. Vodafone Smart prime 6 Novelty and Fun. Vodafone Smart prime 6 Screen Protectors. Vodafone Smart prime 6 Stereo Bluetooth Headsets. Visit our SG site - www.mobilefun.sg for. Select your mobile Vodafone Smart Prime 6. Encase Leather-Style Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Wallet Case - Brown. Encase Leather-Style Vodafone Smart Prime 6 Wallet Case - Black. Olixar Rotating 5.5 Inch Leather-Style Universal Phone Case - Black. Olixar Rotating 5.5 Inch Leather-Style Universal Phone Case - Red. Encase Rotating 5.5 Inch Leather-Style Universal Phone Case - Brown. DiCAPac Universal Waterproof Case for Smartphones up to 5.7" - Blue. Krusell Orsa Universal 4XL Leather-Style Folio Case - Silver. Encase Rotating 4 Inch Leather-Style Universal Phone Case - Red. Universal Leather-Style Pouch for Smartphones - Tan. Krusell Hector 4XL Leather Pouch Case - Black. Krusell Orsa Universal 4XL Leather-Style Folio Case - Black. Encase Rotating 4 Inch Leather-Style Universal Phone Case - Brown. Krusell Orsa Universal 4XL Leather-Style Folio Case - Gold. Encase Rotating 4 Inch Leather-Style Universal Phone Case - Black. Reboon Booncover M Universal Folio Flip and Stand Tablet Case - Grey. Showing (1-16 Of 16) Vodafone Smart prime 6 Cases. Vodafone 231 Accessories , Vodafone 340 Accessories , Vodafone 345 Accessories , Vodafone 351 Accessories , Vodafone 360 H1 Accessories , Vodafone 360 M1 Accessories , Vodafone 455 Accessories , Vodafone 533 Accessories , Vodafone 540 Accessories , Vodafone 543 Accessories , Vodafone 547 Accessories , Vodafone 550 Accessories , Vodafone 553 Accessories , Vodafone 625 Accessories , Vodafone 725 Accessories , Vodafone 845 Accessories , Vodafone 945 Accessories , Vodafone Data Card Accessories , Vodafone E172 Accessories , Vodafone E220 Accessories , Vodafone E270 Accessories , Vodafone E620 Accessories , Vodafone E800 Accessories , Vodafone Express Card Accessories , Vodafone M1 Accessories , Vodafone Smart 4 Mini Accessories , Vodafone Smart 4 Turbo Accessories , Vodafone Smart 4G Accessories , Vodafone Smart 858 Accessories , Vodafone Smart E8 Accessories , Vodafone Smart first 6 Accessories , Vodafone Smart First 7 Accessories , Vodafone Smart Mini Accessories , Vodafone Smart Mini 7 Accessories , Vodafone Smart N8 Accessories , Vodafone Smart Platinum 7 Accessories , Vodafone Smart prime 6 Accessories , Vodafone Smart Prime 7 Accessories , Vodafone Smart Speed 6 Accessories , Vodafone Smart Tab II 10 Accessories , Vodafone Smart Turbo 7 Accessories , Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 Accessories , Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 Accessories , Vodafone Smart V8 Accessories , Vodafone Tab prime 6 Accessories , Vodafone Touch 541 Accessories , Vodafone U630 Accessories , Vodafone USB Stick - K3520 Accessories , Vodafone USB Stick Lite - K3760 Accessories , Vodafone v1415 Accessories , Vodafone v1605 Accessories , Vodafone v1615 Accessories , Vodafone v1640 Accessories , Vodafone V226 Accessories , Vodafone V526 Accessories , Vodafone V527 Accessories , Vodafone VF810 Accessories , Vodafone VF830 Accessories , Vodafone VPA Compact Accessories , Vodafone VS1 Accessories , Vodafone VS2 Accessories , Vodafone VS3 Accessories , Vodafone VS4 Accessories , Vodafone X950D Accessories. Browse Vodafone Smart prime 6 Accessories. 
Samsung Galaxy Tab Active 2 HD Wallpapers Download. Samsung Galaxy J7 Core HD Wallpapers Download. Huawei Y6 Pro 2017 HD Wallpapers Download. Yavuz on How To Port Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus ROM on Lenovo K6 Note? Aguinaldo on BLU R1 Plus Android Oreo 8.0 Update Jivan on Update Micromax Q391 Canvas Doodle 4 On Android Marshmallow Jivan on Update Micromax Q391 Canvas Doodle 4 On Android Marshmallow Rakesh on Samsung Z2 Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 Update. Update Vodafone Smart prime 6 On Android Marshmallow. Comments Off on Update Vodafone Smart prime 6 On Android Marshmallow 5. Update Your Vodafone Smart prime 6 on latest Android M and make the most out of every TAP. Android Marshmallow Exclusive Features For Vodafone Smart prime 6. Android 6.0.1 Brings The Best Web Experience. Less Battery Consumption & Quicker Recharge. An Elegant App Menu That You’ve Always Wanted. Gaming Like Never Before – That’s Something You Can’t Ignore. How to install Android Marshmallow on Vodafone Smart prime 6 without rooting. If you are looking to upgrade your amazing Vodafone Smart prime 6 on Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 then we’ve got a solution for ya…. Google has finally released one of the most successful and technically enhanced Android M for Vodafone Smart prime 6. Also known as Android Marshmallow 6.0, it is one of the most brilliant OS for your smart device. A very high tech operating systems loaded with tons of new features is now easily accessible.. You can easily upgrade Vodafone Smart prime 6 on Android Marshmallow 6.0 or 6.0.1 with few simple taps. There are various rooting methods available that consume a lot of time and your cellphone may get damaged if not done properly.. But you will be happy to know that you can update Vodafone Smart prime 6 on Android M without following the complicated rooting method. We have a brilliant Android 6.0 and 6.1 solutions for you that will make your smart gadget look like the most amazing device. No root or custom rom needed, follow simple steps and update your device on a latest Google operating system.. Android 6.0.1 has changed the world of technology by introducing some of the interesting features that people were looking for. All of the previous irritating bugs have been fixed and now you can enjoy an enhanced UI with most convenient and user-friendly features.. Google has improved the way your Vodafone Smart prime 6 browses the web. Now you can enjoy an enhanced web browsing experience where there will be no crashes and hangs. Heating issues while browsing the web have also been solved and Android M 6.0 will also help you to surf the websites quicker than ever.. All websites optimized for smartphones are now in ease access where you have the freedom to surf unlimited websites on your fingertips. Online video playing and browsing shopping websites is now more than a fun. Also, after the successful upgrade you will not feel any need to free download android launchers for your smart device.. Needless to say, Google’s top priority to release Android Marshmallow upgrade for Vodafone Smart prime 6 was to improve the device’s speed and performance. There were a lot of heating and hanging issues previously in old versions that have been fixed now with the release of Android 6.0.1. So, after updating your Vodafone Smart prime 6 to Android M you will experience an increase in the device’s speed and touch response. Using android widgets is also a fun thing after the new OS upgrade.. Vodafone Smart prime 6 users mostly complain about its battery timing because like most of the other smartphones its battery does not survive for more than a day or two. Thanks to their brilliant enhancements, Google has now optimized their Android Marshmallow OS for batter battery performance.. Google’s cutting edge technology experts have introduced a way for your Vodafone Smart prime 6 to survive for a longer time by reducing its battery consumption. Android M also allows your cellphone to recharge quicker than before, which means, you will save penalty of time with Vodafone Smart prime 6 Android Marshmallow upgrade.. In addition to this, you will enjoy more standby time thanks to Android 6.0.1 update that will keep your mobile device healthier and stronger. All in all, you’re going to enjoy. One of the most significant changes on Android M for Vodafone Smart prime 6 is the fact that Google has given a whole new look to the app menu which looks more appealing and eye-catching. It is nowhere closer to any other version of android including Lollipop, KitKat, Jellybean and others.. Interesting setting menu, icons, app menu and more, this is something that will make you feel good. So for the beauty lovers, Vodafone Smart prime 6 Android Marshmallow update is worth installing. You will truly enjoy every tap on your device after the successful upgrade.. Download free android apps for your smart device.. After successful Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update without rooting, your device will look more classy and smart. All types of HD android wallpapers and android live wallpapers will make your smart device’s screen look like something more attractive, stylish and good looking.. Another good thing about HD screen of Vodafone Smart prime 6 is the fact that you do not have to install any type of custom rom for more attraction, look and appeal. Simply follow our provided solution and you will be good.. Yes, gaming experience has been improved and you will enjoy all types of heavy games on your Vodafone Smart prime 6 with Android M upgrade. If you are a great gaming lover and can’t live without playing some action, adventure or racing games on your smart device, then you must consider installing 6.0.1 update.. It will give you a smooth gaming experience with less battery consumption and better playing interface. So install the OS now and play games like never before. You can also switch between the games and other apps conveniently.. Download free android games for your smart device .. We have one of the simplest solutions for you where you will save penalty of time by installing android 6.0 on Vodafone Smart prime 6. Originally this upgrade takes hours and most probably you will lose your files and data. So to avoid big loss we have a very simple solution. No need to root your precious device. Save time, money and avoid big loss by installing a very simple APK file that will transform your device into a good looking Android Marshmallow user interface.. For the devices that you simply cannot upgrade to Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 Google has released official Google Now Launcher that will transform your ordinary looking old version into the latest android 6.0 UI.. Simply visit and download this 15MB APK file on your device and install it with few taps.. After you’ve downloaded and installed this launcher you will see a true Android Marshmallow UI on your Vodafone Smart prime 6. You can also download free android themes but after the update you’ll only be able to use the Google’s default theme.. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Top 5 Best Oppo F5 Keyboards Apps. Top 5 Best Huawei Nova 2i Keyboards Apps. Top 5 Best Gionee S11 Keyboards Apps. Top 5 Best Nokia 5 Keyboards Apps. Top 5 Best LG K7i Keyboards Apps. Top 5 Best ZTE Nubia NX595J Keyboards Apps. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. 8 9 10 11 12 13 14. 15 16 17 18 19 20 21. 22 23 24 25 26 27 28. © Copyright 2018 A9droid. This site is protected by wp-copyrightpro.com. 
How the hell is Nokia the UK's third most popular phone brand?. You can create empathy in VR by making a person move around. Monday briefing: Anonymous US officials accuse Russia of Olympic cyberattack. All the latest MWC 2018 news from Samsung, Nokia, Sony and more. Nokia's retro 8110 is getting a revival as HMD goes high-end. Gene-modification is the next frontier in the fight against cancer. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs S9+: new flagships are all about the cameras. 8 coathangers, 5 Mbps internet, no pests: what makes an Airbnb Plus. Sam Amrani tracks you in Pret. Google’s nemesis: meet the British couple who took on a giant, won... The inside story of the great KFC chicken shortage of 2018. Sony Xperia XZ2 hands-on: a lacklustre flagship with few thrills. Huawei's MateBook X Pro is a great laptop stuck in Apple's shadow. Samsung S9 vs iPhone X vs Pixel 2: which one should you buy?. Google is hardwiring Assistant directly into other Androids. The great KFC chicken crisis of 2018: Podcast 357. Bentley wants its next new car to be fully autonomous. Brian Eno's AR experience lets you play synth in mid-air. The Alexa-powered Mercury jacket can heat itself and listens to your voice commands. In New York City, even the Empire State Building has a green roof. These are best sci-fi movies you should be watching. The British couple that cost Google £2.1 billion: UpVote 23. Five stories you may have missed this week. This startup wants you to sell your genetic data on the blockchain. How the hell is Nokia the UK's third most popular phone brand?. You can create empathy in VR by making a person move around. Monday briefing: Anonymous US officials accuse Russia of Olympic cyberattack. All the latest MWC 2018 news from Samsung, Nokia, Sony and more. Nokia's retro 8110 is getting a revival as HMD goes high-end. Gene-modification is the next frontier in the fight against cancer. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs S9+: new flagships are all about the cameras. 8 coathangers, 5 Mbps internet, no pests: what makes an Airbnb Plus. Sam Amrani tracks you in Pret. Google’s nemesis: meet the British couple who took on a giant, won... The inside story of the great KFC chicken shortage of 2018. Sony Xperia XZ2 hands-on: a lacklustre flagship with few thrills. Huawei's MateBook X Pro is a great laptop stuck in Apple's shadow. Samsung S9 vs iPhone X vs Pixel 2: which one should you buy?. Google is hardwiring Assistant directly into other Androids. The great KFC chicken crisis of 2018: Podcast 357. Bentley wants its next new car to be fully autonomous. Brian Eno's AR experience lets you play synth in mid-air. The Alexa-powered Mercury jacket can heat itself and listens to your voice commands. In New York City, even the Empire State Building has a green roof. These are best sci-fi movies you should be watching. The British couple that cost Google £2.1 billion: UpVote 23. Five stories you may have missed this week. This startup wants you to sell your genetic data on the blockchain. To find out more, read our privacy policy .. How the hell is Nokia the UK's third most popular phone brand?. You can create empathy in VR by making a person move around. Monday briefing: Anonymous US officials accuse Russia of Olympic cyberattack. All the latest MWC 2018 news from Samsung, Nokia, Sony and more. Nokia's retro 8110 is getting a revival as HMD goes high-end. Gene-modification is the next frontier in the fight against cancer. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs S9+: new flagships are all about the cameras. 8 coathangers, 5 Mbps internet, no pests: what makes an Airbnb Plus. Sam Amrani tracks you in Pret. Google’s nemesis: meet the British couple who took on a giant, won... The inside story of the great KFC chicken shortage of 2018. Sony Xperia XZ2 hands-on: a lacklustre flagship with few thrills. Huawei's MateBook X Pro is a great laptop stuck in Apple's shadow. Samsung S9 vs iPhone X vs Pixel 2: which one should you buy?. Google is hardwiring Assistant directly into other Androids. The great KFC chicken crisis of 2018: Podcast 357. Bentley wants its next new car to be fully autonomous. Brian Eno's AR experience lets you play synth in mid-air. The Alexa-powered Mercury jacket can heat itself and listens to your voice commands. In New York City, even the Empire State Building has a green roof. These are best sci-fi movies you should be watching. The British couple that cost Google £2.1 billion: UpVote 23. Five stories you may have missed this week. This startup wants you to sell your genetic data on the blockchain. How the hell is Nokia the UK's third most popular phone brand?. You can create empathy in VR by making a person move around. Monday briefing: Anonymous US officials accuse Russia of Olympic cyberattack. All the latest MWC 2018 news from Samsung, Nokia, Sony and more. Nokia's retro 8110 is getting a revival as HMD goes high-end. Gene-modification is the next frontier in the fight against cancer. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs S9+: new flagships are all about the cameras. 8 coathangers, 5 Mbps internet, no pests: what makes an Airbnb Plus. Sam Amrani tracks you in Pret. Google’s nemesis: meet the British couple who took on a giant, won... The inside story of the great KFC chicken shortage of 2018. Sony Xperia XZ2 hands-on: a lacklustre flagship with few thrills. Huawei's MateBook X Pro is a great laptop stuck in Apple's shadow. Samsung S9 vs iPhone X vs Pixel 2: which one should you buy?. Google is hardwiring Assistant directly into other Androids. The great KFC chicken crisis of 2018: Podcast 357. Bentley wants its next new car to be fully autonomous. Brian Eno's AR experience lets you play synth in mid-air. The Alexa-powered Mercury jacket can heat itself and listens to your voice commands. In New York City, even the Empire State Building has a green roof. These are best sci-fi movies you should be watching. The British couple that cost Google £2.1 billion: UpVote 23. Five stories you may have missed this week. This startup wants you to sell your genetic data on the blockchain. Hands-on with Vodafone's mega-cheap 4G Smart prime 6. Vodafone has unveiled the Smart prime 6, a super-cheap 4G smartphone that it will offer for £79 on pay-as-you-go tariffs.. This is one of the lowest cost 4G phones that has ever passed through our hands, and offers some decent specifications behind its 5-inch screen. Inside is a 1.2GHz processor, which is the minimum amount of power we'd suggest for ensuring a decent performance when running Android 5.0 Lollipop.. The Smart prime 6 -- yes, 'prime' is lower-caps -- comes with a pitiful 8GB of built-in storage, so unless you want to rely on streaming from the cloud, you'll need to take advantage of the microSD card slot to expand the memory. On the back of the phone is an 8-megapixel camera, joined on the front by a 2-megapixel option. Gone are the days when budget phone customers had to make do with sub 5 megapixels on the rear and an ultra-grainy selfie snapper.. WIRED.co.uk has spent some hands-on time with the Smart prime 6 and in all honesty, Vodafone couldn't have developed a more boring-looking device if it had tried -- but this is no reason to dismiss it.. Even so, for an all-plastic phone it still has a surprisingly heavy body, and the grey aesthetic feels fairly cheap. The only clever touch is that it gives the illusion of being slightly slimmer than it actually is thanks to its gently curved back. There's no doubt about it, this no-frills device has been designed to bring a fast and up-to-date Android experience to those who care more about performance than looks.. The interface is fairly simple and straightforward, though unmistakably Vodafone branded -- and it could do without the unnecessary bloatware. Customers want operator-branded apps even less than they want manufacturer-branded apps, but Vodafone clearly didn't get that memo. Being Android however, the phone is easy enough to customise. Users will have a choice between a simple and standard home screen, and even if they go for the standard option, Vodafone has included some simple tutorials -- realising, perhaps, that anyone who buys this phone may be an Android rookie.. Ultimately if you look for cheap 4G, the Smart prime 6 is probably the best bet right now. It rivals EE's smaller, but more expensive £100 EE Harrier Mini. What you save in terms of price, you can spend on extra pay as you go credit to take advantage of the in-built 4G tech.. Hands-on with Sky's NOW TV Smart Box. Hands-on with Hasselblad's £6,000 mirrorless X1D camera. Hands-on with the Star Wars R2-D2 toy that's full of charm and fuels nostalgia. Hands-on with Sky's NOW TV Smart Box. Hands-on with Hasselblad's £6,000 mirrorless X1D camera. Hands-on with the Star Wars R2-D2 toy that's full of charm and fuels nostalgia. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Overview Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Not Available | Launch Date in India: Info. 8MP Primary Camera, 2 MP Front Camera. 5.0 inches 720 x 1280 pixels. Quad Core 2.1 GHz and Quad Core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53. Vodafone Smart Prime 6 comes with a 5.0 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Quad Core 2.1 GHz and Quad Core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53, Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410 that is coupled with Adreno 306 GPU,. RAM and 8 GB Storage, 1 GB RAM default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 64 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 sports a 8.0 MegaPixels Camera with Yes, 1080p@30fps, Geo Tagging.. Up front, the smartphone from Vodafone makes use of a 2.0 Megapixels Secondary Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the Vodafone Smart Prime 6 includes Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot, Yes, v4.0, A2DP, Yes, microUSB v2.0, Yes, with A-GPS.. The Vodafone Smart Prime 6 gets the power from a Li-Ion Battery.. The Vodafone Smart Prime 6 runs Android OS, v5.0 Lollipop.. The smartphone is priced at Rs. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v5.0 Lollipop Device type Smart Phone ANNOUNCED Global Release Date 2015, May BODY Dimensions 141.7 x 71.9 x 9 mm Weight 155 g DISPLAY Screen size 5.0 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD PROCESSOR CPU Quad Core 2.1 GHz and Quad Core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Adreno 306 Chipset Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410 STORAGE Internal Storage 8 GB Storage, 1 GB RAM External Storage Up to 64 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, RSS Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 8.0 MegaPixels Camera Front Camera 2.0 Megapixels Secondary Camera Video Recording Yes, 1080p@30fps Camera Features Geo Tagging MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, WAV, eAAC+, FLAC Video Player MP4, XviD, WMV, H.264, H.263 Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Li-Ion Battery Stand by Up to 915 hrs Talk time Up to 18 hrs CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth Yes, v4.0, A2DP Infrared Port NA USB Yes, microUSB v2.0 GPS Facility Yes, with A-GPS Browser Yes, HTML 3G Speed Yes, HSPA+, LTE NETWORK SUPPORT 3G HSDPA 900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 4G LTE 800 / 900 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600 MHz. 3 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. Samsung Galaxy On Nxt (16GB - 3GB RAM). 3 GB 13MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;NjgwMDYxfHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. Vodafone to launch 4G services by 2015 end. Latest Vodafone Smart Prime 6 NEWS. Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
