GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/100 Mbps. 139.2 x 70 x 8.7 mm (5.48 x 2.76 x 0.34 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~70.7% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow), upgradable to 7.1.2 (Nougat). microSD, up to 128 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 64 GB, 4 GB RAM or 32 GB, 3 GB RAM or 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. 13 MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, LED flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Basemark OS II: 946 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 832 Basemark X: 7608. Contrast ratio: 915 (nominal), 2.920 (sunlight). Voice 64dB / Noise 70dB / Ring 72dB. REDMI 4 REDMI 4X REDMI 4X (ID). Also known as Xiaomi Redmi 4X for China, Malaysia, Pakistan, Indonesia. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) - user opinions and reviews. it like as small baby phone, it fitted my hand and pocket..i dont think xiaomi will not produce this kinda size anymore going fwd.. I have this mobilephone for 3 month without any screen protector and no scratch, of course I do not put mobile to pocket with keys.. The keys don't have a backlight display.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Redmi 5A Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi Y1 (Note 5A) Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Xiaomi Redmi 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 (Redmi 5 Plus) Xiaomi Mi A1 Xiaomi Redmi 5A Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). 
ARY News Live Geo News Express News Ten Sports Makkah Live. Mobile Prices Xiaomi Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Chinese technology integrated Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) a smart phone with a difference. The display sports a 5.0-inches IPS LCD capacitive touch screen wit ... Network Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE 2G bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G bands HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 4G bands LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) Speed HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/100 Mbps GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Launch Announced 2017, May Status Available. Released 2017, May Body Dimensions 139.2 x 70 x 8.7 mm (5.48 x 2.76 x 0.34 in) Weight 150 g (5.29 oz) Build Front glass, aluminum body SIM Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by) Display Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~70.7% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density) Multitouch Yes Protection Corning Gorilla Glass (unspecified version) - MIUI 8.0, 9.1 Platform OS Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow), upgradable to 7.1.2 (Nougat) Chipset Qualcomm MSM8940 Snapdragon 435 CPU Octa-core 1.4 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Adreno 505 Memory Card slot microSD, up to 128 GB (uses SIM 2 slot) Internal 64 GB, 4 GB RAM or 32 GB, 3 GB RAM or 16 GB, 2 GB RAM Camera Primary 13 MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, LED flash Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama Video [email. protected] Secondary 5 MP, f/2.2, 1080p Sound Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic Comms WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth 4.2, A2DP, LE GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS Infrared port Yes Radio FM radio USB microUSB 2.0 Features Sensors Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Browser HTML5 Java No - DivX/Xvid/MP4/H.265 player - MP3/WAV/eAAC+/FLAC player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer Battery Non-removable Li-Po 4100 mAh battery Stand-by Up to 432 h (3G) Talk time Up to 36 h (3G) Music play Up to 87 h Tests Performance Basemark OS II: 946 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 832 Basemark X: 7608 Display Contrast ratio: 915 (nominal), 2.920 (sunlight) Camera Photo / Video Loudspeaker Voice 64dB / Noise 70dB / Ring 72dB Audio quality Noise -94.3dB / Crosstalk -94dB Battery life. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Video Review. The xiaomi redmi 4 is the amazing smart device that available now in the cheap rates that Veyron can easily afford that. Xiaomi phone is best in term of speed and huge storage people should try Xiaomi smartphone they will like it.. Prise kia alag alag hn 16gb or 64 gb k. Salam bhai kise ne Ye mobile use kiya hal kiya hai to batao mobile ka result kisa hai batao net speed kise hai is ki. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Chinese technology integrated Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) a smart phone with a difference. The display sports a 5.0-inches IPS LCD capacitive touch screen with a sharper and crispier resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. The Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) also comes with multi touch option and MIUI 8. The users can watch a movie, play a game, or live stream a match or movie. The Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) comes in different RAM variants. You can get a 4 GB RAM, 3 GB RAM, and 2 GB. The built in memory of 16 GB, 32 GB, and 64 GB options are available. Micro SD card support is there that can further extend the space in your phone up to 128 GB (via SIM 2 slot). This is sufficient to process applications, storing data, downloading apps and upgrading them in your Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). The back camera of Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) is packed with a 13 -megapixel on the rear with phase detection, autofocus, and LED Flash. The front camera come with5 MP with 1080p resolution that ensures that your selfies are in HD resolution. The users can facilitate from the amazing photography experience from by using the geo tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, Panorama, and HDR. Running on Android Marsh Mallow OS, the Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) is a perfect Android phone with latest updates. The Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) comes with connectivity features like Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth v4.2, Infrared port, and USB 2.0. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, and Gyroscope. Access the Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) price in Pakistan updated online on this page. Powered by a 4100 mAh non removable battery the phone has enough juice to function for long with frequent recharging. Enjoy using the Redmi 4 (4X) for longer period of time.. full specification & features like front and back camera, battery life, internal. and external memory ram mobile color and other features, also read. reviews, watch video and large front and back images.. Get all the latest updates of. price in Pakistan, Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and other cities in Pakistan.. Bundle of 2 - Data Cable & .. Vintage Leather Case For iP .. USB 2 In 1 Data Cable - Green. Vintage Leather Case for iP .. 
Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) - user opinions and reviews. Pages: « 1 2 3 4 … 72 73 ». miui5a, 17 Feb 2018 i also used both 3s and redmi 4 and did not find any difference in camera quality.. more Please add a coment about redmi 5a camera quality both night and day conditions. miui5a, 17 Feb 2018 i also used both 3s and redmi 4 and did not find any difference in camera quality.. more I would like that it is true but you are wrong. Only redmi note 4x has a 3 different types of sensors sony, samsung and omnivision and redmi 4x has only one sensor samsung sensor. Even that fact that my redmi 4x has samsung sensor the picture quality is so bad that i do not know what to do. When you transfer pictures on full hd computer monitor pictures are without any sharpness and pretty blurred. It was the same with miui 8 and now with miui 9. I have tried even to change the stock xiaomi camera aplication for the google and nokia 8 one but the bad picture quality remained the same. I had also redmi 3s prime 3/32 also with the same samsung sensor but the pictures made with this device were excellent. I shall probably sell this crap phone and shall try to find second hand redmi 3s once again or mi 4. Nik, 16 Feb 2018 You are wrong. The same price range was also redmi 3s which had excellent camera quality. more i also used both 3s and redmi 4 and did not find any difference in camera quality. Please note that xiaomi is selling redmi 4/4x with three different types(makes) of camera sensors. 3)omni vision- average to bad quality. Earlier units(mostly review units were packed with sony sensors...after they started using samsung make sensors...then omni vision which is really bad.so its possible those who unknowingly bought redmi 4 with onmi vision sensor might experience bad picture quality. currently i have redmi 5a(again 13mp) and sensor make is 'samsung'. The navigation nuttons at the bottom - retuyrn, Home and the other one - are they lit up or never can be seen in the dark?. Mackoy, 16 Feb 2018 Is this phone otg ready Yes it is. Nik, 16 Feb 2018 You are wrong. The same price range was also redmi 3s which had excellent camera quality. Don't know why the camera is so bad. Most people say it's the miui9 hasn't improved the camera compared to stock Android.. Anonymous, 16 Feb 2018 remind yourself about the price tag You are wrong. The same price range was also redmi 3s which had excellent camera quality. I had both devices redmi 4x and redmi 3s and redmi 4x has a camera quality like cameras with 3mpx. This is the worst camera quality with 13mpx i have ever seen. If you seerch device with nice camera avoid this crap and try to find second hand redmi 3s. If you have a little more money go for mi 5 or mi 5s.. Anonymous, 14 Feb 2018 Got to agree. for Rs 6999 camera is okay. Anonymous, 14 Feb 2018 Got to agree. remind yourself about the price tag. Ae, 14 Feb 2018 This is the best Battery saving smatphone I have ever used in my life. This is the best Battery saving smatphone I have ever used in my life. I sold my S7bEdge because battery backup was worst. Redmi 4X is best phone for perfomance and battery backup. But camera quality is very bad.. Anonymous, 13 Feb 2018 I experience hearing issue when Mobile Data is turn on. After latest update heating up more. I meant it's heating up more after latest update. Francy, 13 Feb 2018 Within 2 months getting heated too much while calling and other using I experience hearing issue when Mobile Data is turn on. After latest update heating up more.. Within 2 months getting heated too much while calling and other using. Kindly suggest and advice whether I make videos for. My Redmi 4x the sound and voice quality in back ground recording is so poor. i have been using the phone since 8 months..good phone..updates regularly.. Street dog, 05 Feb 2018 My budget is only 7000. Redmi 4 16gb or 5a 32 GB. Which is one good To buy. 5A, it has larger internal memory. Pages: « 1 2 3 4 … 72 73 ». Total of 1444 user reviews and opinions for Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Redmi 5A Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi Y1 (Note 5A) Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Xiaomi Redmi 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 (Redmi 5 Plus) Xiaomi Mi A1 Xiaomi Redmi 5A Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). 
The next video is starting stop. HARD RESET Xiaomi Redmi 4, 4X. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. If it was helpful, you can support us here: https://www.paypal.me/GSMABC In this video tutorial I will show you how to restore yourXiaomi Redmi 4, 4X (Android 6.0) to factory settings from Android Recovery Mode using HARD RESET method. You can use this operation to fix issues like, freezing, running slow, to remove a file or virus or to clear the memory space or if you forget your security code, password, pattern or pin code. - - - WARNING! Before performing a hard reset, make sure you know your Google login and password. If you have Android version 5.1 or higher on your device and you have added a Google account, you might be asked to input the Google account login and password after you perform o software repair.If you cannot provide this information during the setup process, you won't be able to use the device at all after software reset! You do this at your own risk! Make sure your phone battery is fully charged! Better remove the SIM card and memory SD card from your phone before this operation! If you reset or update your phone, all your data may be lost, so it's good to do a full backup before! This method will not upgrade or downgrade the firmware version of your Xiaomi and it will NOT UNLOCK the network lock! This method does not reset the PIN code of the SIM card! If your tab has been ROOTED this method will NOT UNINSTALL the ROOT. TOOLS USED IN THIS VIDEO: For filming I use an old Sony HDR CX220 camera. You can buy the new version from Amazon: http://amzn.to/2rYuGHB (affiliate) For camera support I use Hama Traveller Flex Pro Camera Support. You can buy it from Amazon: http://amzn.to/2si8d96 (affiliate) For editing the videos I use CyberLink PowerDirector 15. You can buy from Amazon: http://amzn.to/2rYCclV (affiliate) SUBSCRIBE ►Youtube: http://goo.gl/56l8B4. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Redmi 4 | Booting Recovery Mode. Xiaomi Redmi 4X Mai132 full hard reset. Cara Mengatasi Lupa Kode Kunci Pola sandi atau pin Redmi Note 4x Tanpa Flash. Hard Reset Xiaomi mi 4. How to unlock mi account, mi frp , mi 4, mi 4a,mi 4x,mi 4l and all mi account remove in minutes. Remove Bypass Mi Account / Deleted / Forgetten Pasword Without Flashing. How to factory reset Redmi 4 [100% safe] ?. Redmi Note 4 Hard reset /Pattern reset. 7 Brilliant Things You Can Do With Your Smartphone. CARA HARD RESET XIAOMI REDMI 4X. Redmi | How to Fix Stuck On Boot Start Screen Problem in Xiaomi Solved bootloop. cara mereset hp xiomi - how to reset smartphone xiomi. WORST things about Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Cons/BAD sides/Reasons/bugs/issues/Problems/review. How to Boot the Xiaomi Redmi 4 into Fastboot Mode. Hard Reset Xiaomi Redmi 4X (LUPA POLA). How To Factory Reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 /4A / 4X - Redmi 4A Hard Reset. How To Unlock Redmi Note 4 Forgotten PIN/Pattern/Password On Xiaomi Redmi all models (100% working). Redmi 4/4x/4A Phone Unlock Pattern Unlock Pin Unlock. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Also known as Xiaomi redmi 4x for china, Xiaomi malaysia, Xiaomi pakistan, Xiaomi indonesia. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) price in Pakistan. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X)'s lowest price in Pakistan is {{productLeastPrices| currency:"Rs. The online store {{storeNameHasLeastPrice}} offers the best price for this Xiaomi Mobile when compared among 7 sellers.. PriceOye DOES NOT sells mobile phones! We only help you save money.. Full Specifications of Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). 5.48 x 2.76 x 0.34 in. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 2 GB RAM or 32 GB 3 GB RAM or 64 GB 4 GB RAM. microSD, up to 128 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). iPhone 6s, but not so expensive. It has a huge battery which is a plus point for many users. Good screen visibility for outdoor usage. None that we can complain about at this price range. The Xiaomi Redmi lineup is one of the most affordable phone series by any manufacturer. The Redmi 4X is as basic as it gets and caters to those who want a smartphone experience but don’t want to churn out a lot of cash for it. Priced at Rs 14,500, the Redmi 4X is the essence of a budget smartphone.. The Xiaomi Redmi 4x is a solid phone with its metal unibody. It gives off a premium feel which is much appreciated amongst the sea of plastic phones at this price point.. As with most Chinese phone makers, they take their inspiration from famous flagships with praised designs. The Redmi 4X takes a page from Apple’s notebook by mimicking the iPhone 6s’ design pattern. The front of the Redmi 4X looks almost identical to the iPhone except for the missing home button. Instead, there are 3 standard capacitive android buttons. A 5-inch IPS LCD screen is the highlight, taking up roughly 70% of the front of the phone. Above the screen is where the earpiece and sensors are located accompanied by the front facing selfie camera.. The back is pretty minimal, with the main camera placed at the upper left corner (just like the iPhone). Below the camera towards the middle is where the fingerprint scanner is located: a comfortable position.. The screen on the Xiaomi Redmi 4X is as basic as they come, no 1080p screen here since that’s reserved for the bigger Redmi 4 Prime. A 5-inch IPS LCD display, with the resolution being 1280*720, meaning you’ll get a passable 294ppi pixel density. The brightness of the Redmi 4X is pretty good with the outside visibility is very good considering the display type and phone tier.. Being an entry level device, there are no fancy dual camera setups on the Redmi 4X just your standard selfie and main cameras. Diving in, we have a 5MP sensor with a f/2.2 aperture with 1080p video recording. That’s pretty welcomed feature giving the price of the phone. The picture quality is as you’d expect from a basic snapper: adequate but not extraordinary.. On the back of the phone is the main 13MP camera which has a f/2.0 aperture, phase detection auto focus, touch-to-focus and an LED flash. It’s a mouthful but basically means you can take great photos in daylight. Sadly, the photo quality kind of deteriorates in the dark.. The hardware on the Redmi 4X is pretty minimal. We have a Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 processor powering all the device tasks. It’s a basic processor with 8 cores running at 1.4GHz, but coupled with 3GB of RAM, they should get the job done for most users buying a phone this cheap. There is 32GB of internal storage available should fit most user’s needs but in case you’re feeling limited, the option to expand it is available via a microSD card. The battery in the Redmi 4X is a monstrous 4,100mAh cell which should easily last 2 days of usage. However, there is no fast charging so it’ll take its time to go up to 100%.. More Mobiles like Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). Signup for our newsletter and get discount vouchers. 
Xiaomi Xiaomi Redmi 4(4x) Price in Bangladesh TK.12990. Xiaomi Redmi 4(4x) Price in Bangladesh TK.12990. Xiaomi Redmi 4(4X) at a Glance. Nowadays Xiaomi has become a very popular smartphone brand in Asia and some other countries.. Xiaomi has remarkably increased their sale in China, India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh. It gets the popularity very fast because of its attractive smartphone features and pricing. They are continuously releasing a brand new smartphone for their customers. Xiaomi Redmi 4X is the latest on for the Xiaomi lovers. This smartphone has launched in May 2017 The phone comes with a 5-inch display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels. Xiaomi Redmi 4(4X) price is very reasonable its attractive features.. 1.4 GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 Processor and RAM is. 5 megapixels where 1080 p capacity video recording. 16 GB internal storage and it. Features: Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, OTG, 3G, and 4G.proximity sensor, accelerometer, ambient light sensor and Gyroscope. Xiaomi Redmi 4(4X) has 1.4 GHz octa-core Quaclomn Snapdragon 435 Processor and it comes with 2 GB RAM. This phone has 16 GB internal storage which can be extended up to 128GB via microSD card. The current users are more conscious about smartphone camera, so Xiaomi Redmi4(4X) provides a 13-megapixel Primary camera on the rear to capture better photo and a 5 Megapixel front shooter for selfies. Although Xiaomi Redmi 4(4X) price is very cheap, they tried to provide a good camera to enjoy the good photography experience.. It runs Android MIUI 8 and it has 41000 mAh non-removal battery. And it measures 139.24 x 69.96 x 8.65 and weight 150g. Moreover, The Xiaomi Redmi 4(4X) is a dual SIM smartphone. Users can use Nano-SIM and Micro-Sim. In connectivity options includes Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, OTG, 3G, and 4G. The sensor on the phone includes a proximity sensor, accelerometer, ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.The sale of Redmi 4(4X) is increasing rapidly not only for its lower price but also its attractive features. Xiaomi Redmi 4(4X) providing the best experience in affordable price.. Xiaomi Redmi 4(4x) price in Bangladesh BDT 12990 (2gb) 14990(3GB). Technology LTE/ GSM / HSPA / EVDO. Dimensions 139.2 x 70 x 8.7 mm. SIM Dual SIM(nano sim or macro sim ,where dual stand by ). Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. Size 5.0 inches ~ 70.7% screen to body ratio. Resolution 720 x 1280 pixel ~294 ppi pixel density. Primary 13MP frequency 2.0 , autofocus, LED flash,phase detection. Features Geo-tagging, touch focus,HDR, face/smile detection, Panorama. Video 1080p at 30 fps. Secondary 5MP frequency 2.2 at 1080p. Card Slot microsSD, up to 128 GB (sim 2 slot use ). *32 GB where 3 GB RAM. *64 GB where 4 GB RAM. Alert Types Vibration, MP3, WAV, Ringtones. WLAN Wi-Fi b/g/n 802.11,hotspot,wifi direct. Sensors Accelerometer, gyro, Fingerprint (rear mounted)proximity,compass. Type Non-removal Li-lon 4100 mAh battery. Talk time 36 hour at the time of using 3G. Colors Gold color , black color. Xiaomi is a Chinese electronic company and it releases the first smartphone in 2011. It is the world’s 4th largest smartphone maker. In the beginning time they served only in Chinese and later on, they started marketing of their smartphone worldwide. Xiaomi Company sold 60 million smartphones in 2014. They are making smartphone, laptop, and tabs. Xiaomi Mobile price, attractive updates and best performance is the main reason for their success. At the First time, Xiaomi launches their smartphone unofficially in Bangladesh in 2013. They could not make a very good profit at that time. However, in 2016 they officially introduce their mobile phone via Grameen Phone. Moreover, Xiaomi gets a very good response in 2016. They reach top mobile brand list in Bangladeshi mobile market. The company largely sells its smartphones via flash sales in India. Xiaomi continuously producing theirs for smartphone users. To get all the latest, upcoming news, Xiaomi mobile price update, specification, reviews in BD, keep your eyes on TechTunePlus. Previous article Google Pixel price in Bangladesh Tk.56000. Next article Samsung Galxay J5 Price in Bngladesh: TK.16500. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Price In Bangladesh: TK.16,000. Xiaomi MI 5S Price In Bangladesh: TK.23900. Xiaomi MI 5 Price In Bangladesh: TK.35,000. Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Price In Bangladesh: TK.12,800. Xiaomi Redmi 3S Price In Bangladesh: TK.8,900. Asus ZenFone 3 ZE520KL Price In Bangladesh: TK.18500. Asus ZenFone 3 DELUXE 5.5 ZS550KL Price In Bangladesh: 24,000. Asus ZenFone 3 DELUXE ZS570KL Price In Bangladesh: TK.49,000. Asus ZenFone 3 LASER ZC551KL Price In Bangladesh: TK.25,000. © Powered by ionMag news theme. 
A password will be e-mailed to you.. All Acer Review Gionee Review HTC Review iPhone Lenovo Review Micromax Review Microsoft Motorola Review Nokia Phones Oppo Samsung SONY. Most Popular Smartphone Samsung Galaxy J1 Review. Latest Smartphone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Review. Latest Phone Device Samsung Galaxy A8 Review. Motorola Moto X Style Smartphone Review. All Acer Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry BLU BQ Cat Phone Celkon Coolpad Dell Gigabyte Gionee HTC Huawei Intex Karbonn Lava Lenovo LG Maxwest Meizu Micromax Microsoft Phones Motorola NIU Nokia OnePlus Oppo Phones. How to Hard Reset Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Smartphone. How to Hard Reset Xiaomi Mi A1 Smartphone. How to Hard Reset LG V30 Phone when Locked Out. How to Hard Reset Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Smartphone. Device Reset – Free Device Problem Solution Tips Provider. How to Hard Reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Smartphone. Reset How to Hard Reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Smartphone. [Device Reset]-How to Hard Reset Xiaomi Redmi 3 Pro. [Device Reset]-How to Hard Reset Xiaomi Mi 5. [Device Reset]-How to Hard Reset Xiaomi Mi 4s. Process 1: Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Soft Reset. Process 2: Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Factory Reset Using Setting. Process 3: Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Hard Reset Using Button. Here the hard reset guideline for Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). I think you are the android use facing a problem, and you want to fix it. We find a lot of problem in android phone. In the morning, someone calls me; he tells me that he wears a big problem he cannot install any apps. When he was going to install any apps, he gets an error notification, and that is Application not installed. He tried to install many apps, but all apps give the information. He asked me that what the solution of this problem is. Then I tell him to do a hard reset of his phone so that he can release this issue. Not only this issue but also another problem like freezing, not responding app or respond later, hanging problem, auto-stop app, Wi-Fi does not work, etc. These problems can solve via hard reset. Our hard reset process is easy. If you follow our hard reset guideline, you will fix your problem quickly. A soft reset is a straightforward and easiest process to reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). If you use soft resetting method, you won’t lose any data from your cell phone. This process doesn’t solve any major problem, but it helps to solve a minor problem.. If you want to lose any personal data from your mobile device storage you use soft reset. After using soft reset, your problem doesn’t solve you apply hard resetting process.. Press and hold Power Button and Touch Power off the menu to shut down your mobile device.. After complete shut down remove the back cover, battery, SIM card and SD card .. Wait 15 seconds and put all removable things.. If process one didn’t work, you could use process 2 to reset your cell phone.This process only uses if your mobile device hangs, the application is n’t working, you rightly don’t use, etc. For your kind information while your cell phone pattern locked you don’t use factory reset because if the smartphone is pattern locked you don’t go to setting menu on your mobile device. If you use factory reset process, you will lose all valuable data in your phone storage. Watch the factory reset process below:. How To Backup Android Phones Using 4 Easy Methods. Turn on Xiaomi Mi Max smartphone and touch the menu button and go to setting menu .. Then go to Backup & reset menu and touch the option.. Now you got Factory data reset option and touch the option also.. Touch the Reset device option and touch it.. At last, you got Delete all / Erase everything. Now , hit the option. Your phone will delete all data, and the phone will reboot. You have the complete factory reset.. When you failed process 1, process two then you can use method 3. I mean Hard reset using the button. Because this process has some risk, while you hard reset your smartphone, you will lose all valuable data like image, video, contact number, document. hard reset backup all data on your PC or SD card.. We are already showing you how to backup android data. Ok, let’s see the hard reset steps.. How To Root Android Phone Via 3 Easy Methods. Turn off you new smartphone Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) and remove all SIM card or SD card.. Now insert battery and press VOL UP. When you can see on your mobile phone screen MI logo, then release. Now you can get language menu and use VOL DOWN Key and select language English , then press POWER KEY to confirm.. After few second you will get MI Recovery mode, then select “Wipe & Reset” using VOL DOWN Key and press POWER KEY to confirm.. Again use VOL DOWN and select “Wipe All Data”. and press POWER KEY to confirm.. Now select Yes using VOL DOWN KEY and press POWER KEY to confirm.. Wait until complete few second your wipe data reset is complete and then select reboot and press POWER KEY to confirm.. Again press POWER KEY to confirm. Now your phone device will be reset, and your phone problem resolved.. Warning: This process was erasing everything without informing you. Because, while you hard reset, the mobile device will be reboot. So, make sure that your mobile device is fully ready to format.. Smartphone user any time anywhere faced problems with his smartphone. We are trying to provide you the solution of that problem. ‍So that you can repair your smartphone at home without any cost.. TAGS android solution factory reset factory reset tips hard reset how to mi hard reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) factory reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) hard reset Xiaomi Redmi hard reset. Hallo, I am Rajib Mozumdar and I am a Professional Blogger. This is specially created by all Electronic Device users. Here I provide all kind of device features and problems solution tips. I hope you are enjoy using this site.. How to Hard Reset Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Smartphone. How to Hard Reset Xiaomi Mi A1 Smartphone. How to Hard Reset LG V30 Phone when Locked Out. How to Hard Reset Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Smartphone. How to Hard Reset / Factory Reset Samsung Galaxy J7. How to Hard Reset Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro Smartphone. How To Bypass Any Android Phone FRP Lock By DG Unlocker.... All Samsung Android Device Reset Tool For Pattern Lock Unlock. How To Remove Android Monkey Virus Using “Cleaner” Tools Full Version. Android Flash Tool Odin Download Latest Version. © Copyright By DeviceReset 2017. How To Hard Reset XOLO Win Q1000 With Restore. Smart Strategies To Hard Reset LG G4c. 
Download Google Installer 3.0 for Xiaomi. Download Custom Kernel for Redmi 4X. How to Get Google Pixel 2 Launcher for Mi A1 (no root). How to unbrick and fix Xiaomi Mi4i. How to flash Global MIUI ROM on Mi Mix 2. How to restore Redmi 5A with MiPhoneManager. Which Xiaomi Phone is Right For You?. [Review] Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 vs Pro Version. Can the Xiaomi Redmi 3 Compete with the iPhone X. Methods of Pairing Xiaomi MIUI Phones with TV. Method 1: How to connect Xiaomi MIUI phone to TV with feature of DLNA enabled?. Method 2: How to connect Xiaomi Redmi 4X and Redmi Note 3 phone to TV by going wireless?. Method 3: How to connect Xiaomi Redmi 4X phone to TV by using a wire (recognized as HDMI)?. How to connect Xiaomi Redmi 4, 4X and 4A to TV. One of the most popular features in Xiaomi Redmi 4 phone is the greater connectivity to TV. Within no time, your phone becomes a wireless remote control of your TV and helps you to connect with the world on a much wider screen than your phone. The users simply love the experience of watching their favorite videos and movies by connecting the phone to TV. There are several ways to do it. Check your smartphone’s settings and your TV connectivity to know which method is the most suitable to follow. The methods below cover Wi-Fi and non-Wi-Fi connections of your TV with tips on how to perform the steps.. Visit the iMediaShare app from your Google play store and download the app on your mobile phone. Complete the setup of the app on your Redmi 4 phone. Check if your TV’s WiFi connection supports your home router; if yes, get it connected. In other cases, you may directly click the WiFi Direct option and connect your smartphone to your TV directly. For doing so, find the settings on your TV. Switch on the app; go to your source (phone gallery) where the images or videos are saved. Your TV must be able to detect the connected phone. As soon as your TV detects your phone, it will begin streaming the video from your Redmi 4.. Switch on the WiFi Direct feature of your TV. A list of available TVs will pop up. Go to settings option from your Redmi phone. Select the option of wireless and networks. Click wireless display on your screen. As soon as you do the 4th step, your TV will show you your Phone’s screen. Check for your TV’s HDMI slot. It is usually at the back of your TV. Connect the HDMI cable with your Redmi 4 phone and your TV. Enjoy watching all the files stored on your phone directly from your TV screen. To talk in brief, you may connect your Xiaomi Redmi 4X, 4A, Redmi Note 3 Pro, Mi5 phone and most other MIUI smartphones to your TV by the following steps:. USB cable connected from the HDMI port of your TV to your smartphone. Connecting the USB cable to your USB port of your TV and the smartphone. Using the slim port of those smartphones that lack a TV interface.. Hope you are all set to make your smartphone friendly with your TV. Enjoy all your favorite images, movies, and funny videos send by your friends on a screen 10 times bigger than your phone. Xiaomi Redmi 4X is one of the simplest and smartest phones that help you connect with other devices at much convenience.. Connect to TV HDMI miui Redmi Redmi 4X Screen Mirroring. Previous Article Download MIUI 9 Developer ROM for Mi 5X. Next Article Download China Open Beta MIUI 9 ROM for Redmi 4X. Resourceful, creative and passionate is my style of work!. Download Android 8 Oreo Custom ROMs for Redmi 4X. Ultimate Custom ROM Flashing Guide for Redmi 4X. [Guide] How to update Redmi 4X to MIUI 9 ROM. How to fix video recording on Redmi 4X Custom ROMs. How to extract MIUI Flash system files from Redmi 4 ROM. How to Install Viper OS on Xiaomi Redmi 4X. Where can I buy the cable that join redmi note 4 to tv, and price, please advise.Thank you for your time.. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply. Your email address will not be published.. How to unbrick and fix Xiaomi Mi4i. How to flash Global MIUI ROM on Mi Mix 2. How to restore Redmi 5A with MiPhoneManager. Download Google Installer 3.0 for Xiaomi. Download Custom Kernel for Redmi 4X. How to Get Google Pixel 2 Launcher for Mi A1 (no root). Download Custom ROMs for Redmi Note 5A. MIUI9 Global Stable ROM 9.2.3.0 for Redmi 4X. Download Android 8 Oreo Custom ROMs for Redmi 4X. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 (Android 8.1) for Xiaomi Mi 5s. How to unbrick and fix Xiaomi Mi4i. Unlock bootloader and flash TWRP on Meizu M6 Note. How to flash Global MIUI ROM on Mi Mix 2. How to restore Redmi 5A with MiPhoneManager. How to flash TWRP Recovery with Linux Ubuntu. [Review] What’s Great About Xiaomi Mi A1?. [Review] Xiaomi Mi Max 2 4G Phablet. Xiaomi Announces Smartphones with “AI-Driven Apps”. 10 Reasons Why We Love MIUI 9. Officially headed by Frederick Jerome, our blog is your go-to destination for all things Xiaomi. Whether you’re simply looking for tips and tricks, this is the place you’ll want to be for Xiaomi-related topics. Giving you the best guides and downloads that you can’t find anywhere else.. We will show you how to get the most out of your device in a easy step-by-step way.. Disclaimer: We are not affiliated and not sponsored by Xiaomi. 
Home » hard reset xiaomi. » How to Hard Reset | Factory Reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) to Remove Forgotten Pattern Lock Screen.. How to Hard Reset | Factory Reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) to Remove Forgotten Pattern Lock Screen.. How to Hard Reset | Factory Reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) to Remove Forgotten Pattern Lock Screen.. Hard reset on Android device is also known as with factory reset, it will delete everything stored in phone internal memory. Hard reset will restore your device to the default factory setting. So, if you have any problem with your Android phone e.g Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). You can try to fix it by performing a hard reset. For example, you have forgotten the pattern lock previously set on your. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X), or your device becomes slowly when running any Android apps.. Before performing a hard reset on. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) , make sure any important data backed up at the external storage from your phone. This will avoid you lose everything, also your Google. And now, this guide will explain to you how to perform a hard reset on. If your Android device runs on Android 5.1 or higher, you must remember your Google login and password information.. you might be asked to input the Google account login and password after a hard reset process done. Make sure your device run on enough battery power, at least has 75% of battery capacity. This guide also applies to many other Xiaomi. models, and this method will remove the pattern lock screen, PIN, and fingerprint. first, you need to power off the. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) via Power button. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) completely power off, then power On the phone again by press and hold the following button simultaneously. Then, release all button on your finger if you see MI Logo comes up on the screen. and wait for a few seconds. Reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) - Mi logo. And now your phone will enter the service menu. Generally, it will show you in the Chinese. Reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) - chinese menu. To change the language into English just tap this menu. Reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) - English menu. From the English language, tap the recovery menu to enter recovery mode. Then, you will have a warning that says "Do you really want to enter recovery mode?. Just wait for a second, now your Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) will enter recovery mode. recovery mode xiaomi redmi 4 (4X). (use a volume down button to navigate between menu, and the power button to confirm). Then tap Wipe All Data.. Now, you will see a confirm wipe all data on your screen, to. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X), tap Confirm. Now, wait a few seconds again. The system will start processing wipe all data on Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). Once the hard reset process is done, you will see a notification that says, Data Wiped Successfully. Now, select Back to Main Menu. Then, select Reboot to reboot your device. 0 Response to "How to Hard Reset | Factory Reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) to Remove Forgotten Pattern Lock Screen.". 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. For Xiaomi Redmi 4A Note 4 4X Soft Rubber Gel Shockproof Protective Case Cover G. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. For Xiaomi Redmi 4A Note 4 4X Soft Rubber Gel Shockproof Protective Case Cover G. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. sttoo has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. Approximately US $3.09 (including shipping). Does not ship to Singapore. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. The seller has not specified a shipping method to Singapore. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request shipping to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Excludes: Africa, Central America and Caribbean, Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Laos, Macau, Malaysia, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam, Bolivia, Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas), French Guiana, Guyana, Paraguay, Peru, Suriname, Bermuda, Greenland, Mexico, Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Lebanon, Yemen, Armenia, Azerbaijan Republic, Bangladesh, Bhutan, China, Georgia, India, Kyrgyzstan, Maldives, Mongolia, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, American Samoa, Cook Islands, Fiji, French Polynesia, Guam, Kiribati, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Nauru, New Caledonia, Niue, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, Wallis and Futuna, Western Samoa, Andorra, Austria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Germany, Gibraltar, Guernsey, Jersey, Liechtenstein, Macedonia, Malta, Moldova, Monaco, Montenegro, Romania, San Marino, Serbia, Svalbard and Jan Mayen, Switzerland, Vatican City State. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 48.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. This item does not ship to Singapore. Will ship within 15 business days of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. The seller has specified an extended handling time for this item.. After receiving the item, contact seller within. Immediate payment required for this item. Immediate payment of AU $3.95 is required.. Feedback on sttoo from others who bought this item. Fine product, got it very fast. Top 5 iPhone 4 Cases ,. Your Guide to Buying a Full Body Skin for Your iPhone ,. 7 Stylish cases for your iPhone 4S ,. 5 Things to Consider when Buying an iPhone Case ,. How to Buy an iPhone 3GS Case ,. How to Buy an iPhone 4 Case on eBay ,. 7 Tips on Purchasing an OtterBox Case for Your Kindle Fire ,. How to Make a Photo Phone Case ,. Top 5 Cases for the iPhone 4. Matte Cases, Covers & Skins for Xiaomi Redmi Note ,. Nillkin Cases, Covers & Skins for Xiaomi Redmi Note ,. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 Cases, Covers & Skins ,. Hybrid Cases for Xiaomi Redmi Note ,. Glossy Cases, Covers & Skins for Xiaomi Redmi Note ,. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Cases, Covers & Skins. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Search Images Maps Play YouTube News Gmail Drive More ». Apps My apps Shop Games Family Editors' Choice Movies My movies Shop Studios Books My books Shop Audiobooks Comics Entertainment. Account My subscriptions Redeem Buy gift card My wishlist My Play activity Parent Guide Privacy. Daydream Android Wear Art & Design Auto & Vehicles Beauty Books & Reference Business Comics Communication Dating Education Entertainment Events Finance Food & Drink Health & Fitness House & Home Libraries & Demo Lifestyle Maps & Navigation Medical Music & Audio News & Magazines Parenting Personalization Photography Productivity Shopping Social Sports Tools Travel & Local Video Players & Editors Weather Games Action Adventure Arcade Board Card Casino Casual Educational Music Puzzle Racing Role Playing Simulation Sports Strategy Trivia Word Family Ages 5 & Under Ages 6-8 Ages 9 & Up Action & Adventure Brain Games Creativity Education Music & Video Pretend Play. Theme for Xiaomi Redmi 4 / 4X. Launcher Theme for Redmi 4 / 4X is amazing new Theme which will set a new brand look for your Smartphone, and will beautify your Cell phone Screen. If you are fed up of old lame looks of Mobile phone then go ahead and download this new Launcher Theme for Redmi 4 / 4X and enjoy the new ravishing looks of this theme. It is inspired by latest mobile Redmi 4 / 4X. It includes the following list of Launchers 1. Holo Launcher It includes a stock of beautifull wallpapers with dashing menu icons package. How to use? Install Launcher Theme for Redmi 4 / 4X > Tap on Apply Theme button > Choose launcher > Install it if it is not installed in your cell phone >If u want to change the background wallpaper then click wallpapers button to choose and apply new wallpaper > TO check the looks of theme Tap on Theme info button. For any kinds of update and information or feedback kindly mail us via Developer email. 5 33. 4 4. 3 6. 2 3. 1 4. It has a good colour view n modern look.. Very good condition with all the time best. messi the messiah September 8, 2017. It has a good colour view n modern look.. Vinay Vishwakarma September 4, 2017. tech and open August 20, 2017. Very good condition with all the time best. Sushil Kumar November 30, 2017. M MC September 24, 2017. Email thememania480@gmail.com Privacy Policy. RoadLinkApps Free. The brand new Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Launcher is an excellent App.. Me&Art Android Theme Designer Free. Customize everything beyond imagination with Redmi Note 4 Colorful Theme. MixApplications Free. Your #1 choice to edit Xiaomi (MIUI) themes Stop your ads blocker to run it.. MIUI9 Theme - Icon Pack, Wallpapers, Launcher. All In One Launcher Free. MIUI9 for all android device, themes store, wallpapers store. Theme for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. IamThemer Free. Download this bezel-less keyboard theme for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. Keyboard Design Paradise Free. Keyboard for Mi A1 keyboard will make your phone cooler and smarter!. NEXT GENERATION BUDDIES Free. HD wallpapers of Mi Note 5 wallpaper, Mi A1 wallpaper & Mi Note 5 Pro wallpaper. Theme for Xiaomi Mi Max 2/ Mi6. Theme Mania Free. Set a brilliant view to Mobile phone via Launcher Theme for Xiaomi Mi Max 2/ Mi6. Super Android Themes Free. This theme transform your phone into MIUI 9 Luxory Style. MixApplications Free. MIUI theme Creator is your #1 choice to create Xiaomi's themes simply & easily. Fabulous App Free. M10 Launcher like MIUI is style themes 2018, with flat design cool.. New Launcher 2018 - Launcher 2018 New Versions Free. TTA Mi Myanmar Font MIUI 9.2+. Than Toe Aung Free. Change Myanmar Font Any Mi Phones MIUI 9.2+. Basine Std Free. Mi Launcher for Galaxy is help your phone can use launcher as galaxy, it great.. Xiaomi Mi A1- APUS Launcher theme. CoolAppPub Free. This free beautiful theme is specially designed to make APUS Launcher stylish.. MIUI 9 icons pack , Launcher Miui 9 Free. Smart Launcher Corp Free. MIUI 9 icons pack, Miui 9 Launcher Free. malam Free. Beautiful icon packs, hd wallpapers, launcher and theme for Xiaomi Mi Max. Theme for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus / 7s. Theme Mania Free. Improve the looks of your Mobile via Launcher Theme for iPhone 7 / 7 Plus / 7s. Theme for Xiaomi Mi Max 2/ Mi6. Theme Mania Free. Set a brilliant view to Mobile phone via Launcher Theme for Xiaomi Mi Max 2/ Mi6. Photo Furbish - Image Editor, Blur Effects. Theme Mania Free. Set a new amazing look to your Photos with this new sensational App. Theme Mania Free. Set a Divine launcher Theme for Huawei Mate 10 HD Wallpaper free. Theme for Apple IPhone 8 Wallpaper HD. Theme Mania Free. Install Theme for Apple IPhone 8, iOS 11 and set a Tantalizing look for Mobile. Theme Mania Free. Set a ravishing look for Smartphone via Launcher Theme for HTC U11. Theme Mania Free. Set an Elegent view for Smartphone via Launcher Theme for Samsung Galaxy J5 2017. Theme Mania Free. Download a pleasant Launcher Theme for ZTE Blade V9, free best HD wallpapers. Theme Mania Free. Download a spectacular Launcher Theme for Huawei P smart, free HD wallpapers. Theme for Xiaomi Mi Max 3. Theme Mania Free. Set an attractive Launcher Theme for Xiaomi Mi Max 3, free HD wallpapers. Theme for Vivo X20 Plus UD. Theme Mania Free. Get a stunning Launcher Theme for Vivo X20 Plus UD with free best HD wallpapers. Theme for Motorola Moto E5 / X5 / G6 Plus. Theme Mania Free. Set a beauteous Makeover to your Mobiles via Launcher Theme for Motorola Moto E5. Theme Mania Free. Set a divine Launcher Theme for Huawei Honor 7x, free HD, 4k wallpapers. Theme Mania Free. Prettify you phone screen via Launcher Theme for Huawei Honor V10. Theme Mania Free. Set an amazing HD Launcher Theme for Vivo Xplay7 V7, free Wallpapers. Theme for HTC U11 Plus Life. Theme Mania Free. Set graceful Launcher Theme for HTC U11 Plus Life, free HD wallpapers. ©2018 Google Site Terms of Service Privacy Developers About Google All prices include GST.. By purchasing this item, you are transacting with Google Payments and agreeing to the Google Payments Terms of Service and Privacy Notice .. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi. Redmi Note 4 Redmi Note 4 Leather Xiaomi Redmi Note 4x. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. Related Recommendations Recommended Products for You. Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought. Leather Phone Cover Case for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 / 4X. Scan the QR code to buy:. 1.Download our FREE app on Google play or App Store.. 2.Launch the app and scan the QR code to buy directly.. 2.Add product(s) marked with to your Cart.. 3.Open our app, and go to your Cart.. 4.Pay for your order for an immediate discount!. Shipping fee will not be included in the instalment amount. Orders contain interest-free products and other Non-interest-free products will not enjoy insterest-free privilege. Receipient’s address must be Brazil to use instalment. LeeHUR TPU Back Cover Case for Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A. Transparent TPU Soft Phone Case for Xiaomi Redmi N.... Naxtop Soft Phone Cover Case for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. ASLING Case for Xiaomi Redmi 4X. ASLING Brushed Finish Soft Phone Case for Xiaomi M.... Anti-fingerprint Phone Case for Xiaomi Mi6. Luanke Armour Series Protective Stand Case for Xia.... Transparent TPU Phone Case for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4.... TOCHIC TPU Protective Soft Case for Xiaomi Redmi N.... leeHUR Transparent Drop Resistance Phone Case. Nillkin Full Body Protective Case for Xiaomi Redmi.... Luanke Scratch-proof Cover Case for Xiaomi Mi A1. Ultra Thin Soft TPU Transparent Case for Xiaomi Mi.... TOCHIC TPU Protective Soft Case for Xiaomi Mi A1. Leather Phone Cover Case for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 / 4X. Get these Essentials for Your Product. Main Features: ● Full cover edge design ● Antifriction and skid resistance ● Professional technology. Compatible Model: Redmi Note 4 / 4X. Package size (L x W x H): 15.70 x 8.00 x 1.40 cm / 6.18 x 3.15 x 0.55 inches. FAQ for Leather Phone Cover Case for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 / 4X. Sponsored Products Related to This Item. Is it compatible for Xiaomi Redmi 4X Smartphone? Or just the Xiaomi Redmi Note 4?. By Emanuel Nov-26/2017 01:11:59. Hello Emanuel, Please note that the item is suitable for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 and Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X.. Is it suitable for Xiaomi Redmi 4X Pro?. By claudia Nov-13/2017 05:11:47. Hello claudia, No ,this item is just suitable for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 / 4X .. Does this case fit the Redmi Note 4 global version?. By Michael Sep-03/2017 02:09:29. Hello Michael, This item is just suitable for Xiaomi Redmi 4 / 4X .. Is it compatible for Xiaomi Redmi 4X Smartphone? Or just the Xiaomi Redmi Note 4?. By Emanuel Nov-26/2017 01:11:59. Hello Emanuel, Please note that the item is suitable for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 and Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X.. Is it suitable for Xiaomi Redmi 4X Pro?. By claudia Nov-13/2017 05:11:47. Hello claudia, No ,this item is just suitable for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 / 4X .. Does this case fit the Redmi Note 4 global version?. By Michael Sep-03/2017 02:09:29. Hello Michael, This item is just suitable for Xiaomi Redmi 4 / 4X .. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. 3 Questions & Answers View All. Original Elephone Anti-drop TPU Phone Back Case fo.... Original Elephone PU Leather Full Body Case Protec.... Original Elephone U Scratch-resistant PC Back Case. Original Elephone U / U Pro Scratch-resistant Prot.... Original Elephone U PRO Scratch-resistant Cover Case. Original Elephone U Pro Fast Charger Adapter. Elephone Blitz Qualcomm Certification 3.0 Power Ad.... Elephone P4000 MTK6735 64bit Android 5.1 4G LTE Sm.... Elephone P8 3D 4G Phablet 4GB RAM. Base on 14 Customer Reviews. Share your thoughts with other customers Write a review. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: La funda queda perfectamente al celular, y es muy cómoda Cons: Nada. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Joli et bien fini, bien adapté au Redmi Note 4x. Cons: Les boutons sur le côté du téléphone sont quasiment inaccessibles. Mérite une amélioration pour ne pas s\'abîmer les doigts et s\'énerver.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Cons: die abgezeichneten Löcher für Volumen und Startbutton müssten mit einer kleinen Nagelschere ausgeschnitten werden.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Cons: Volumen und Startbutton sind bei mir rechte Seite. Die Löcher dafür sind nicht gestanzt. Da sie aber eingeprägt sind, können sie mit einer kleinen Nagelschere leicht ausgeschnitten werden.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: very nice colour, spots for two credit cards. very nice design Cons: took more than one month to arrive in romania. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: buen material y barato Cons: puede ser más barato. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Bardzo dobrze wykonane etui, dobre materiały, idealne spasowanie z dedykowanym telefonem Cons: brak. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: De buena calidad y le da exacto a mi xiaomi note 4 Cons: ninguno. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: So beautiful and class cover for cheap phone Cons: None cons for this product everything is fine with it. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 Next Go To : GO. Pros: La funda queda perfectamente al celular, y es muy cómoda Cons: Nada. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: very nice colour, spots for two credit cards. very nice design Cons: took more than one month to arrive in romania. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Bardzo dobrze wykonane etui, dobre materiały, idealne spasowanie z dedykowanym telefonem Cons: brak. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: De buena calidad y le da exacto a mi xiaomi note 4 Cons: ninguno. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: So beautiful and class cover for cheap phone Cons: None cons for this product everything is fine with it. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Funzionale, carina ed economica Cons: Da valutare nel tempo la qualità della pelle. Is this helpful? Yes ( 1 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: De buena calidad y le da exacto a mi xiaomi note 4 Cons: ninguno. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). After confirming your payment, we usually ship products out within 24 business hours. However, sometimes due to large transaction volumes or other order issues, we may require up to 3 working days to process orders. You will receive a notification email as soon as your product(s) have been dispatched.. Unregistered Air Mail or Registered Air Mail. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. Netherlands, Greece, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. GW Warehouse: Typically 3-5 days to the UK, 3-7 days to other European countries. USA Warehouse: Generally, 3-7 days to a USA address. ES Warehouse: Generally, 2-5 days to the Spain, 3-7 days to the Portugal. Shipping from warehouse nearest to shipping address is faster. Note: The above shipping time are calculated by using calendar days. This is a general guide and delays maybe caused force majeure, natural disasters, inclement weather, war, public holidays, and factors outside our control. The most convenient payment method in the world.. For orders which exceed $1,500,please contact us at support@gearbest.com. Note: please email us the order number,the amount transferred along with currency type,and the exact date of the wire transfer.. Please contact us at support@gearbest.com for details. Note: please email us the following information after you have paid via Westem Union: · Control Number(10 digits) · The exact amount sent along with the currency · Name of sender. There are two key factors which will affect the time you receive your items.. Gearbest.com accepts PayPal,Credit Cards,Wire Transfer and Westem Union as secure payment methods.. *Please let us know as much as possible about your inquiry so that we can assist you with your specific needs. We are always happy to help wherever possible.. Please note: the standard and expedited shipping costs are only estimates; the actual shipping price will be shown on the order page.. At Gearbest we work hard to ensure we can offer our customers high quality products at the lowest possible price. If you purchase a Gearbest product and find that the price has dropped within 72 hours of paying the order, we will refund the difference - no questions asked. Simply contact our Customer Service team at our Support Center with the details. Please note that our 72 hours Price Protection Program does not apply to Flash Deal products.. Prices may fluctuate due to page caches, updates or sales ending; the most up-to-date price takes priority.. ALL prices listed on GearBest exclude taxes, import fees, and customs duties. Customers may be subject to these fees.. Vaild for 72 Hour(s) after receiving.please check it in your GB Account - My Coupon .. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. People who viewed this item also viewed. Ytaland Full Cover Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 / 4X. For Xiaomi Redmi 4 4X 3D Full Cover 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film NEW. 2Pcs 9H Premium Real Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. 3D Full Cover 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4X. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4X 3D Full Cover 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4X 3D Full Cover 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film. Photos not available for this variation. Mouse over to Zoom - Click to enlarge. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4X 3D Full Cover 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film. 15 sold in last 24 hours. Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tab. Share on Pinterest - opens in a new window or tab. beauty-sunshine15 has no other items for sale.. Please enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less. Please enter a quantity of 1. Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyer. Please enter quantity of 1 or more. Choose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$. You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$. Approximately US $0.78 (including shipping). Small Packets - International - Air. See details about international shipping here. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. Items shipping internationally may be subject to customs processing depending on the item's declared value.. Sellers set the item's declared value and must comply with customs declaration laws.. Buyers may be subject to additional charges for customs clearance.. Visit eBay's page on international trade .. help icon for Shipping - opens a layer. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. No additional import charges on delivery. help icon for Estimated delivery date - opens a layer. Varies for items shipped from an international location. Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping and import charges paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. International shipping paid to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Any international shipping is paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. Learn More - opens in a new window or tab. Covered by eBay Money Back Guarantee. See details - opens in a new window or tab. Get the item you ordered or get your money back. Covers your purchase price and original shipping.. Report item - opens in a new window or tab. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. 9H Hardness, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Shatter, Glossy, Tempered Glass. For Xiaomi Redmi 4X, For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X, For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is. Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions - opens in a new window or tab. 2016.01 2016.03 2016.04 2016.05 2016.06 2016.07 2016.08 2016.09 2016.10 2016.11. Look here, $ 0.01 Crafts & Jewelry Accessories. Bead Caps Charms&Penda nts Clasps&Hooks Connectors&B ails Crip&End Beads Earring Findings Jump&Split Rings Pins&Needles Thread,Cords ,Chains&Wire s Spacer Beads Bags/Storage /Boxes. Acrylic Beads Agate/Gemsto ne Beads Coral Beads Crystal Beads Flatback Beads. Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.. This item will ship to Singapore , but the seller has not specified shipping options. Contact the seller - opens in a new window or tab and request a shipping method to your location.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Excludes: Central America and Caribbean, Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan Republic, Bhutan, China, Georgia, India, Nepal, American Samoa, Cook Islands, Fiji, French Polynesia, Guam, Kiribati, Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Nauru, New Caledonia, Niue, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, Wallis and Futuna, Western Samoa, Albania, Andorra, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Gibraltar, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Moldova, Monaco, Montenegro, San Marino, Serbia, Svalbard and Jan Mayen, Vatican City State, Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Laos, Macau, Malaysia, Taiwan, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas), French Guiana, Guyana, Paraguay, Suriname, Uruguay, Venezuela, Bermuda, Greenland, Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Algeria, Angola, Benin, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Cape Verde Islands, Central African Republic, Chad, Comoros, Congo, Democratic Republic of the, Congo, Republic of the, Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast), Djibouti, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Gabon Republic, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Lesotho, Liberia, Libya, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mayotte, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, Niger, Nigeria, Reunion, Rwanda, Saint Helena, Senegal, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, Somalia, Swaziland, Tanzania, Togo, Tunisia, Uganda, Western Sahara, Zambia, Zimbabwe, Bahrain, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Qatar, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Yemen. No additional import charges at delivery!. This item will be shipped through the Global Shipping Program and includes international tracking. Learn more - opens in a new window or tab. Please enter a number less than or equal to 898.. Please enter a valid ZIP Code.. Please enter 5 or 9 numbers for the ZIP Code.. Small Packets - International - Air. Varies for items shipped from an international location. * Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially during peak periods.. After receiving the item, contact seller within. Feedback on beauty-sunshine15 from others who bought this item. The non-colored ones are not made of glass, but plastic, though they work.. Got the item fast and with good quality. fast shipping, not very good product. Did not ship.The seller Is a bot.Do not buy from him.. one of them came with a broken top. I bought for note 4 and it doesn't fit perfectly. I bought for note 4 and it doesn't fit perfectly. the item it is NOT for Redmi NOTE 4x it is smaller..!!!!!!. the item it is NOT for Redmi NOTE 4x it is smaller..!!!!!!. the glass protector is not fingerprint proof and it does not exactly fit myphone. Item smaller than should be-not fitting to Redmi Note 4. Not suitable for Redmi Note 4. The glass lasted for 6 hours, then broke.. The shop is fine, but the product is very low quality.. Not full cover , do not have wipes for cleaning. How to Pick a Screen Protector and Case for the Vita. Tempered Glass Screen Protectors for Xiaomi Redmi Note ,. Tempered Glass Screen Protectors for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 ,. Tempered Glass Screen Protectors for Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 ,. Unbranded/Generic Screen Protectors for Xiaomi Redmi Note ,. Washable Screen Protectors for Xiaomi Redmi Note ,. Reusable Screen Protectors for Xiaomi Redmi Note. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Xiaomi Redmi 4 4X specs & features, price in Pakistan. Xiaomi Mobiles Xiaomi Redmi 4 4X specs & features, rate in Pakistan 2018. Release Date: 2017, May Views: 3445. Xiaomi Redmi 4 4X Price in Pakistan. Sell Used Xiaomi Redmi 4 4X. Buy Used Xiaomi Redmi 4 4X. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. Dual Sim, 4G GSM / HSDPA / LTE. Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow), 16 GB, 2 GB RAM or 32 GB, 3 GB RAM or 64. 13 MP + 5 MP, f/2.2, 1080p. Xiaomi sets price < 5000 Rs. Xiaomi sets price 5000 to 10000 Rs. Xiaomi sets price 10000 to 15000 Rs. Xiaomi sets price 15000 to 25000 Rs. Xiaomi sets price 25000 to 35000 Rs. Xiaomi sets price 35000 to 45000 Rs. Xiaomi sets price > 45000 Rs.. Redmi 4 (4X) Price in Pakistan. Market Retail price without discount Rs. - Xiaomi Redmi 4 4X best price in Pakistan is Rs. 11000 Pakistani Rupees (PKR). - One can buy Xiaomi Redmi 4 4X pin pack from the best online stores or local shops, whichever offering cheapest price.. - Always confirm mobile specs, features, warranty, shipping cost and delivery time from the seller before you pay for Xiaomi Redmi 4 4X .. - Some online stores sell used and refurbished models as well, so check Redmi 4 (4X) details from the seller before ordering.. - We do not sell any mobile phone but help you to buy best mobile at cheapest price.. What mobile / Which Mobile? If Xiaomi Redmi 4 4X specs are not as per your requirements? Find your desired mobile by selecting right features, price, specs using our advance mobile search facility.. Compare Compare Microsoft Lumia 540 with any other mobile and see What mobile has better specs and prices and suits you more.. Feedback In case of any mistake in Xiaomi Redmi 4 4X prices, photos, specs, please help us using our contact us page.. Redmi 4 (4X) Accessories, model specs, features, themes, ringtones, wallpapers. Post comments about Xiaomi Redmi 4 4X. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 GSM 900 / 1800 - India. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - China CDMA2000 1xEV-DO & TD-SCDMA - China HSDPA 900 / 2100 - India. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) - China LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 40(2300), 41(2500) - India. Yes, 2 Sims Dual Sim Mobiles. 139.2 x 70 x 8.7 mm (5.48 x 2.76 x 0.34 in). 16 GB, 2 GB RAM or 32 GB, 3 GB RAM or 64. microSD, up to 128 GB (uses SIM 2 slot) Mobile with Memory Card. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/100 Mbps. SMS, MMS, Email, Instant Messaging (IM), Push Mail. HTML5, Internet Mobile Phones. FM Radio, MP3 Player, Games, Video Calling, Video Editor, Photo editor Mobiles with FM Radio Gaming Mobiles. DivX/Xvid/MP4/H.265 player, MP3/WAV/eAAC+/FLAC player, Photo/video editor, Document viewer, GPS: Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS. 4.2, A2DP, LE Bluetooth Mobiles. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot WLAN Mobiles. Scratch Resistance, Touch Screen 16M colors, IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen. 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density). 13 MP, 13 MP Mobiles , Camera Mobiles. Auto Focus, Video , Video Call. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Disclaimer: Xiaomi Redmi 4 4X price in Pakistan is updated daily from price list provided by local shops but we cannot guarantee that the above information / price of Xiaomi Redmi 4 4X is 100% accurate (Human error is possible). For accurate rate of Xiaomi Redmi 4 4X in Pakistan visit your local shop.. Each genuine opinion / comment means more chances to win free mobile in lucky draw.. Reply to post / answer to question. Abbotabad Abdul hakim Adda jahan khan Adda shaiwala Akhora khattak Ali chak Allahabad Amangarh Arif wala Arifwala Attock Babri banda Badin Bahawalnagar Bahawalpur Balakot Bannu Barbar loi Barbar loi Baroute Bat khela Bhai pheru Bhakkar Bhalwal Bhan saeedabad Bhera Bhimbar Bhirya road Bhuawana Blitang Buchay key Burewala Chacklala Chacklala Chaininda Chak 4 b c Chak 46 Chak jamal Chak jhumra Chak sawara Chak sheza Chakwal Charsada Chashma Chawinda Chicha watni Chiniot Chishtian Chitral Chohar jamali Choppar hatta Chowha saidan shah Chowk azam Chowk mailta Chowk munda Chunian Dadakhel Dadu Daharki Dandot Dargai Darya khan Daska Daud khel Daulat pur Daur Deh pathaan Depal pur Dera ghazi khan Dera ismail khan Dera murad jamali Dera nawab sahib Dhatmal Dhoun kal Digri Dijkot Dina Dinga Doaaba Doltala Domeli Dudial Dunyapur Eminabad Estate l.m factory Faisalabad Farooqabad Fateh pur Feroz walla Feroz watan Feteh jhang Fiza got Gadoon amazai Gaggo mandi Gakhar mandi Gambet Garh maharaja Garh more Gari habibullah Gari mori Gawadar Gharo Ghazi Ghotki Gilgit Gohar ghoushti Gojar khan Gojra Goular khel Guddu Gujjar khan Gujranwala Gujrat Hafizabad Hala Hangu Hari pur Hariwala Haroonabad Hasilpur Hassan abdal Hattar Hattian lawrencepur Haveli lakha Havelian Hayatabad Hazro Head marala Hub inds estate Hyderabad Issa khel Jaccobabad Jaja abasian Jalal pur jatan Jalal pur priwala Jampur Jamrud road Jamshoro Jan pur Jandanwala Jaranwala Jauharabad Jehangira Jehanian Jehlum Jhal Magsi Jhand Jhang Jhatta bhutta Jhelum Jhudo Joharabad Kabir wala Kacha khooh Kahuta Kakul Kakur town Kala bagh Kala shah kaku Kalar syedian Kalaswala Kallur kot Kamalia Kamalia musa Kamber ali khan Kamokey Kamra Kandh kot Kandiaro Karak Karoor pacca Karore lalisan Kashmir Kashmore Kasur Kazi ahmed Khair pur Khair pur mir Khairpur nathan shah Khan qah sharif Khanbel Khandabad Khanewal Khangarh Khanqah dogran Khanqah sharif Kharian Khewra Khoski Khurian wala Khushab Khushal kot Khuzdar Kohat Kot addu Kot bunglow Kot ghulam mohd Kot mithan Kot radha kishan Kotla Kotla arab ali khan Kotla jam Kotla patdan Kotli loharan Kotri Kumbh Kundina Kunjah Kunri Laki marwat Lala musa Lala rukh Laliah Lalshanra Larkana Lasbella Lawrence pur Layyah Liaquat pur Lodhran Ludhan Machi goth Madina Mailsi Makli Malakwal Mamu kunjan Mandi bahauddin Mandra Manga mandi Mangal sada Mangi Mangla Mangowal Manoabad Manshera Mardan Mari indus Mastoi Matiari Matli Mehar Mehmood kot Mehrab pur Mian chunnu Mian Walli Mingora Mir ali Miran shah Mirpur Mirpur khas Mirpur mathelo Mohen jo daro More kunda Morgah Moro Mubarik pur Multan Muridkay Murree Musafir khana Mustung Muzaffarabad Muzaffargarh Nankana sahib Narang mandi Narowal Naseerabad Naudero Naukot Naukundi Nawab shah New saeedabad Nilore Noor kot Noorpur nooranga Nowshera Nowshera cantt Nowshero peroz Okara Other Padidan Pak china fertilizer Pak pattan sharif Panjan kisan Panjgoor Pannu aqil Pasni Pasroor Patoki Peshawar Phagwar Phalia Phool nagar Piaro goth Pindi bhohri Pindi dadan khan Pindi gheb Pir mahal Pishin Qalandarabad Qasba gujrat Qazi ahmed Quaidabad Quetta Rabwah Rahimyar khan Rahwali Raiwand Rajana Rajanpur Rangoo Ranipur Ratto dero Rawala kot Rawalpindi Rawat Renala khurd Risalpur Rohri Sadiqabad Sagri Sahiwal Saidu sharif Sajawal Sakrand Samanabad Sambrial Samma satta Samundri Sanghar Sanghi Sangla hill Sangote Sanjwal Sara e alamgir Sara e naurang Sargodha Satyana bangla Sehar baqlas Serai alamgir Shadiwal Shah kot Shahdad kot Shahdad pur Shahpur chakar Shaikhupura Shamsabad Shankiari Shedani sharif Sheikhupura Shemier Shikar pur Shorkot Shujabad Sialkot Sibi Sihala Sikandarabad Silanwala Sita road Skardu Sohawa district daska Sohawa district jelum Sukkur Swabi Swatmingora Takhtbai Talagang Talamba Talhur Tando adam Tando allahyar Tando jam Tando mohd khan Tank Tarbela Tarmatan Taunsa sharif Taxila Tharo shah Thatta Theing jattan more Thull Tibba sultanpur Tobatek singh Topi Toru Trinda mohd pannah Turbat Ubaro Ugoki Ukba Umar kot Upper deval Usta mohammad Vehari Village Sunder Wah cantt Wahi hassain Wan radha ram Warah Warburton Wazirabad Yazman mandi Zahir pir. Question: What is capital of Pakistan? *. (Answer can be from islamabad | lahore ). Spam comments will not be approved at all.. Xiaomi Redmi 4 4X Reviews & User Opinions. I want to buy thi phone. Get a Free Mobile by posting Xiaomi Redmi 4 4X review. Redmi Note 5 Pro |. Redmi Note 5 Redmi 5 Plus |. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Redmi 5 Plus. Abdul Aleem February 25, 2018. Ritik Nonia February 25, 2018. Rates in spice mobile m900 tv projector online home delivery. shahid February 25, 2018. Hassan Ali February 25, 2018. I like this samsung galaxy j7 max. Abdul wahab February 24, 2018. azizullah February 24, 2018. kashif February 24, 2018. i want to buy htc 10 life style. ashar February 23, 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Reviews. Or kitnay waqt main mujy mil sakta hy .or kis tareeqy. Najeeb ullah February 22, 2018. mere pass Alcatel A3 hy sel krna hy anyone need than contact me.. Asad Ali February 22, 2018. © 2008-2018 mobile-phone.pk PKR mobile prices in Pakistan Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, India. 
Mobiles Tablets Wearables Applications Games Themes Wallpapers Videos. Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact vs Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact vs Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). Body Form Factor Candybar, Touchscreen Candybar, Touchscreen Dimensions 129 x 64 x 9.3 mm (5.08 x 2.52 x 0.37 in) 139.2 x 70 x 8.7 mm (5.48 x 2.76 x 0.34 in) Weight 140 g (4.94 oz) 150 g (5.29 oz) Build Glass fiber reinforced plastic body Front glass, aluminum body Colors Black, White Silver, Horizon Blue, Twilight Pink Black, Gold SIM Nano-SIM Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by) Main Features IP68 certified dust/water proof over 1.5 meter and 30 minutes Triluminos display X-Reality Engine 24-bit/192kHz audio Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic MIUI 8.0, 9.1 Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic Display Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~319 ppi density) 4.6 inches, 58.3 cm 2 (~70.7% screen-to-body ratio) 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density) 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~70.7% screen-to-body ratio) Multitouch Yes Yes Protection Corning Gorilla Glass 5 Corning Gorilla Glass (unspecified version) Network 2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G Network HSDPA 800 / 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 4G Network LTE LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). Notifications Alert Types Vibration, MP3, WAV ringtones Vibration, MP3, WAV ringtones Speaker Phone Yes, with stereo speakers Yes Memory Internal 32 GB ROM, 4 GB RAM 64 GB ROM, 4 GB RAM or 32 GB ROM, 3 GB RAM or 16 GB ROM, 2 GB RAM Card Slot microSD, up to 256 GB microSD, up to 128 GB (uses SIM 2 slot) Connectivity GPRS Yes Yes EDGE Yes Yes Speed HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (4CA) Cat15 800/75 Mbps HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/100 Mbps WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth 5.0, A2DP, aptX HD, LE 4.2, A2DP, LE USB 2.0, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector, USB Host microUSB 2.0 Infrared Port Yes GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS, GALILEO Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS NFC Yes. Camera Primary 19 MP (f/2.0, 25mm, 1/2.3", 1.22 µm), gyro EIS, predictive phase detection and laser autofocus, LED flash, 13 MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, LED flash, Camera Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, panorama, HDR Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama Video 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30/60fps, 720p@960fps, 1080p@30fps, Secondary 8 MP (f/2.4, 18mm, 1/4"), gyro EIS, 1080p 5 MP, f/2.2, 1080p Multimedia Audio Format Support MP3/eAAC+/WAV/Flac MP3/WAV/eAAC+/FLAC Video Format Support Xvid/MP4/H.265 DivX/Xvid/MP4/H.265 Radio FM radio Software Operating System (OS) Android OS, v8.0 (Oreo) Android OS, v6.0.1 (Marshmallow) Upgradable Upgradable to v7.1.2 (Nougat) Browser HTML5 HTML5 Organizer Yes Yes Messaging SMS (threaded view), MMS, Email, IM, Push Email SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Hardware Chipset Qualcomm MSM8998 Snapdragon 835 Qualcomm MSM8940 Snapdragon 435 CPU Octa-core (4x2.45 GHz Kryo & 4x1.9 GHz Kryo) Octa-core 1.4 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Adreno 540 Adreno 505 Sensors Fingerprint (side-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, barometer, compass, color spectrum Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass Side / Additional Keys Volume keys, Power/Lock key Volume keys, Power/Lock key Audio Jack 3.5 mm 3.5 mm Battery Battery Type Non-removable Li-Ion 2700 mAh battery Non-removable Li-Po 4100 mAh battery Standby Up to 432 h (3G) Talk Time Up to 36 h (3G) Music Play Up to 87 h Additional Features Features Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 3.0) Document viewer Photo/video editor Photo/video editor Document viewer. Compare Sony Xperia XZ1 Compact With Similar Mobile Phones. Samsung LG Sony HTC Huawei Nokia BlackBerry Apple Motorola Google Asus Panasonic HP Lenovo Dell Oppo Xiaomi OnePlus vivo Acer Alcatel QMobile ZTE Meizu Gionee Micromax XOLO Lava BLU Karbonn Celkon Coolpad LeEco Essential Razer. All Manufacturers Android One Phones 3G Mobile Phones 4G Mobile Phones Rumored Phones SMS Screensavers Reviews Mobile Phone Prices Picture Messages. [Select Manufacturer] Samsung LG Sony HTC Huawei Nokia BlackBerry Apple Motorola Google Asus Panasonic HP Lenovo Dell Oppo Xiaomi OnePlus vivo Acer Alcatel QMobile ZTE Meizu Gionee Micromax XOLO Lava BLU Karbonn Celkon Coolpad LeEco Essential Razer. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap Contact Us Copyrights © 2018 mobilesmspk. 
Download Google Installer 3.0 for Xiaomi. Download Custom Kernel for Redmi 4X. How to Get Google Pixel 2 Launcher for Mi A1 (no root). How to unbrick and fix Xiaomi Mi4i. How to flash Global MIUI ROM on Mi Mix 2. How to restore Redmi 5A with MiPhoneManager. Which Xiaomi Phone is Right For You?. [Review] Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 vs Pro Version. Can the Xiaomi Redmi 3 Compete with the iPhone X. What’s the Difference between Redmi 4X and Redmi Note 4. Both the phones enjoy fingerprint sensor position at the back. They have light sensor, compass, gyroscope, proximity sensor, light sensor, and accelerometer. The model belongs to Android v6.0.1 Marshmallow. Its SIM slots include Dual SIM that works on GSM+GSM. Custom Ui includes MIUI 8 for Redmi 4X and MIUI 8.5 for Redmi Note 4. Both the models work on Nano SIM cards for slot 1 and Micro for slot 2. The phones support 4g, 3g, and 2g on all Indian network bands. They work on 3.5 mm headphones as well as loudspeaker. The material is built of metal and has a metal black design for both models. Touchscreen with multi-touch option is a common feature for both. You can expand the memory up to 128 GB; however the internal storage may differ for both. Enjoy an image resolution of 4128 x 3096 pixels. The phones arrive with a 5mp built in front camera (without flash) and 16 MP rear camera. You would not be able to replace the battery of these phones as they are non-removable. Enjoy a range of services like Bluetooth, Infrared, GPS, USB connectivity, Wifi hotspot, and more. Redmi 4X vs Redmi Note 4:. Redmi 4X works on Octa core, whereas Redmi Note 4 has Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 MSM8953Adreno 506Octa core, Cortex A5364 bit4 G, and 2 GHz. Enjoy an LCD display screen of 5.5 inches on Redmi Note 4 but, the screen size of Redmi 4X will restrict to 5 inches only. Those looking for playing games on bigger screen, note will be an ideal choice. 4X comes with a storage capacity of 16 GB and Note 4 comes with 64 GB to 128 GB of storage. Selfie lovers and photography geeks would fall in love with Redmi models! The camera for 4X holds some brilliant features such as, auto touch focus, face detection, auto flash, and digital zoom. Such features are missing in Redmi Note 4 as the model arrives with a fixed focus feature. Here are a few more differences that you must consider:. Performance of Redmi 4X and Redmi Note 4:. Look at GearBest to find the best prices on Xiaomi phones!. [Review] Xiaomi Redmi 4X vs Redmi Note 4. Xiaomi Mi phones have picked great demand in the Indian market. Their sleek designs and catchy features have caught the eyes of the users. Although, Xiaomi is a private company, its smartphones and Android bases OS apps have given stiff competition to the mobile market.. Let’s consider few of their popular models; Redmi 4X and Redmi Note 4. Both the phones enjoy distinct features. Although, it would be difficult to compare between the two, there are certain features that you may still want to note down before buying Redmi 4X and Note.. Before we step to comparing the two, it would be wise to know their common features at first:. Although, both the models have more and less the same features, it really depends on what kind of model are you comfortable to use. According to the user reviews, Redmi Note 4’s processor works faster but, the camera of 4X is better than the note. If the phone ever goes to a repairing center or needs self-evaluation, it is easy to open Note 4 than 4X.. Redmi series have gained immense popularity and it seems that the users are slowly switching to Redmi from smartphones. The difference in user choice became more evident after the launch of Redmi Note 4.. The phones have different designs apart from different processors. Users believe that Redmi Note 4 is better in its looks compared to Redmi 4X as the latter still uses the typical three step design. As mentioned earlier, the screws of Redmi Note 4 has also disappeared.. Redmi Note 4 has a Helio X20 processor which is considered to a better version over Snapdragon 625 used in 4X. Although, both the phones are ideal for game lovers some difference can still be figured out in relation to speed and performance. It is the user who will decide what to buy based on his daily usage.. Note 4 phones come in classy colors like Black, Gold, Blue, and Grey. On the other side, 4X model enjoys a range of funky colors like, Champagne gold, mate black, and cherry pink. We guess 4X will be mostly preferred by women who like trendy colors and designs. Businesspersons may stick to the color options available in Note 4.. You cannot resist the 64 GB internal storage capacity of Redmi Note 4. It means more apps, more games, and more excitement! People who are happy with limited apps on their phone can stick to 16 GB internal storage with Redmi 4X.. List down the features that you wish to have in your Redmi phone; perhaps, that will help you to decide whether to buy Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 or stick to most people’s choice with Redmi 4X .. Previous Article How to flash MultiROM on Xiaomi Mi Max 2. Next Article Tips and Tricks for Redmi 4 Prime. Resourceful, creative and passionate is my style of work!. How to fix cannot receive hello packet error on Redmi 4X. How to fix NVRAM WARNING: Err=0x10 error. [Guide] How to update Redmi 4X to MIUI 9 ROM. How to enable 4G / 4G+ on Xiaomi Redmi 4X. [Download] Latest MIUI Roms for Xiaomi Redmi 4X. [Guide] How to restore hardbrick Redmi 4X device. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply. Your email address will not be published.. How to unbrick and fix Xiaomi Mi4i. How to flash Global MIUI ROM on Mi Mix 2. How to restore Redmi 5A with MiPhoneManager. Download Google Installer 3.0 for Xiaomi. Download Custom Kernel for Redmi 4X. How to Get Google Pixel 2 Launcher for Mi A1 (no root). Download Custom ROMs for Redmi Note 5A. MIUI9 Global Stable ROM 9.2.3.0 for Redmi 4X. Download Android 8 Oreo Custom ROMs for Redmi 4X. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 (Android 8.1) for Xiaomi Mi 5s. How to unbrick and fix Xiaomi Mi4i. Unlock bootloader and flash TWRP on Meizu M6 Note. How to flash Global MIUI ROM on Mi Mix 2. How to restore Redmi 5A with MiPhoneManager. How to flash TWRP Recovery with Linux Ubuntu. [Review] What’s Great About Xiaomi Mi A1?. [Review] Xiaomi Mi Max 2 4G Phablet. Xiaomi Announces Smartphones with “AI-Driven Apps”. 10 Reasons Why We Love MIUI 9. Officially headed by Frederick Jerome, our blog is your go-to destination for all things Xiaomi. Whether you’re simply looking for tips and tricks, this is the place you’ll want to be for Xiaomi-related topics. Giving you the best guides and downloads that you can’t find anywhere else.. We will show you how to get the most out of your device in a easy step-by-step way.. Disclaimer: We are not affiliated and not sponsored by Xiaomi. 
Mobiles Tablets Wearables Applications Games Themes Wallpapers Videos. Google Pixel vs Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). Google Pixel vs Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). Body Form Factor Candybar, Touchscreen Candybar, Touchscreen Dimensions 143.8 x 69.5 x 8.5 mm (5.66 x 2.74 x 0.33 in) 139.2 x 70 x 8.7 mm (5.48 x 2.76 x 0.34 in) Weight 143 g (5.04 oz) 150 g (5.29 oz) Build Front glass, aluminum body, partial glass back Front glass, aluminum body Colors Quite Black, Very Silver, Really Blue Black, Gold SIM Nano-SIM Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by) Main Features Splash and dust resistant Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic MIUI 8.0, 9.1 Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic Display Type AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~441 ppi density) 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~69.0% screen-to-body ratio) 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density) 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~70.7% screen-to-body ratio) Multitouch Yes Yes Protection Corning Gorilla Glass 4 Corning Gorilla Glass (unspecified version) Network 2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G Network HSDPA 800 / 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100 HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 4G Network LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 13(700), 17(700), 18(800), 19(800), 20(800), 21(1500), 26(850), 28(700), 32(1500), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). Notifications Alert Types Vibration, MP3, WAV ringtones Vibration, MP3, WAV ringtones Speaker Phone Yes Yes Memory Internal 32/128 GB ROM, 4 GB RAM 64 GB ROM, 4 GB RAM or 32 GB ROM, 3 GB RAM or 16 GB ROM, 2 GB RAM Card Slot microSD, up to 128 GB (uses SIM 2 slot) Connectivity GPRS Yes Yes EDGE Yes Yes Speed HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (3CA) Cat9 450/50 Mbps or LTE-A (3CA) Cat11 600/75 Mbps HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/100 Mbps WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA, hotspot Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth 4.2, A2DP, LE, aptX 4.2, A2DP, LE USB 3.0, Type-C 1.0 reversible connector microUSB 2.0 Infrared Port Yes GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS NFC Yes. Camera Primary 12.3 MP (f/2.0, 1/2.3", 1.55 µm), gyro EIS, phase detection & laser autofocus, dual-LED flash 13 MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, LED flash, Camera Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama Video 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30/60/120fps, 720p@240fps 1080p@30fps, Secondary 8 MP (f/2.4, 1/3.2", 1.4 µm), 1080p 5 MP, f/2.2, 1080p Multimedia Audio Format Support MP3/WAV/eAAC+ MP3/WAV/eAAC+/FLAC Video Format Support MP4/H.264 DivX/Xvid/MP4/H.265 Radio FM radio Software Operating System (OS) Android OS, v7.1 (Nougat) Android OS, v6.0.1 (Marshmallow) Upgradable Upgradable to Android 8.0 (Oreo) Upgradable to v7.1.2 (Nougat) Browser HTML5 HTML5 Organizer Yes Yes Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Hardware Chipset Qualcomm MSM8996 Snapdragon 821 Qualcomm MSM8940 Snapdragon 435 CPU Quad-core (2x2.15 GHz Kryo & 2x1.6 GHz Kryo) Octa-core 1.4 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Adreno 530 Adreno 505 Sensors Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometer Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass Side / Additional Keys Volume keys, Power/Lock key Volume keys, Power/Lock key Audio Jack 3.5 mm 3.5 mm Battery Battery Type Non-removable Li-Ion 2770 mAh battery Non-removable Li-Po 4100 mAh battery Standby Up to 456 h (3G) Up to 432 h (3G) Talk Time Up to 26 h (3G) Up to 36 h (3G) Music Play Up to 110 h Up to 87 h Additional Features Features Fast battery charging Photo/video editor Document editor Photo/video editor Document viewer SAR US 0.92 W/kg (head) 0.58 W/kg (body) SAR EU 0.33 W/kg (head) 0.61 W/kg (body). Compare Google Pixel With Similar Mobile Phones. Samsung LG Sony HTC Huawei Nokia BlackBerry Apple Motorola Google Asus Panasonic HP Lenovo Dell Oppo Xiaomi OnePlus vivo Acer Alcatel QMobile ZTE Meizu Gionee Micromax XOLO Lava BLU Karbonn Celkon Coolpad LeEco Essential Razer. All Manufacturers Android One Phones 3G Mobile Phones 4G Mobile Phones Rumored Phones SMS Screensavers Reviews Mobile Phone Prices Picture Messages. [Select Manufacturer] Samsung LG Sony HTC Huawei Nokia BlackBerry Apple Motorola Google Asus Panasonic HP Lenovo Dell Oppo Xiaomi OnePlus vivo Acer Alcatel QMobile ZTE Meizu Gionee Micromax XOLO Lava BLU Karbonn Celkon Coolpad LeEco Essential Razer. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap Contact Us Copyrights © 2018 mobilesmspk. 
HOME NEWS PHONES COMPARE TABLETS BRANDS SYSTEMS SMARTWATCHES. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) MODELS AND SPECS Specs of all Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) models and all Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) variants. All the differences of each model, specifications and features. The Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) versions may be different for each country.. The Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) has 3 models and variants. Generally the variants are the same device models with some different features and specifications, as the amount of internal storage, processor or just 3G/4G frequencies that may be different depending on the country where the Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) is sold.. Compare the 3 Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) models and know what are the specifications that differ one from another version in the full datasheet.. See here on the PhoneMore all Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) versions .. Xiaomi Redmi 4X 16GB MODEL 1 Specifications Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Xiaomi Hongmi 4X 2GB RAM 16GB, MAE136, MAT136. Countries or regions where this model is sold: China, India, Malaysia, Pakistan.. Xiaomi Redmi 4X 32GB MODEL 2 Specifications Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Xiaomi Hongmi 4X 3GB RAM 32GB, MAE136, MAT136. Countries or regions where this model is sold: China, India, Malaysia, Pakistan, Various (International).. Xiaomi Redmi 4X 64GB MODEL 3 Specifications Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Xiaomi Hongmi 4X 4GB RAM 64GB, MAE136, MAT136. Countries or regions where this model is sold: China, India, Malaysia, Pakistan.. Xiaomi Redmi 4X 16GB vs Xiaomi Redmi 4X 64GB Xiaomi Redmi 4X 32GB vs Xiaomi Redmi 4X 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4X 32GB vs Xiaomi Redmi 4X 64GB. HOME NEWS PHONES COMPARE TABLETS BRANDS SYSTEMS SMARTWATCHES. SITE MAP • CONTACT US • PRIVACY POLICY. • ENGLISH FRANÇAIS ITALIANO PORTUGUÊS ESPAÑOL 中文. ©2012-2018 PhoneMore is the best phone comparison, smartphone comparison and full phone specifications. 
Home Products Xiaomi Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Overview Specs Reviews. $110.00 Brand: Xiaomi Category: Smartphones. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. 7.0 3.5 1. Design 7 / 10. Display 7 / 10. Battery 7 / 10. Features 7 / 10. Performance 7 / 10. Usability 7 / 10. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) - Specs. 139.2 x 70 x 8.7 mm (5.48 x 2.76 x 0.34 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM/ Micro-SIM - dual stand-by). microSD up to 128 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 4 GB RAM or 32 GB - 3 GB RAM or 16 GB - 2 GB RAM. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n - Wi-Fi Direct - hotspot. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen 16M colors. 720 x 1280 pixels - 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). 13 Megapixel - f/2.0 - phase detection autofocus - LED flash -. 5 Megapixel - f/2.2 - 1080p. Fingerprint (rear-mounted) - accelerometer - gyro - proximity - compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100) - 3(1800) - 5(850) - 7(2600) - 8(900) - 38(2600) - 39(1900) - 40(2300) - 41(2500). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/100 Mbps. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) - Reviews Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Design: Display: Battery: Features: Performance: Usability: Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Xiaomi Mi 2 $250.00 View specs →. Xiaomi Mi 4s $220.00 View specs →. Xiaomi Mi 4i $260.00 View specs →. New Arrivals Nokia 1 $70.00 Nokia 7 plus $400.00 Nokia 8 Sirocco $750.00 Nokia 8110 4G ZTE Tempo Go $80.00 ZTE Blade V9. Categories Smartwatches 50 Tablets 231 Smartphones 2801. Top Rated Motorola Moto G5S $250.00 LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition LTE $270.00 Motorola Moto G5 $200.00 Dell Venue $390.00 BLU Grand M Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5110 $290.00. 
Gadget Tips & Trik Berita. Home Harga HP Terbaru Xiaomi Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). Harga Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) dan Spesifikasi Review Spesifikasi. CPU Octa-core 1.4 GHz. RAM 2 / 3 / 4 GB. Kapasitas 16 / 32 / 64 GB. OS Android OS, v6.0. Review Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Kelebihan dan Kekurangan Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Support 4G LTE Support dual SIM Sensor fingerprint Bodi metal Layar 5.0 inci Layar berteknologi IPS LCD Proteksi Corning Gorilla Glass Antarmuka MIUI b OS Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow Chipset Qualcomm MSM8940 Snapdragon 435 Prosesor Octa-core 1.4 GHz Cortex-A53 3 varian RAM 2 GB/ 3 GB/ 4 GB GPU Adreno 505 3 varian ROM 16 GB/ 32 GB/ 64 GB MicroSD 128 GB Duet kamera 13 MP dan 5 MP Navigasi A-GPS, GLONASS, dan BDS Baterai Li-Po 4.100 mAh Resolusi layar standar Slot microSD menumpang slot SIM 2 Non-removable battery Harga Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). Harga Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) dan Spesifikasi â Xiaomi meluncurkan smartphone terbaru dari jajaran Redmi 4 yakni Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). Dari namanya bisa diketahui jika ponsel inilah yang sebelumnya disebut-sebut sebagai generasi penerus dari Xiaomi Redmi 4. Selain itu, perangkat ini juga populer dengan sebutan Xiaomi Redmi 4X di pasar Tiongkok. Sama seperti pendahulunya, Redmi 4 juga akan dilepas ke pasaran untuk mengisi segmen entry-level sehingga harga jual dari Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) ini dipastikan tak akan berbeda jauh dengan Redmi 4. Meski begitu, konsumen tetap bisa mengharapkan sesuatu yang baru dari seri terbaru ini karena hadir dengan spesifikasi yang lebih tinggi sehingga performa yang ditawarkan Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) ini memang lebih mumpuni dan fitur-fitur yang dibawanya lebih menarik. Perangkat penerus Redmi 4 ini juga ditawarkan dalam dua varian berdasarkan pada bekalan RAM dan memori internalnya, yakni varian standar dan varian high dengan ukuran RAM dan memori internal yang lebih besar. Nah, semakin penasaran dengan Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) ini kan?. Meskipun Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) menyasar segmen pasar pemula, namun spesifikasi yang dibawanya bisa dikatakan sangat menarik sebab sejumlah komponen yang digunakannya masih jarang ditemukan pada smartphone-smartphone lain yang berada di kelas yang sama. Hal ini bisa dilihat dari kualitas layar yang dibekalkan pada Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) ini yang berteknologi IPS LCD seluas 5.0 inci dengan resolusi HD yang tak hanya menyuguhkan tampilan visual yang jernih namun juga terjamin keamanannya dengan proteksi Corning Gorilla Glass. Performanya pun terbukti tangguh untuk kategori smartphone pemula karena ruang olah data yang ditawarkan oleh Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) ini mengandalkan kinerja dari prosesor Octa-core berkecepatan 1.4 GHz dan tiga varian RAM berkapasitas 2 GB, 3 GB, atau 4 GB. Selain mumpuni terkait dengan kinerja operasionalnya, RAM yang ditawarkan dalam tiga pilihan tersebut juga membuat pengguna lebih leluasa dalam memilih kemampuan kinerja dari ponsel ini. Hal menarik lainnya yang bisa ditemukan pada Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) ini adalah kapasitas baterainya yang terbilang jumbo karena mencapai 4.100 mAh untuk kategori smartphone dengan harga terjangkau. Masih ingin tahu fitur-fitur menarik yang dibawa generasi terbaru Redmi 4 ini? Yuk langsung saja simak selengkapnya dalam ulasan spesifikasi dan harga Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) dari Begawei pada segmen-segmen di bawah ini!. Ponsel Murah 5.0 Inci dengan Desain Premium. Meskipun hadir sebagai perangkat entry-level, namun spesifikasi Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) di bagian terluarnya sama sekali tak terlihat murahan. Desain yang dibawanya mirip dengan Redmi 4 yang menyuguhkan kesan premium dengan bodi metal yang terbalut warna hitam dan emas dan dipadukan dengan lapisan kaca lengkung 2.5D. Bahkan, sisi premiumnya makin terasa dengan hadirnya sensor fingerprint di bagian punggung. Pada segi dimensi, Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) ini memiliki panjang 139.2 mm, lebar 70 mm, dan ketebalan 8.7 mm. Sedangkan bobotnya sebesar 150 gram sehingga masih cukup mudah untuk dibawa kemanapun. Layar berukuran 5.0 inci akan menjadi visualisasi dari Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) yang memiliki resolusi HD 720 x 1280 piksel dengan kerapatan 294 ppi. Meskipun resolusinya masih standar namun tetap sanggup menghasilkan tampilan visual yang jernih dan berkualitas sebab layarnya telah mengadopsi teknologi IPS LCD. Tak hanya itu, layar Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) tersebut pun telah terdukung multitouch serta makin manis dengan sentuhan antarmuka MIUI 8. Yang membuatnya semakin menarik tentu saja karena layarnya telah dilapisi dengan proteksi Corning Gorilla Glass dengan versi yang belum diketahui untuk melindunginya dari berbagai benturan dan goresan. Namun yang pasti spesifikasi Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) terluarnya memang tampak begitu menawan.. Performa Tangguh dengan Prosesor Octa-core 1.4 GHz dan 3 Varian RAM. Menginjak pada spesifikasi Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) di ruang olah datanya, ternyata sektor ini juga telah dibekali dengan komponen-komponen berkualitas untuk menjamin kinerja operasional perangkat yang lebih mumpuni. Hal ini bisa dilihat dari digunakannya chipset Qualcomm MSM8940 Snapdragon 435 sebagai komponen utama pada Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) dalam pemrosesan data. Chipset yang hadir dengan prosesor Octa-core Cortex-A53 yang memiliki kecepatan 1.4 GHz bakal menyuguhkan performa yang tangguh saat menjalankan operasional. Belum lagi, dukungan tiga varian RAM berkapasitas 2 GB, 3 GB, atau 4 GB pada Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) yang bisa dipilih sesuai dengan kebutuhan pengguna untuk mendukung aktivitas multitasking yang lancar tanpa lag. Disematkannya kartu grafis Adreno 505 juga membuat perangkat ini cukup powerfull untuk menjalankan game dan aplikasi multimedia lainnya. Selain itu, komponen-komponen yang ada di dalam spesifikasi Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) ini berjalan di atas sistem operasi Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow.. Storage Hadirkan 3 Varian Memori Internal dan microSD 128 GB. Selanjutnya kita akan mengetahui seberapa banyak file yang bisa ditampung oleh spesifikasi Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) pada ruang penyimpanannya. Sektor ini pun rupanya telah didesain oleh Xiaomi agar dapat memenuhi kebutuhan penyimpanan file penggunanya dengan optimal. Untuk itu, Xiaomi menawarkan perangkat barunya ini dalam tiga varian memori internal mengikuti bekalan RAM yang dimilikinya. Varian Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) RAM 2 GB akan memiliki memori internal 16 GB, ponsel dengan kapasitas RAM 3 GB memiliki memori internal 32 GB, sedangkan varian tertingginya dengan RAM 4 GB menghadirkan ruang penyimpanan internal sebesar 64 GB. Kehadiran tiga varian memori internal tersebut tentu akan membuat pengguna lebih leluasa untuk memilih ponsel sesuai dengan kebutuhan penyimpanan mereka. Bahkan ruang penyimpanan dari Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) ini masih bisa diperluas dengan menambahkan microSD berkapasitas maksimal 128 GB. Meski begitu, penambahan microSD ini nantinya harus mengorbankan slot SIM 2 sehingga sebaiknya sobat Begawei memilih spesifikasi Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) dengan memori internal yang tinggi jika ingin tetap mempertahankan slot SIM 2.. Fotografi Mumpuni dengan Duet Kamera 13 MP dan 5 MP. Dari media penyimpanannya, kita kini akan mengetahui seperti apa spesifikasi Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) ini untuk urusan fotografi. Sektor yang satu ini juga ternyata telah dibekali dengan dua piranti kamera berkualitas untuk bisa memenuhi kebutuhan dokumentasi pengguna dengan baik. Pada bagian belakang, smartphone Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) ini mengandalkan kamera utama 13 MP beraperture f/2.0 yang sudah lengkap dengan fitur phase detection autofocus dan LED flash untuk menjamin terciptanya foto yang tajam dan jernih ketika dipakai untuk mengabadikan momen dalam kondisi low light. Tak hanya dua fitur tersebut saja karena Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) juga menghadirkan fitur pendukung seperti geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, dan panorama. Kamera utamanya pun memiliki kemampuan untuk menghasilkan video berkualitas [email. protected] Sementara itu, sektor depan mengandalkan kamera beresolusi 5 MP yang juga memiliki kemampuan merekam video 1080p sehingga kamera dari spesifikasi Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) ini memberikan dukungan yang cukup baik untuk kebutuhan selfie dan video call.. Spesifikasi Smartphone Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). Konektivitas Lengkap Terdukung Akses Jaringan 4G LTE. Beralih pada spesifikasi Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) pada bagian konektivitasnya, sektor inipun telah dibekali dengan komponen-komponen yang lengkap dan berkualitas. Hal ini terlihat dari hadirnya fitur dual SIM yang sudah mendukung akses jaringan 4G LTE untuk menawarkan akses internet super kencang dengan kecepatan download data 150 Mbps dan upload data 50 Mbps. Selain 4G LTE, Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) pun masih menawarkan jaringan alternatif untuk kebutuhan koneksi internet dengan GSM, HSPA, dan EVDO. Pengguna juga memiliki kesempatan untuk menikmati akses internet secara gratis dengan memanfaatkan fitur Wi-Fi 802.11, Wi-Fi direct, dan hotspot. Sementara itu, untuk kebutuhan transfer file, Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) menghadirkan fitur Bluetooth 4.2., A2DP, LE, dan microUSB 2.0. Terakhir, pada bagian konektivitasnya perangkat ini dibekali dengan teknologi navigasi A-GPS, GLONASS, dan BDS sehingga kemampuan penguncian lokasinya memiliki akurasi yang tinggi. Sehingga memang spesifikasi Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) pada sektor konektivitasnya memang memadai.. Nah, akhirnya kita sudah sampai pada bagian terakhir pada segmen ini yang akan membahas tentang spesifikasi Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) pada bagian pemasok dayanya. Jika dilihat pada segmen mana perangkat ini berada, maka bisa dikatakan jika kebutuhan dayanya tidak terlalu besar karena komponen-komponen yang digunakan belum secanggih perangkat menengah maupun premium. Namun, langkah Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) untuk menggunakan baterai non-removable Lithium Polymer berkapasitas 4.100 mAh terbilang cukup menarik. Pasalnya, selain bisa memenuhi kebutuhan daya dari masing-masing komponennya dengan maksimal, baterai berkapasitas jumbo yang tersemat pada Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) ini juga bisa bertahan cukup lama dalam kondisi siaga saja mampu hidup selama 432 jam. Sedangkan, untuk kebutuhan lain seperti talk time daya tahannya mencapai 36 jam serta 87 jam jika dipakai untuk mendengarkan musik. Nah dengan bekalan spesifikasi Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) yang mumpuni tersebut, kira-kira berapa harganya?. Jika menilik pada segmen yang akan dituju oleh Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) memang sepertinya ponsel garapan pabrik China ini memang akan membawa bekalan spesifikasi yang sederhana. Namun rupanya hal tersebut tidaklah benar, mengingat perangkat ini rupanya dibekali dengan komponen yang berkualitas. Sebut saja pada kamera Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) ini yang sudah menggunakan kamera utama 13 MP dan kamera depan 5 MP tentu membuatnya dapat menghasilkan gambar yang cukup jernih dan jelas. Selain itu, dengan bodi yang dibalut material metal, tak hanya membuatnya tampak kuat namun juga menawan. Apalagi Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) juga sudah menggunakan sensor fingerprint sebagai penunjang keamanannya. Untuk sektor konektivitasnya perangkat ini menggunakan jaringan 4G LTE yang merupakan teknologi jaringan tercepat yang ada saat ini. Untuk menunjang semua komponen di dalamnya, smartphone XiaomiÂ. ini dibekali dengan baterai berkapasitas 4100 mAh yang meskipun berjenis non-removable sehingga tidak dapat dilepas sewaktu-waktu. Nah, demikian beberapa kelebihan Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) dan kekurangan Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). Untuk mengetahuinya lebih lengkap, mari kita simak tabel di bawah ini.. Setelah mengulas spesifikasinya, pada segmen ini kita akan membahas tentang banderol harga Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) di pasaran. Namun, sebelum membicarakan tentang nominalnya, Begawei terlebih dahulu akan memberikan sedikit kesimpulan dari spesifikasinya. Perangkat ini dibekali dengan layar IPS LCD kapasitif berukuran 5.0 inci yang memiliki resolusi HD lengkap dengan proteksi Corning Gorilla Glass sehingga menghasilkan kualitas visual Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) yang apik. Kualitas yang baik juga ditunjukkan oleh performanya yang mengandalkan prosesor delapan inti dengan clock speed 1.4 GHz dan ditandemkan dengan 3 varian RAM berkapasitas 2 GB, 3 GB, atau 4 GB yang tentu saja akan berpengaruh pada harga Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) ini. Belum lagi, ditanamkannya baterai Li-Po berkapasitas 4.100 mAh pada perangkat ini sehingga membuat perangkat mampu bertahan dalam waktu yang lama. Lantas dengan spesifikasi yang cukup sempurna dan menyasar segmen entry level barapa harga Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) ini?. Harga Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Terbaru. Harga Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) sepertinya memang akan dijual cukup terjkangakau meskipun membawa bekalan spesifikasi yang cukup mumpuni. Hal ini tentu tidak lepas dari segmen pasar yang akan dituju olehnya. Seperti yang telah Begawei katakan di awal bahwa perangkat ini akan dilepas ke pasaran dengan membawa label produk entry-level sehingga bisa dipastikan jika harga jual Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) bakal lumayan murah.Â. Untuk harga pastinya dengan mengacu sumber halaman GSM Arena, ponsel baru Xiaomi tersebut ditawarkan di pasaran dengan harga 110 EURO. Jika dikonversikan ke dalam rupiah, maka nominal harga tersebut setara dengan Rp 1,6 jutaan. Harga Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) tersebut terbilang cukup murah di pasar global. Bahkan, jika nantinya perangkat ini hadir di pasar Indonesia harganya juga masih bersahabat sehingga banyak konsumen yang bisa dengan mudah menjangkau varian lain dari ponsel Redmi 4 tersebut. dengan harga Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) yang cukup terjangkau tersebut, minatkah sobat?. Harga Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) yang ditawarkan memang bisa dikatakan cukup menarik. Pasalnya, meskipun masuk dalam kategori smartphone low-end yang dibanderol dengan harga di bawah Rp 2 jutaan, pengguna bisa menikmati spesifikasi berkualitas yang hampir mendekati ponsel mid-range. Bahkan, dengan kisaran harga Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) tersebut pengguna bisa menikmati fitur-fitur yang belum banyak dilakukan oleh smartphone-smartphone lain di kelasnya. Perpaduan antara spesifikasi menarik dan harga yang bersahabat ini juga menjadikan Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) sebagai rival yang cukup diperhitungkan oleh perangkat-perangkat lain yang berada di segmen yang sama. Nah, bagi sobat Begawei yang sedang mencari smartphone Android murah dengan performa mumpuni dan spesifikasi berkualitas, Redmi 4 (4X) bisa menjadi pilihan yang tepat. Demikian ulasan mengenai spesifikasi dan harga Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). Semoga bermanfaat dan jangan lupa baca jugaÂ. GSM / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 | GSM 900 / 1800 - India. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 - China | CDMA2000 1xEV-DO & TD-SCDMA - China | HSDPA 900 / 2100 - India. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) - China | LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 40(2300), 41(2500) - India. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/100 Mbps. 139.2 x 70 x 8.7 mm. - DivX/Xvid/MP4/H.265 player - MP3/WAV/eAAC+/FLAC player. - Photo/video editor - Document viewer. 2 / 3 / 4 GB. 16 / 32 / 64 GB. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. 13 MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama. Samsung Apple Asus Xiaomi Lenovo Oppo LG Vivo Smartfren Huawei. AccessGo Acer Advan Alcatel Axioo Blackberry Coolpad Evercoss Foxconn Gionee Google Himax Hisense HP HTC Infinix LeEco Luna Meizu Microsoft Mito Motorola Nokia Nuu Oneplus Osmo Panasonic Polytron Sharp Sony Wiko Yotaphone ZTE #. Gadget Terbaru LG K10 2018 LG K8 2018 Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Pro Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Asus Zenfone 5 Lite ZTE Axon 9. About Us Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy & Policy. 
All orders of 250.00 EGP or more on fulfilled by Souq items across any product category qualify for FREE shipping.. Changed your mind, you can return your product and get a full refund.. Pay for your order in cash at the moment the shipment is delivered to your doorstep. UAE Egypt Saudi Kuwait. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Make sure to buy your groceries and daily needs. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Let us wish you a happy birthday!. Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31. Year 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905. Please fill in a complete birthday. All Categories Supermarket Mobiles & Electronics Home Health & Beauty Moms & Babies Lifestyle Brand Stores. Clothing Shirts Polos T-shirts Jeans & Pants Shorts Swimwear Underwear Sleepwear Jackets, Coats & Hoodies. Bags & Accessories Backpacks Wallets Messenger bags Belts Hats & Caps Cufflinks Jewelry & Accessories Socks. Shoes Athletic Sneakers Loafers & Moccasian Slippers Boots. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Aviator Wayfarer Watches Casual Watches Stainless Steel Watches Leather Watches Shop All. Top Brands Casio Citizen Tommy Hilfiger U.S. Fossil Hollister Invicta Polo Ralph Lauren Calvin Klein Swatch Tissot. Featured Brands Ravin Andora Town Team Cottonil Solo Trojan Men's Club Activ Dockland Izo Robert Wood Rimini West Coast. Clothing Dresses Jumpsuits Tops Jeans & Pants Leggings Skirts Swimwear Lingerie Sleepwear Cardigans & Kimonos Jackets & Coats. Bags & Accessories Totes & Hobos Cross Body Bags Clutches Backpacks Wallets. Shoes Athletic Sneakers Wedges Ballerina Sandal & Slippers Boots Shop All. Watches Casual Watches Stainless Steel Watches Leather Watches Luxury Watches Below 199 EGP Shop All Jewelry Earrings Bracelets Jewelry Sets Rings. Eyewear Sunglasses Optical Frames Contact Lenses Aviator Fashion Sunglasses Shop All. Featured Brands Ravin Andora Dejavu Walkies Belle Fabulous Casio Nile Deeda Giro Calvin Klein Michael Kors. Beverages Food Cupboard Personal Care Home Care Babies World Men Care Pet Centre. Water Sodas Tea Coffee Dairy Products. Nuts Biscuits Rice Pasta Pulses & Grains Cooking Ingredients. Canned Food & Soups Chocolates Candies Cereals Jam, Honey & Spreadable. Hair Care Shampoos & Conditioners Hair Styling & Treatment Hair Coloring Oral Care Bath & Body Care Deodorants & Antiperspirants. Men's Grooming Women Shave & Hair Removal Feminie Care Skin Care Face Care Bath & Body Sunscreen & Tanning Products. Laundry Cleaning Supplies Dishwashing & Kitchen Cleaners Home Cleaning. Paper & Plastic Paper Products Wipes Air Freshners. Baby Food Diapers Bath & Skin Care. ُMen's Grooming Shavers & Blades Deodorants & Antiperspirants Hair Care Shower Gels & Lotions Sexual Health. New Arrivals Samsung Galaxy Note8 Infinix Hot5 | Hot5 Lite Mi Redmi Note 4x. Popular Mobiles Iphone 6|7 Samsung S8|8+ Huawei P9|P10 Mi Redmi note Infinix S2. Shop by Price Below 1,000 EGP 1,000 - 2,000 EGP 2,000 - 3,000 EGP 3,000 - 5,000 EGP 5,000 - 6,000 EGP 6,000 - 7,000 EGP 7,000 - 9,000 EGP 9,000 - 11,000 EGP 11,000 EGP & Above Shop All Mobiles. Tablets 7 - 7.9 Inch 8 - 8.9 Inch 9 - 9.9 Inch 10 Inch & Above. Shop by Brands Ipads Samsung Galaxy tab Lenovo Tab innjoo Alcatel Huawei Shop All Tablets. Accessories Covers & Cases Screen Protectors Cables Chargers Powerbanks Headsets Memory Cards Smartwatches VR Gadgets Bluetooth speakers Shop All Accessories. Shop by Brand Samsung Apple Huawei infinix Xiaomi Lenovo Sony HTC TECNO LG Innjoo Nokia Motorola. Televisions Best Offers Smart TVs Full HD TVs 32 - 39 inch 40 - 49 inch Shop All. Laptops & Notebook Best Offers Gaming Laptops Personal Use laptops Business Laptops Desktop PCs Shop All. Computer Parts Monitors Motherboards CPUs & Processors Video Cards Memory Modules (RAM) Shop All. Games Consoles Video Games Accessories Skins & Decals VR Gadgets Shop All. TVs Accessories Satellite Receivers Wall Mount Remote Control Cables & Adapters Projectors Shop All. Laptop Accessories Bags & Carry Cases USB Flash Drives Keyboards Mouses Laptops Chargers Shop All. Computer Accessories Printers Ink Cartridges Router Software UPS Shop All. Cameras Digital Cameras Electronic Flashes Interchangeable Lenses Camera Bags Camera Accessories Shop All. large Appliances Air Conditioner Washing Machines Refrigerators & Freezers Cookers Heaters Water Dispenser Shop All. Kitchen Appliances Kitchen Appliances Food Preparation Deep Fryers Microwaves & Grills Kettles, Juciers & Coffee Makers Blender & Mixers Shop All. Home Appliances & Decor Fans, Heaters & Air Treatment Rugs & Carpets Floor Care & Vaccums Irons & Garment Steamers Chair & Bean Bags Shop All. Cooking & Dining Cookware Bakeware Kitchen Tools & Utensils Drinkware Tableware Kitchen Storage Shop All. Tools & Gardening Gardening Decoration Safety and Work Wear Outdoor Play & Sporting Goods Hand & Power Tools Inflatable & Small Furniture Pets Needs Shop All. Stores E-futurehome Arion Samsung Kiriazi Fresh. Perfumes & Fragrances Men's Perfumes Women's Perfumes Kid's Perfumes Gift Sets Body Splash & Mist Shop All. Health & Personal Care Men's Grooming Small Medical Equipments Hair Electronics Health & Personal care Dental Care Body Massagers. Makeup Eyes Face Lips Nail Polish Makeup Brushes Beauty Tools And Accessories. Hair, Body & Skin Care Hair Treatments Shampoo & Conditioners Hair Loss Treatment Skin Care Shaving & Hair Removal Foot Care Bath & Body. Diapering Pampers Fine Molfix Huggies Baby Joy. Nursing & feeding Bottles Electrical Feeding Tools soothers & teethers feeding tools. Baby Gear Strollers Car Seats Bouncers & swings Cribs & cots Chairs Walkers Travel sets. Bathing & skin care Bathing Skin care. Baby & Toddler Toys Baby Clothing & Shoes Baby Food New Mommy. Sports Sports Equipments Sporting Gear Sports wear Sports Tech. Automotive Car care Car accessories Spare parts Oil & lubricants. Office Supplies Writing Organization Paper products Equipments Arts and hobbies School supplies Educational supplies Office Furniture & presentation. Toys Construction and blocks Educational Art and crafts Board and card games Dolls and doll sets Remote Controlled & tracks Musical toys Figures and action toys Party supplies beach fun Out doors Ride on. (Eligible for FREE Shipping ). Education, Learning & Self Help Books. & Up ( 276 ). & Up ( 379 ). & Up ( 394 ). & Up ( 405 ). Xiaomi Redmi 4X Dual Sim - 16GB, 2GB RAM, 4G LTE, Gold. Xiaomi Redmi 4X Dual Sim - 16GB, 2GB RAM, 4G LTE, Black. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Dual Sim - 16GB, 3GB RAM, 4G LTE, Gold. Xiaomi Redmi 4X Dual Sim - 32GB, 3GB RAM, 4G LTE, Gold - International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Dual SIM - 32GB, 3GB RAM, 4G LTE, Gold - International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Dual SIM - 32GB, 3GB RAM, 4G LTE, Gold - International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Dual SIM - 64GB, 4GB RAM, 4G LTE, Black - International Version. Camera Resolution : 8 mp & above. Ram : 4 gb & above. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Dual SIM - 32GB, 3GB RAM, 4G LTE, Black - International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Dual SIM - 64GB, 4GB RAM, 4G LTE, Gold - International Version. Xiaomi Back Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 4X, Navy. Mobile Accessory Type : cases & covers. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Dual SIM - 32GB, 3GB RAM, 4G LTE, Grey - International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Official Screen Protector - Clear. Supported Screen Size : 5.1 to 5.5 inch. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Dual SIM - 64GB, 3GB RAM, 4G LTE, Black - Chinese Version. Xiaomi Back Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 4X, Red. Mobile Accessory Type : cases & covers. Glass Screen Protector With Clear Back Cover for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X. Supported Screen Size : 5.6 - 6 inch. Xiaomi Back Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 4X, Black. Mobile Accessory Type : cases & covers. Supported Screen Size : 4.6 - 5 inch. Xiaomi Back Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 4X, Rose Gold. Mobile Accessory Type : cases & covers. Xiaomi Redmi 4x Tempered Glass Screen Protector 2.5D Curve Full Cover Film - White. Supported Screen Size : 4.6 - 5 inch. Xiaomi Back Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 4X, Gold. Mobile Accessory Type : cases & covers. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Dual SIM - 64GB, 4GB RAM, 4G LTE, Grey - International Version. Xiaomi Redmi 4X Official Back Case - Clear. Mobile Accessory Type : cases & covers. Xiaomi TPU Back Cover for Xiaomi Redmi 4X - Black. Mobile Accessory Type : cases & covers. Xiaomi Redmi 4x Tempered Glass Full Cover Screen Protector With Black Frame. Supported Screen Size : 4.6 - 5 inch. Xiaomi TPU Back Cover for Xiaomi Redmi 4X - Blue. Mobile Accessory Type : cases & covers. Xiaomi Redmi 4x Screen Protector - Clear. Supported Screen Size : 4.6 to 5 inch. Xiaomi Redmi 4x Tempered Glass Screen Protector 2.5D Curve Full Cover Film - Black. Supported Screen Size : 5 inch. Xiaomi Redmi 4x Tempered Glass Screen Protector 2.5D Curve Full Cover Film - Gold. Supported Screen Size : 4.6 - 5 inch. Xiaomi Redmi 4x Tempered Glass Screen Protector 2.5D Curve Full Cover Film - Gold. Supported Screen Size : 4.6 - 5 inch. (Nano Glass Full Color Screen Protector for REDMI 4X (BLACK. Supported Screen Size : 4.6 - 5 inch. Previous 1 2 3 4 5 Next. This item is currently out of stock. Order now, only 0 left in stock!. Have a question or an issue? We are here to help. Popular Searches White Friday IPhone 6 IPhone 7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Mobile Shop Huawei GR5 Oneplus 3 IPhone 6S Infinix Zero 3 Abayas. My Account Log In / Register My Shopping Cart My Orders My Addresses Wish Lists Account Settings Account Summary Intellectual Property Brand and Copyright Owners Marketplace Sellers. Selling on Souq.com Sell on souq.com How It Works Selling Policies Seller Terms and Conditions Fulfilled by Souq FAQs Buying on Souq.com How to Buy Return Policy Advertise with us Help. About Us Media Center Careers Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Affiliate Program. 
May 20, 2017 | Filed in: Android .. Press and hold Volume Up key + Power Key about 10 seconds. Release only Power key when Mi logo appears. Keep pressing Volume Up key until Recovery mode appears. Press and hold Volume Down key + Power Key about 10 seconds. Release all key when Fastboot Mode appears. In Recovery Mode, Select English using Volume keys and press Power key to confirm. Use Volume Down key to select Wipe & Reset and Press power key to confirm. Use volume down key to select Wipe all data and Press power key to confirm. Use volume down key to select Yes and press Power key to confirm. How to enter Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Recovery Mode, Fastboot Mode, Bootloader mode, Hard reset and Soft reset. We can do it with 2 ways by pressing combinations of external hardware keys and from Settings menu.. Recovery Mode Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). Hard reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). Warning! If you perform a hard reset, make sure to back up important data. The data can not be recovered after perform a hard reset. If you forgot your unlock pattern, It will remove your forgotten pattern unlock.. Related Posts: How to Unlock Bootloader Xiaomi Mi 4c, Redmi Note 3, Mi Note Pro, Redmi 3, Mi 4S, Mi 5 and… Xiaomi Redmi Note Xiaomi Redmi Note 4G Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 Xiaomi Redmi 2A. Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) More. Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window). Tags: factory reset , hard reset , master reset , recovery mode , soft reset , Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). How to root Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 8.0 SM-T715 Android 7.0 Nougat. How to root Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 8.0 SM-T715Y Android 7.0 Nougat. How to root Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 SM-T719Y Android 7.0 Nougat. How to Root Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 SM-T815Y Android 7.0 Nougat. How to root Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 LTE SM-T817W Android 7.0 Nougat. Fix Boot Loop After Update Samsung Android Firmwares. How to Root Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro SM-J730G Android 7.0 Nougat. Update Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro SM-J730G to Android 7 Nougat. Update Samsung Galaxy J7 SM-J730GM Android 7 Nougat. How to Fix Custom Binary blocked by FRP Lock J7 SM-J710FN (2016). Update Samsung Galaxy J2 SM-J200M to Android 7.1.1 Nougat. Android Recovery Mode, Hard Reset, Firmware Update, Rooting. Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.. 
Covering The Latest Android Firmwares, Updates, News, Apps, Custom ROMs, Tips and How To Guides. AndroidXDA - Covering The Latest Android Firmwares, Updates, News, Apps, Custom ROMs, Tips and How To Guides. Home How To How To Update Xiaomi Redmi 4/4x to MIUI 9.1.1.0 Global Stable ROM. How To Update Xiaomi Redmi 4/4x to MIUI 9.1.1.0 Global Stable ROM. Last updated Dec 10, 2017. Update Xiaomi Redmi 4X To crDroid Android 7.1.2 Nougat Custom ROM. Install MIUI 8.2.4.0 Global Stable ROM On Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime. How to Install TWRP Recovery and Root Any Xiaomi Device. How To Update Xiaomi Redmi 4/4x to MIUI 9.1.1.0 Global Stable ROM. Finally, Xiaomi has started rolling out the MIUI 9.1.1.0 Global Stable ROM for Redmi 4/4x. This latest official update is still based on Android 7.1 Nougat and comes with all the MIUI 9 features, performance, stability improvements, optimization, the new application and some bug fixes. Also, the update brings tons of new features like Smart Assistant, Smart App Launcher, Image Search, Performance Enhancements, New display formats for update logs in Updater, a new fingerprint for the first time and much more. Xiaomi rolled out this latest MIUI 9.1.1.0 update via OTA (Over-the-Air), which means not all users can get the update at the same time. If you have yet received this official OTA update in your region and you are excited to install MIUI 9.1.1.0 Global Stable ROM on your Redmi 4/4x then still you can install it manually by following this simple step by step guide.. This latest MIUI 9.1.1.0 Global Stable ROM is loaded with all new features and regular bug fixes like Multi-window support, Always-on VPN, Dual space feature, Home screen assistant, New icons, Deep-level system optimizations and much more. We always strongly recommended that keeping updated your Android devices to the latest official update released by Xiaomi. Not necessary but it is better to take a full backup of all your valuable data. If you are interested in installing this MIUI 9.1.1.0 Global Stable ROM on your. Xiaomi Redmi 4/4x then go ahead and follow the given steps.. How To Install Stable Android 8.1 Oreo Update For Nokia 8. Download Huawei Mate 9 B371 Android Oreo Firmware (How To…. How To Root Galaxy A5 2017 with CF-Auto-Root on Android…. How To Install Resurrection Remix Android 8.1 Oreo On Xperia…. Note: Warning: Before Getting Started: Required Files: Method 1:. MIUI 9.1.1.0 Recovery stable ROM: Method 2: FastBoot Rom:. This guide containing the MIUI 9.1.1.0 Global Stable ROM update can be used for the Redmi 4/4x device only. Do not try to install this firmware on any other device or incorrect variant. It is recommended to check the model number of your device first.. AndroidBlog.GS will not be held responsible for any kind of damage occurred to your Xiaomi Redmi 4/4x device during or after the installation of MIUI 9.1.1.0 Global Stable ROM Update. Create a proper backup of all your existing data and settings on the phone before moving to the installation guide using a recommended custom recovery. Enable USB Debugging Mode on the Xiaomi Redmi 4/4x by navigating to Settings > Developer Options. Verify that you’ve correctly installed the Xiaomi Redmi 4/4x USB Drivers on the PC. Make sure that the battery level of the device is above 80% before going ahead. Steps to Install MIUI 9.1.1.0 Global Stable ROM on Xiaomi Redmi 4/4x:. First, download the MIUI 9.1.1.0 Global Stable ROM Update file. from above link and rename it to Update.zip.. Connect your Xiaomi Redmi 4/4x with your. Move the MIUI 9.1.1.0 Global Stable ROM files to your phone.. Go to Updater App from your phone app menu, and. Click on the three dots ( ‘…’ ). at the top-right corner, and select the ‘ choose update package ‘.. The installation process will be initiated, so wait for the installation to be completed.. the Official update MIUI 9.1.1.0 Global Stable ROM on Xiaomi Redmi 4/4x.. First, Download and Install Mi Flash tool on your PC/laptop.. Download the MIUI 9.1.1.0 Global Stable ROM Update file. Move the MIUI 9.1.1.0 Global Stable ROM files to the desktop of your PC/laptop.. Step No 4: Power ON the device while pressing and holding the. Connect your Redmi 4/4x Plus with your. Open the MiFlash tool and paste the ROM folder path.. Now, click on Flash button to start flashing process. Once, flashing process is completed you will see a Success message in Xiaomi Flash Tool.. The installation process will be initiated, so wait for the installation to be completed.. the Official update MIUI 9.1.1.0 Global Stable ROM on Xiaomi Redmi 4/4x.. Android 7.1 Nougat MIUI 9 Official Updates Redmi 4 Redmi 4 X Update Redmi 4X Xiaomi. Facebook Twitter Google+ ReddIt WhatsApp Pinterest. Create and Pin Notes to the Notification Area with Collateral. 5 Lightweight Alternatives for Facebook Android App. Install Android 8.0 Oreo update for Galaxy S8 and S8+ [Stable]. Download T820XXU1ARA2 January 2018 Security Patch on Galaxy Tab S3 (WiFi). Update QMobile Noir i2 Power to Android 6.0 Marshmallow Stock ROM. How To Download MIUI 9.2.6.0 Global Stable ROM for Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus. Your email address will not be published.. How to Restore Honor 8 Pro To Stock Android Firmware. Install Android 8.0 Oreo update for Galaxy S8 and S8+…. Download/Install Asus ZenFone 3 Oreo Firmware Update…. How to Boot Android Device into Safe Mode [2 Methods]. Install Resurrection Remix Oreo Android 8.1 on Samsung…. Google Apps (GApps) – Download Gapps for Android. Download Latest SuperSu v2.82 (Flashable Zip and APK…. Download Framaroot v1.9.3 APK To Root All Android…. How To Update Oppo F1s To Android 7.1.2 Nougat Via…. Download Odin ROM Flashing Tool for All Samsung…. Update Google Pixel 2 to Android 8.1 Oreo OPM1 Feb 2018…. Install Latest OnePlus 5T OxygenOS 5.0.3 Update – OTA…. Download and Install OPN27-74 Moto Z Play Oreo Soak Test Now. © 2018 - Android Geeks Blog. Android is the trademark of Google.Inc. 
A password will be e-mailed to you.. Mobile Hard Reset- Free Smartphone Problem Solution Provider. All Acer Alcatel Allview Archos Asus BenQ BlackBerry BLU Celkon Coolpad Dell Phones Gigabyte Gionee Google Google Nexus Htc Mobile Huawei Icemobile Intex iPhone Karbonn Kyocera Lava Lenovo LG Mobile Maxwest Meizu Phones Micromax Microsoft Motorola. Xiaomi Mi A1 Hard Reset and Factory Reset Best Solution. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Hard Reset and Factory Reset Solution. How to Master Format Vivo V7 Plus with Safety Hard Reset. How to Hard Reset LG V30 with Factory Reset Guide. Home Problem Solving Hard Reset How to Hard Reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Smartphone. How to Hard Reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Smartphone. Why Reset Your Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Smartphone?. How To Get Paid Android Apps For Free On Play Store Without Root. How To Wifi Password Hack Using Android Device Without Root 100% Work. How To Take 360 Degree Photo In Any Android Device And Upload FB. How To Factory Reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). How To Hard Reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). A hard reset or factory data reset may help with apps crashing, blank or frozen screen, can’t hear, keypad/touchscreen problems, device making noises, calls make or receive problem, and the device won’t sync, etc. So when you face the issues mentioned above, you will need to reset your mobile phone. Before applying the resetting methods, you must remove your google account from your Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) smartphone. And then apply these hard reset process.. When you hard reset your smartphone,. you must backup your all data, because after hard reset you lost your all valuable data from internal memory.. Now Let’s see how to hard reset/factory reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X).. First Turn on your Xiaomi smartphone.. go to Setting >> Scroll and select. Aditional Setting >> again scroll and select Backup & reset >> Factory Data Reset >> Reset phone >> Erase. Turn off your Xiaomi Android Smartphone.. Release any Sim card or sd card. Step 3: Press and Hold Vol Up key. Now here you see three 3 languages, select the English language by. Vol – key , and press Power key to confirm.. Now Select “Wipe & Reset”. by scrolling Vol Down key and then press Power key to Confirm.. Step 6: Then Select “Wipe All Data” by scrolling Vol Down key. and then press Power key. ( Note: Before wipe reset must backup your all important data. Because when your hard reset your all data will be deleted. For backup your data, Visit Here:. Step 7: Now choose Yes option by scrolling Vol Down key. Wait until Wipe Data Complete and press Power key for the Back previous option .. Step 9 : Now choose Reboot. and press Power key, here choose Reboot To System and again press. Step 10 : After few seconds your phone will reboot and your hard reset solution is successfully completed.. TAGS cell phone reset factory reset hard reset how to how to factory reset how to hard reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) factory reset Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) hard reset. Previous article How to Hard Reset Xiaomi Mi 6 Smartphone. Next article How to Hard Reset OnePlus 5 with Factory Reset Tips. Xiaomi Mi A1 Hard Reset and Factory Reset Best Solution. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Hard Reset and Factory Reset Solution. How to Master Format Vivo V7 Plus with Safety Hard Reset. BlackBerry Z10 Hard Reset / Master Reset Guideline For Mobile User. mobileadmin - February 21, 2017. The BlackBerry Z10, the first smartphone with the all new BlackBerry 10 OS (Operating System), is at last in our hand. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Hard Reset And Factory Reset Best Solution. How to Hard Reset Samsung Galaxy J2 With Factory Reset. How To Hard Reset Samsung Galaxy Ace GT-S5830i, S5830. Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Hard Reset / Factory Reset And Unlock.... Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. 
You're a power user moving through this website with super-human speed. You've disabled JavaScript in your web browser. A third-party browser plugin, such as Ghostery or NoScript, is preventing JavaScript from running. Additional information is available in this support article .. As you were browsing Creative Market something about your browser made us think you were a bot. There are a few reasons this might happen:. After completing the CAPTCHA below, you will immediately regain access to Creative Market.. Estaba navegando por nuestro sitio rapidísimo, a una velocidad sobrehumana. Ha desactivado JavaScript en su navegador. Un plugin o aplicación de terceros, como Ghostery o NoScript, está bloqueando JavaScript. Consiga más información al respecto en este artículo :. A medida de que visitaba Creative Market algo en su navegador nos hizo pensar que podría ser un bot (robot informático). Esto puede ocurrir por varias razones:. Le daremos acceso inmediato a Creative Market después de completar el CAPTCHA a continuación.. Vous êtes un utilisateur surhumain qui navigue le site à la vitesse de l'éclair. Vous avez désactivé JavaScript dans votre navigateur. Un plugin ou une extension de votre navigateur comme Ghostery ou Noscript empêche JavaScript de fonctionner proprement. Des infos supplémentaires sont disponibles dans cet article .. Un élément suspect de votre navigateur nous laisse à penser que vous êtes un bot. Quelques raisons pour lesquelles cela peut arriver:. Après avoir validé le CAPTCHA ci-dessous, vous récupèrerez immédiatement votre accès normal à Creative Market.. You reached this page when attempting to access http://creativemarket.com/vecras/1893930-Xiaomi-Redmi-4-4x-UV-TPU-Clear-Case from 222.164.145.44 on 2018-02-26 10:07:05 UTC. 
The next video is starting stop. Xiaomi Redmi 4/4X- Lineage OS 14.1 ROM(7.1.2).. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Unlock bootloader : https://youtu.be/sGG6TRosD00 Install twrp : https://youtu.be/pQ9-KqZpvYo --------------------------------------------------------------------------- Download links --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ROM : G-drive : http://adf.ly/1ncKmd GAPPS: http://opengapps.org (recommended: arm64, 7.1, nano) Recent apps fix : https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2Nw... (flash this to fix recent apps) ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ Custom ROMS for Redmi 4 /4X Mokee(6.0.1) : https://youtu.be/wtKs4CHE_IQ Lineage os (6.0.1): https://youtu.be/fdFaGWejITc MIUI multi rom (7.1.2): https://youtu.be/wWaRXZHZfmw Color OS: https://youtu.be/CYndcpHxc70 Yureka Black OS(7.1.2) : https://youtu.be/N8O9QAfBWI8 Flyme 6: https://youtu.be/PwGrp_an-is Resurrection Remix (6.0.1): https://youtu.be/YLc1KsE8p5k Lineage OS 14.1(7.1.2): https://youtu.be/5sMz_BPZqqg MIUI pro rom (7.1.2): https://youtu.be/GEPx7dLjgTA ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ VIDEO GEAR I USE : Tripod : http://amzn.to/2vigkDx Smartphone Mount : http://amzn.to/2viTiwt Microphone : http://amzn.to/2viJXob ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ JOIN ME ON: ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ ► TWITTER : https://twitter.com/dragon2droid ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ intro credits intro by dope motions : https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgvr... intro music by 20syl : https://www.youtube.com/user/20syl ------------------------------------------------------------- music credits ●Soundcloud - https://soundcloud.com/aka-dj-quads ●Instagram - https://www.instagram.com/djquads/ ●Twitter - https://twitter.com/DjQuads Bay Breeze by FortyThr33 https://soundcloud.com/fortythr33-43 Music provided by Audio Library https://youtu.be/XER8Zg0ExKU. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. LINEAGE OS vs STOCK ANDROID SPEED TEST | Lineage Os and Stock Nougat Performance Comparison!. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Установка и обновление [OFFICIAL] LineageOS 14.1 20170125 nightly kenzo || Xiaomi redmi note 3. Xiaomi Redmi 4/4X- Lineage OS 14.1.VoLte|Stable. Bosan Dengan MIUI? Coba Install ROM AOSP Extended Redmi Note 4/4X Mido+GAPPS Stock Smooth. LINEAGE OS VS RESURRECTION REMIX ! Speed Test , Performance , Benchmarks Comparison. Kali Nethunter Rom - Most Advanced Hacking OS - Redmi note 4. 25+ Features in Official Lineage OS 14.1 (Android 7.1.2, Performance Comparison, Benchmark). Xiaomi Redmi 4X vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Cherry Coca-Cola Test!. Pixel 2 ROM for Redmi 4/4x. MIUIPRO Custom Rom for Redmi 4/4X Review. Xiaomi Redmi 4/4X - MIUI Pro (7.1.2).Feature packed !!!. Official Lineage OS 14.1 For Redmi Note 4/4x - How To Install. Redmi 4 | Installing LineageOS 14.1. Pixel 2 ROM for Redmi 4/4x | best custom ROM for Redmi 4 | nougat | stable | Oreo | review | pixel 2. MIUI 9 vs RESURRECTION REMIX [ROM][7.1.2] Speedtest - Stock vs Custom Rom in Redmi Note 4 !. Redmi Note 4📱| How to install 🔥Android 8.1 (Oreo)🔥 based Pixel 2 Experience ROM. MIUI 9 For Redmi Note 4/4x - How To install (Step By Step Guide). LINEAGE OS vs RESURRECTION REMIX [ROM][7.1.2] Speedtest - Battle of Custom Rom in Redmi Note 4 !. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Cost-effective Cheaper More expensive Performance Camera Battery Smaller Larger. Kimovil shows stores that deliver to your country. Convert prices to your local currency. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. How much do you want to spend on your next smartphone? We compare specifications and prices of smartphones and tablets. Less than 420 € Sure?. Less than 40 € Sure? Less than 50 € Sure? Less than 60 € Sure? Less than 70 € Sure? Less than 80 € Sure? Less than 90 € Sure? Less than 100 € Sure? Less than 110 € 503 smartphones Less than 120 € 579 smartphones Less than 130 € 677 smartphones Less than 140 € 785 smartphones Less than 150 € 853 smartphones Less than 160 € 914 smartphones Less than 170 € 976 smartphones Less than 180 € 1028 smartphones Less than 190 € 1079 smartphones Less than 200 € 1107 smartphones Less than 210 € 1139 smartphones Less than 220 € 1175 smartphones Less than 230 € 1200 smartphones Less than 240 € 1226 smartphones Less than 250 € 1259 smartphones Less than 260 € 1284 smartphones Less than 270 € 1301 smartphones Less than 280 € 1322 smartphones Less than 290 € 1334 smartphones Less than 300 € 1354 smartphones Less than 320 € 1387 smartphones Less than 340 € 1414 smartphones Less than 360 € 1435 smartphones Less than 380 € 1453 smartphones Less than 400 € 1474 smartphones Less than 420 € 1483 smartphones Less than 440 € 1501 smartphones Less than 460 € 1511 smartphones Less than 500 € 1529 smartphones Less than 540 € 1542 smartphones Less than 580 € 1558 smartphones Less than 620 € 1566 smartphones Less than 660 € 1578 smartphones Less than 700 € 1587 smartphones Less than 800 € 1602 smartphones Less than 900 € 1610 smartphones Less than 1000 € 1614 smartphones Less than 1100 € 1615 smartphones Less than 1200 € 1615 smartphones Less than 2000 € 1616 smartphones. Best Sellers 1 Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus 3GB 32GB £ 111 € 126 $ 155 R$ 502 zł 525 руб 8,752 ₹ 10,038 2 Xiaomi Mi Note 3 6GB 64GB £ 216 € 246 $ 302 R$ 979 zł 1,024 руб 17,049 ₹ 19,554 3 OnePlus 5T 6GB 64GB £ 336 € 382 $ 470 R$ 1,524 zł 1,593 руб 26,539 ₹ 30,438 4 LeEco Le Pro 3 X722 4GB 32GB X722 £ 114 € 130 $ 160 R$ 519 zł 542 руб 9,034 ₹ 10,361 5 Xiaomi Mi6 6GB 64GB £ 277 € 315 $ 387 R$ 1,255 zł 1,312 руб 21,852 ₹ 25,062 View full list. Top "I want" 1 LeEco Le Max 2 £ 111 € 126 $ 155 R$ 501 zł 524 руб 8,727 ₹ 10,009 2 LeEco Le Pro 3 X722 £ 114 € 130 $ 160 R$ 519 zł 542 руб 9,034 ₹ 10,361 3 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 £ 101 € 115 $ 141 R$ 457 zł 478 руб 7,961 ₹ 9,131 4 Xiaomi Mi5 £ 214 € 243 $ 299 R$ 969 zł 1,013 руб 16,875 ₹ 19,355 5 Xiaomi Mi6 £ 277 € 315 $ 387 R$ 1,255 zł 1,312 руб 21,852 ₹ 25,062 View full list. Top "I have/had" 1 LG G3 2 OnePlus One £ 184 € 209 £ 212 € 241 $ 257 $ 296 R$ 833 zł 871 R$ 961 zł 1,005 руб 14,515 ₹ 16,647 руб 16,737 ₹ 19,196 3 Motorola Moto G 2014 4 2 Samsung Galaxy S5 £ 179 € 204 $ 251 R$ 813 zł 850 руб 14,160 ₹ 16,240 5 Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge £ 337 € 383 $ 471 R$ 1,528 zł 1,598 руб 26,621 ₹ 30,532 View full list. Special Deals Add to compare 11% LeEco Le 2 Pro X25 32GB X625 € 95 £ 84 $ 117 руб 6,598 ₹ 7,567 zł 396 R$ 379 € 85 £ 75 $ 105 руб 5,903 ₹ 6,770 zł 354 R$ 339 Add to compare 7% Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus 3GB 32GB Global € 137 £ 120 $ 168 руб 9,514 ₹ 10,912 zł 571 R$ 546 € 128 £ 113 $ 157 руб 8,889 ₹ 10,195 zł 534 R$ 510 Add to compare 2% Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 Special Edition € 519 £ 456 $ 638 руб 36,044 ₹ 41,339 zł 2,164 R$ 2,070 € 510 £ 448 $ 627 руб 35,418 ₹ 40,622 zł 2,127 R$ 2,034 Add to compare 5% Ulefone Mix 4GB 64GB € 110 £ 97 $ 135 руб 7,639 ₹ 8,762 zł 459 R$ 439 € 105 £ 92 $ 129 руб 7,292 ₹ 8,363 zł 438 R$ 419 Add to compare 7% Xiaomi Redmi 5 2GB 16GB € 110 £ 97 $ 135 руб 7,639 ₹ 8,762 zł 459 R$ 439 € 102 £ 90 $ 125 руб 7,084 ₹ 8,124 zł 425 R$ 407 Add to compare 8% OnePlus 5T 8GB 128GB € 489 £ 430 $ 601 руб 33,960 ₹ 38,950 zł 2,039 R$ 1,950 € 451 £ 397 $ 555 руб 31,315 ₹ 35,916 zł 1,880 R$ 1,798 View all prices. We compare the prices and features of smartphones like this. Screen 6" Storage 64 GB RAM 6 GB AnTuTu 66.545 Camera 15.9 Mpx Battery 12000 mAh Ki 9.3 Cost-effective View datasheet. £ 177 £ 177 £ 193 € 202 € 202 € 220 $ 248 $ 248 $ 270 R$ 804 R$ 804 zł 841 zł 841 R$ 875 zł 915 руб 14,004 руб 14,004 руб 15,245 ₹ 16,061 ₹ 16,061 ₹ 17,485 -- Local price £ 177 Local price € 202 Local price $ 248 Local price £ 254 Local price € 289 Local price $ 355 Local price R$ 804 Local price zł 841 Local price R$ 1,152 Local price zł 1,205 Local price руб 14,004 Local price ₹ 16,061 Local price руб 20,070 Local price ₹ 23,019 View all prices. Top user satisfaction View full list. 1 Xiaomi Mi Note 3 6GB 64GB £ 216 € 246 $ 302 R$ 979 zł 1,024 руб 17,049 ₹ 19,554 2 OnePlus 5T 6GB 64GB £ 336 € 382 $ 470 R$ 1,524 zł 1,593 руб 26,539 ₹ 30,438 3 OnePlus 5 6GB 64GB A5000 £ 336 € 382 $ 470 R$ 1,524 zł 1,593 руб 26,539 ₹ 30,438 4 ZTE Axon 7 4GB 64GB A2017G £ 260 £ 278 £ 281 € 296 € 316 € 319 £ 354 $ 364 £ 380 $ 389 $ 392 € 403 € 432 $ 495 $ 531 R$ 1,181 zł 1,235 R$ 1,262 R$ 1,272 zł 1,320 zł 1,331 R$ 1,606 zł 1,680 R$ 1,722 zł 1,801 руб 20,568 руб 21,980 руб 22,161 ₹ 23,590 ₹ 25,210 ₹ 25,417 руб 27,976 руб 29,990 ₹ 32,086 ₹ 34,396 5 OnePlus 3 6GB 64GB EU A3003 £ 284 € 323 $ 397 R$ 1,288 zł 1,347 руб 22,431 ₹ 25,727. 6 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 4GB 64GB G955F £ 536 £ 540 £ 562 £ 593 € 610 € 614 € 639 € 675 $ 750 $ 755 $ 786 $ 830 R$ 2,432 R$ 2,448 zł 2,544 R$ 2,548 zł 2,560 zł 2,664 R$ 2,691 zł 2,814 руб 42,363 руб 42,641 руб 44,377 руб 46,867 ₹ 48,587 ₹ 48,906 ₹ 50,897 ₹ 53,752 7 Samsung Galaxy S8 4GB 64GB G950F £ 436 £ 476 € 496 £ 501 € 541 € 569 $ 610 $ 665 $ 700 R$ 1,979 zł 2,070 R$ 2,156 zł 2,255 R$ 2,269 zł 2,373 руб 34,470 руб 37,553 руб 39,526 ₹ 39,534 ₹ 43,070 ₹ 45,334 8 Xiaomi Mi Note 2 4GB 64GB £ 212 € 241 $ 296 R$ 961 zł 1,005 руб 16,739 ₹ 19,198 9 Huawei Honor 9 AL10 4GB 64GB £ 232 € 263 $ 324 R$ 1,050 zł 1,098 руб 18,288 ₹ 20,975 10 Meizu Pro 5 3GB 32GB £ 321 € 365 $ 449 R$ 1,456 zł 1,523 руб 25,358 ₹ 29,083. Thanks to the user reviews you can make a better decision Kimovil. Latest on sale Add to compare Cubot R11 £ 93 € 106 $ 130 R$ 421 zł 441 руб 7,340 ₹ 8,418 Add to compare Nokia 6 (2018) £ 159 € 180 $ 222 R$ 720 zł 753 руб 12,535 ₹ 14,377 Add to compare HTC U11+ £ 498 € 566 $ 696 R$ 2,257 zł 2,360 руб 39,307 ₹ 45,082 Add to compare Meizu M6 Note 4GB 32GB M721Q CN £ 207 € 236 $ 290 R$ 940 zł 983 руб 16,375 ₹ 18,780 Add to compare Asus ZenFone Max Plus ZB570TL 32GB £ 190 € 216 £ 239 £ 244 $ 265 € 272 € 278 $ 334 $ 342 R$ 861 zł 900 R$ 1,083 R$ 1,109 zł 1,133 zł 1,159 руб 14,990 ₹ 17,192 руб 18,867 руб 19,307 ₹ 21,639 ₹ 22,143 Add to compare BQ Aquaris VS 4GB-64GB £ 166 £ 175 € 189 € 199 $ 232 $ 245 R$ 754 zł 788 R$ 794 zł 830 руб 13,126 руб 13,820 ₹ 15,054 ₹ 15,851. Rumors Add to compare R Meizu E3 4GB-64GB Add to compare R Xiaomi Mi Mix 2s Add to compare R Xiaomi Mi 7 Add to compare R Doogee V Add to compare R Xiaomi Mi 6x 64GB Add to compare R Xiaomi Mi A2 64GB. Price drops of the day Add to compare 63% Koolnee K1 £ 107 € 122 $ 150 R$ 486 zł 509 руб 8,469 ₹ 9,714 Add to compare 45% Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) J330F DS £ 71 € 81 $ 100 R$ 324 zł 339 руб 5,646 ₹ 6,476 Add to compare 41% Meizu M5 note 4GB 64GB £ 85 € 97 $ 119 R$ 386 zł 403 руб 6,719 ₹ 7,706 Add to compare 29% Nokia 6 4GB 32GB £ 129 € 147 $ 181 R$ 587 zł 614 руб 10,220 ₹ 11,721 Add to compare 40% Meizu MX6 4GB 32GB £ 118 € 134 $ 165 R$ 534 zł 558 руб 9,294 ₹ 10,659 Add to compare 30% Meizu MX6 3GB 32GB £ 118 € 134 $ 165 R$ 534 zł 558 руб 9,294 ₹ 10,659 View more. Featured Brands Apple BQ Huawei Lenovo LG Meizu Microsoft Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi. Best Ki Quality/Price Add to compare OnePlus 5T 6GB 64GB £ 336 € 382 $ 470 R$ 1,524 zł 1,593 руб 26,539 ₹ 30,438 Add to compare OnePlus 5 8GB 128GB A5000 Plus £ 376 € 428 $ 526 R$ 1,705 zł 1,783 руб 29,701 ₹ 34,064 Add to compare Samsung Galaxy S8 4GB 64GB G950FD (Dual SIM) £ 456 £ 480 € 519 € 545 $ 638 $ 671 R$ 2,069 zł 2,164 R$ 2,175 zł 2,274 руб 36,043 руб 37,877 ₹ 41,338 ₹ 43,442 Add to compare Sony Xperia XZ Premium G8142 Dual Sim £ 384 £ 400 € 437 € 455 $ 537 $ 559 R$ 1,742 R$ 1,812 zł 1,822 zł 1,895 руб 30,348 руб 31,565 ₹ 34,807 ₹ 36,202 Add to compare Samsung Galaxy S8+ 4GB 64GB G955FD (Dual SIM) £ 494 £ 513 € 562 € 583 $ 691 $ 717 R$ 2,241 R$ 2,325 zł 2,343 zł 2,431 руб 39,029 руб 40,486 ₹ 44,763 ₹ 46,435 Add to compare Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge SM-G935FD DUAL 32GB £ 354 £ 366 € 403 € 416 $ 496 $ 512 R$ 1,607 R$ 1,659 zł 1,680 zł 1,734 руб 27,987 руб 28,886 ₹ 32,099 ₹ 33,130 View more. Latest Added Add to compare 11 hours ago Samsung Galaxy S9+ G965F 6GB 128GB £ 950 € 1,080 $ 1,328 R$ 4,306 zł 4,503 руб 74,990 ₹ 86,008 Add to compare 2 days ago Cubot R11 £ 93 € 106 $ 130 R$ 421 zł 441 руб 7,340 ₹ 8,418 Add to compare 2 days ago Nokia 6 (2018) £ 159 € 180 $ 222 R$ 720 zł 753 руб 12,535 ₹ 14,377 Add to compare 3 days ago HTC U11+ £ 498 € 566 $ 696 R$ 2,257 zł 2,360 руб 39,307 ₹ 45,082 Add to compare 3 days ago Samsung Galaxy S9+ G965F 6GB 64GB £ 848 € 965 $ 1,186 R$ 3,846 zł 4,022 руб 66,990 ₹ 76,832 Add to compare 3 days ago Samsung Galaxy S9 4GB 64GB (EU) £ 760 € 864 $ 1,062 R$ 3,444 zł 3,602 руб 59,990 ₹ 68,804 View more. 9% de descuento en móviles disfruta de un 9% de descuento en móviles en www.gearbest.com. 5€ discount, spend over 200€ and save 5€. 14% de descuento en tablets disfruta de un 14% de descuento en la sección de tabletas en www.gearbest.com. +1 year extended warranty by doctor smartphone for kimovil users. 5€ de descuento en el 100€ pedido. 3 € de descuento en todos los móviles.. Get 5% off by using coupon code ip7g18866 to buy x1t mini twins true stereo wireless bluetooth 4.2 in-ear earphone headset with mic for iphone / ipad / ipod / pc and other bluetooth devices(black). 6.99€ de descuento en pedidos superiores a 315€. 10€ de descuento en pedidos superiores a 450€. Get 5% off by using coupon code ip6g26102 to buy all in one foldable universal travel ac adapter charger (uk + us + eu) plugs + 2 usb ports power adapter(black). 5€ discount for all purchases higher than 150€. We track prices in over 140 stores... Powerplanet BuyinCoins Tomtop Deal Extreme LightInTheBox Gearbest GeekBuying AliExpress - Hong Kong Goldway Amazon.es. Coupons Buying Guide Help Contact Facebook Twitter About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. There are unanswered questions about the mobile devices you use, please help us by answering them!. 
Cellular: Mobile Phones, Call Contracts, Content, MMS and SMS. It is free, and it takes less than 1 minute to register.. It is free, and it comes with many benefits.. Results 1 to 1 of 1. Join Date Mar 2016. The Xiaomi Redmi 4/4X is now available in SA - https://mia.africa.com/za/redmi-phones/redmi-4x-32gb. Detailed Specs - http://www.gsmarena.com/xiaomi_redmi_4_(4x)-8608.php. Cellular: Mobile Phones, Call Contracts, Content, MMS and SMS. Eskom and Electricity: Load Shedding, Generators, UPS, Alternative Power. Vodacom Broadband and Mobile Internet | LTE, HSPA+, HSDPA, 3G, EDGE, GPRS and BIS. MTN Broadband and Mobile Internet | LTE, HSPA+, HSDPA, HSUPA, 3G, EDGE and BIS. Cell C Broadband and Mobile Internet | LTE, HSPA+, 3G, EDGE, GPRS and BIS. Telkom Mobile (8ta) Broadband and Mobile Internet | LTE, HSPA+, 3G, EDGE, GPRS and BIS. Cellular: Mobile Phones, Call Contracts, Content, MMS and SMS. Gaming Consoles: PS4, XBox 360,PS3, PSP, Wii, PC Vita, Wii U, 3DS, 3DS XL. Motoring and Transportation: Cars, Bikes and Planes. TV Services, including DStv, Video on Demand, Video Streaming. Questions and Answers, Problems and Solutions. IT Jobs Wanted, and Skills Offered. 4x4 Community - SA 4x4 Community Forum. Bike Hub - Mountain Biking, Road Cycling and Multisport Discussions. SA Gamer - South African Gaming Community. Last Post: 16-02-2018, 11:25 AM. By xrapidx in forum Classifieds - For Sale. Last Post: 24-07-2017, 07:33 AM. Last Post: 19-04-2017, 12:00 PM. Last Post: 08-11-2016, 09:34 PM. Last Post: 24-05-2016, 07:39 PM. You may not post new threads. You may not post replies. You may not post attachments. You may not edit your posts. BB code is On. [IMG] code is On. [VIDEO] code is On. 
