Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Free shipping on all orders over $75 USD in Singapore!. Free shipping on all orders over $75 USD in Singapore!. Beautylish offers free shipping to Singapore on all orders $75 USD and up. (After any applicable discounts are applied.) For all other orders, we offer $10 USD flat rate shipping.. Orders shipped to Singapore may require a signature for delivery. We are currently unable to ship to P.O. Our customer service team in San Francisco is ready to assist you.. 7 AM – 7 PM PST. 9 AM – 6 PM PST. Beautylish offers free shipping to Singapore on all orders $75 USD and up. (After any applicable discounts are applied.) For all other orders, we offer $10 USD flat rate shipping.. Orders shipped to Singapore may require a signature for delivery. We are currently unable to ship to P.O. Jamie Kern Lima, Co-Founder and CEO of IT Cosmetics spent years as an award-winning tv news anchor, hiding her rosacea and hyperpigmentation under layers of makeup. As a reporter and avid researcher, she devoted herself to finding the best cosmetic and skin care products available. When she couldn't find them, she partnered with leading plastic surgeons to create IT Cosmetics.. IT stands for Innovative Technology and they're all about about helping you find the right solution to all your skin care problems. These products are packed with cutting-edge, high performance skin-loving ingredients that help you look and feel great.. Sign up to get updates about IT Cosmetics :. From rosacea to dark circles, IT Cosmetics was developed with leading. plastic surgeons to deliver real results for your most beautiful skin.. Bye Bye Redness Redness Erasing Correcting Powder. Bye Bye Redness Skin Relief Treatment Moisturizer. Superhero Eye Transforming Anti-Aging Super Palette. Superhero 4-in-1 Eye-Transforming Super Shadow and Liner Brush. Heavenly Luxe Double Airbrush Foundation Brush. Bye Bye Under Eye Anti-Aging Concealer. Je Ne Sais Quoi Lip Treatment. Your Skin But Better CC+ Cream with SPF 50+ Travel Size. Heavenly Luxe Radiance Wand Brush #14. Vitality Lip Blush Hydrating Gloss Soft Stain. Heavenly Luxe Magic Eraser Brush #15. Heavenly Luxe Complexion Master Brush #16. Heavenly Luxe Plush Paddle Foundation Brush. Your Most Beautiful You Anti-Aging Face Palette. IT'S Your Beauty Award-Winning Must-Haves Palette. Vitality Flush Stain Stick Lip & Cheek Reviver. Vitality Lip Blush Hydrating Gloss Stain. Your Je Ne Sais Quoi Complexion Perfection Face Palette. Naturally Pretty Essentials Matte Luxe Transforming Eyeshadow Palette. Heavenly Luxe You Sculpted! Contour & Highlight Brush #18. Heavenly Skin Skin-Smoothing Complexion Brush #704. Your Skin But Better CC+ Cream with SPF 50+. Bye Bye Pores Poreless Finish Airbrush Powder. Tightline Full Lash Length Black Mascara Primer. Hello Lashes Clinically Shown 5-in-1 Mascara. CC+ Veil Beauty Fluid Foundation SPF 50+. CC+ Veil Beauty Fluid Foundation SPF 50+ Refill. Your Skin But Better CC+ Illumination with SPF 50+. Your Skin But Better CC+ Airbrush Perfecting Powder SPF 50+. IT-O2 Ultra Repair Liquid Oxygen Foundation. 50 Serum Anti-Aging Collagen Veil Primer. Feel The Moment Anti-Aging Ultra Hydrating Sensory Awakening Primer Serum. CC+ Eye Physical SPF 50 Color Correcting Concealer. Tightline Waterproof Full Lash Length Black Mascara Primer. Hello Light Anti-Aging Luminizing Crème Stick. Vitality Cheek Flush Powder Blush Stain. 1 Matte Luxe Transforming Eyeshadow Palette. Naturally Pretty Eye Shadow Trio Pretty In Amber. Naturally Pretty Eye Shadow Trio Matte Luxe. Naturally Pretty Eye Shadow Trio Pearl Luxe. Naturally Pretty Eye Shadow Trio Pretty In Nudes. Naturally Pretty Eye Shadow Trio Pretty In Plum. Naturally Pretty Eye Shadow Trio Pretty In Smoke. Vitality Lip Flush 4-in-1 Reviver Lipstick Stain. Vitality Lip Flush Butter Gloss Joyful. Vitality Lip Flush Lipstick Butter In Love. YLBB Your Lips But Better Waterproof Lip Liner Stain. Heavenly Luxe Airbrush Powder & Bronzer #1. Heavenly Luxe Dual Airbrush Concealer #2. Heavenly Luxe French Boutique Blush #4. Heavenly Luxe No-Tug Dual Eyeshadow #5. Heavenly Luxe Flat Top Buffing Foundation #6. Heavenly Luxe Complexion Perfection Brush #7. Heavenly Luxe Wand Ball Powder #8. Heavenly Luxe Pointed Precision Complexion #11. Heavenly Luxe Must Haves Brush Set. Bye Bye Pores Silk HD Anti-Aging Airbrush Bronzer. Luxe Anti-Aging High Performance Eye Shadow Palette with Dual Brush. Sign up to learn about new product releases and special offers!. 
GSM 900 / 1800 / 850 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 40(2300), 41(2500). 154 x 78.7 x 9.4 mm (6.06 x 3.10 x 0.37 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~68.8% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~267 ppi density). microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot). 13 MP (f/2.2, 28mm), autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. - Fast battery charging: 30% in 30 min (Quick Charge 1.0). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime - user opinions and reviews. Just got a new update in India miui 9220. Phone doing good performance but till date no update..anyone know when update will be available. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Redmi Y1 (Note 5A) Xiaomi Redmi Note 4G Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 (Redmi 5 Plus) Xiaomi Redmi 5A. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 (Redmi 5 Plus) Xiaomi Mi A1 Xiaomi Redmi 5A Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime smartphone was launched in December 2015. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime price in India starts from Rs. The Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is powered by 1.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime runs Android 4.4 and is powered by a 3100mAh removable battery. It measures 154.00 x 78.70 x 9.40 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 185.00 grams. The Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM and Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Xiaomi Redmi Note, Redmi Note Prime Receiving MIUI 9.2 Global Stable Update: Reports. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Price in India Down to Rs. 7,999; Offers on Mi 4 and Mi 4i. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime With 4G Support, 3100mAh Battery Launched at Rs. More Xiaomi mobiles Xiaomi mobiles price in India. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Price in India Redmi Note Prime (White, 16GB, 2GB RAM) Rs. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime detailed specifications. Release date December 2015 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 154.00 x 78.70 x 9.40 Weight (g) 185.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3100 Removable battery Yes Colours White. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels. Processor 1.2GHz quad-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 32. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Operating System Android 4.4 Skin MIUI 7. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G No 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. 4 Out of 5. 5 Star 1 4 Star 4 3 Star 1 2 Star 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 5 of 5 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Ravi Thummar | 29 Jan 2017. but this phone to use to so hot. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. average phone ! but good enough. By Zuby Zubair | 7 Aug 2016. i bought this phone ! its a nice phone !! but battery is not upto mark !. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. awesome 4G smarthphone but heats well so. By Prakash Sendre | 15 Jun 2017. I had brought this on dec15 ,it is phone with very good battery life ,rear camera and LTE connectivity but failes on heat issue. BUt with 1.5 years desipte being on 1.2GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor and 2 GB of ram it doesn't hang thanks to ice on cake MIUI user interference which doesn't feel it lags .. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Best Dual 4G Supported LTE Mobile. By Mahidhar Reddy | 3 Jun 2017. Jio sim is working well in my phone.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By MOCHERLA SHARMA | 19 Dec 2015. Under 10000 category one of the best phones to acquire. Rear Camera is good but front Camera needs some fine tuning under low light conditions. Drain on the battery is considerable due to many pre loaded apps and a few tips from the tech Gurus will make the matter easy. Dual SIM activation leads you call making a bit time taking but can be solved by adding SD card. Back white cover is quite silky and needs good flip cover support. On the whole a good gadget for low end users.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 8 out of 12 people found this review helpful. Xiaomi Redmi Note, Redmi Note Prime Receiving MIUI 9.2 Global Stable Update: Reports. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Price in India Down to Rs. 7,999; Offers on Mi 4 and Mi 4i. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime With 4G Support, 3100mAh Battery Launched at Rs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Y1 Xiaomi Redmi Y1 Lite Xiaomi Redmi 5A Xiaomi Mi Note 3 Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 Special Edition Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 Xiaomi Mi A1 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Xiaomi Mi 5X Xiaomi Redmi 5 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus Xiaomi Mi 6 Xiaomi Redmi 4X Xiaomi Mi 5c Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Xiaomi Mi MIX Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Xiaomi Mi Max Prime Xiaomi Redmi 3S Plus Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus Xiaomi Mi 5s Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs. Apple iPhone 6s Plus Gionee F103 Pro vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Xiaomi Mi 5 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Lenovo Vibe K5 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs. Lenovo A7000 Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs. Iball Andi5t Cobalt2 Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs. Samsung Galaxy A5 2016 vs. Samsung Galaxy A7 2016 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Xiaomi Mi Max vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs. Xiaomi Redmi 2 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4a vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Xiaomi / Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 7.7 Expert Score 3.7 5277 Ratings 16 Questions & Answers. It has a 5.5-inch HD (1280x720 pixel) LCD display. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is a dual-SIM smartphone running Android 4.4 KitKat. are the latest versions of this mobile. The Redmi Note Prime has a 13 MP primary camera and a 5 MP front-facing camera. Connectivity includes 4G, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS and a microUSB 2.0 port. The phone is powered by a 1.2 GHz quad-core Snapdragon 410 processor and 2GB of RAM. It comes with 16 GB of built-in storage which can further be expanded. The device has a removable 3,100 mAh battery .. Best Price: ₹ 7,999. Key Specifications Snapdragon 410 processor 2GB RAM 16GB internal storage 3100 mAh battery 13 M.Pixels rear & 5 M.Pixels selfie 5.5 inch screen Dual SIM (Micro-SIM) Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat). Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Price in India. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is at Amazon. Redmi Note Prime is not available in other online stores.. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime: Pros & Cons. Good Stuff Decent camera output Good hardware for the price Bright and vivid display Bad Stuff Plastic back panel feels cheap Slow performance while multitasking Battery life is poor; no quick charging. Xiaomi, following the launch of Redmi Note 2, has come up with yet another variant of the Note. The latest offering known as the Redmi Note Prime comes with a more powerful chipset and a bigger battery.. The phone is priced below Rs. The smartphone ships with a 5.5-inch HD display which offers a 178-degree viewing angle and produces crisp and clear images. Also, the device can be easily read while outdoors. Over a big screen, you can enjoy videos, play games and browse the web. The device runs MIUI 7 based on the Android 4.4 KitKat operating system.. In terms of imaging, the Redmi Note Prime replicates the Redmi Note 2 as there is the same 13-megapixel rear camera on board. The camera supports Full HD video recording and also comes with an LED flash which helps in low-light photography. On the front, to take selfies and make video calls the smartphone has a 5-megapixe front-facing camera.. To let things run smoothly, the device is powered by a 64-bit quad-core Snapdragon 410 chipset at a clock speed of 1.2 GHz as opposed to the MediaTek SoC on the Redmi Note 2. There is 16GB of onboard storage which can be used for storing apps and other data. The internal storage on the smartphone can further be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. The Redmi Note Prime can also be used for lag-free multitasking as it has 2GB of RAM .. The Redmi Note Prime comes with options such as 4G , Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, GPS, Bluetooth 4.0 and a microUSB 2.0 port. The smartphone is fuelled by a Li-Ion 3,100 mAh removable battery that lasts really long and is available in white colour.. The Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is available via online retailer Amazon.in and Mi.com.. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Specifications Display Display Type IPS LCD Resolution 720x1280 pixels Size (in inches) 5.5 Pixel Density 267 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Screen to body percentage 68.8% Design and Build Dimensions 6.0 x 3.1 x 0.3 inches Weight 185 grams Software Operating System Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat) Camera Rear Flash Yes Selfie Flash No Primary 13 M.Pixels Front 5 M.Pixels Video [email. protected] Storage Internal 16GB RAM 2GB Expandable MicroSD, 32GB Battery Type Li-Po Talk time 38 hrs (3G) Capacity 3100 mAh Standby Time 775 hrs (3G) Turbo Charge Yes, Quick Charge 1.0 Connectivity Bluetooth v4.0 with A2DP Wi-Fi Yes with Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot 3G Yes USB Micro USB v2.0 Voice Over LTE (VoLTE) No 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Micro-SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Processor Variant Snapdragon 410 Architecture Cortex-A53 No of Cores 4 (Quad Core) Make Qualcomm MSM8916 Frequency 1.2 GHz GPU Adreno 306 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope No Ambient Light No Fingerprint sensor No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. Which one is better between Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime and Asus Zenfone 2 Laser?. I have purchased Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime mobile, and still, I am using this at the office. Up to now, I didn't notice any problem; maybe it was around two years back.. So I suggest you go for Redmi Note Prime mobile.. Redmi Note Prime is better than Asus Laser 2. I use both the phones, but Redmi Note Prime is more compatible and good. I'll recommend you to buy Redmi Note Prime.. Best from the brand like Asus with above 4 star + rating.. Xiaomi is anytime better than Asus. Go ahead with Redmi Note Prime.. Both these phones are old now; you can go for something better.. What is the difference between Redmi note prime and Redmi note 3?. Redmi note 3 is the ultimate device with good camera, VoLTE, good battery backup. Redmi note prime is also good but in comparison with battery backup and features it is not that good.. Difference is that in Redmi note 3 you get the fingerprint sensor option, on the other hand in redmi note prime this feature is not available. Note 3 is compact compared to Note Prime and its performance & camera is far above when compared to Prime. Buy Note 3 / 4 and not Note Prime.. Note Prime has 2GB RAM, 16 GB inbuilt and 13MP rear camera, 8MP front camera. Redmi Note 3 has 3GB RAM, 32GB inbuilt and 16MP rear camera.. Redmi Note 3 has a 16MP camera and it supports VoLTE, whereas Redmi Note Prime has a 13MP camera & VoLTE is not supported.. Can we use 2 sims and a memory card simultaneously?. No, you can't use both the SIMs & a memory card simultaneously. But you can use 2 SIMs simultaneously or 1 SIM & a memory card.. No, it is hybrid sim slot. You can either use 1 sim card and memory card or 2 sim card at a time.. Yes, definitely you can use 2 sims and a memory card together.. What is the megapixels of front and rear camera?. I think it's 5MP camera in the front without flash, and it's quite better than other phones in this budget.. The Redmi Note Prime has a 13 MP primary camera and a 5 MP front-facing camera.. Rear is best when you use HDR, front is manageable.. 5 MP front camera and 13 MP rear camera.. Does both sim support 4G and does it have service center in Bihar?. It has a service center in Patna it supports one 3G SIM and one 4G SIM. No phone in the world shows 4G both at a time.. Yeah, you can use both sim slots with 4G in your state.. No, one sim supports 3G and the other with 4G.. Only 1st sim slot supports 4G.. User Reviews of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. 15 Ratings 9 Reviews. 5 6. 4 2. 3 0. 2 0. 1 3. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Xiaomi mobile price list in India. Lenovo K6 Power price (Rs. Samsung Galaxy On7 Pro price (Rs. Redmi Y1 Lite price in India (Rs. Honor 9 Lite price in India. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime was obtained on 26th February 2018 14:40:04 The Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is available in Amazon The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product.. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Price in India is Rs. 7,999 as on 26th February 2018 14:40:04. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. Electronics Best Sellers Amazon Exclusives Mobiles & Accessories Computers & Accessories Televisions & Home Entertainment Audio Cameras & Accessories Musical Instruments Office & Stationery Buying Guides. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime (White, 16 GB). We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. Available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime (White, 16 GB). We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. 13MP primary camera with ISO, auto focus and 5MP front facing camera. 13.97 centimeters (5.5 inches) HD IPS multi-touch capacitive touchscreen with 1280 x 720 pixels resolution and 267 ppi pixel density. Android v4.4 KitKat based MIUI 7 operating system with 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 quad core processor, Adreno-306 GPU, 2GB RAM, 16GB internal memory expandable up to 32GB and dual micro-SIM dual standby (4G + 4G). 3100mAH lithium-polymer battery providing talk-time of 38 hours and standby time of 775 hours. 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. The order quantity for this product is limited to 1 unit per customer. Please note that orders which exceed the quantity limit will be auto-canceled. Easily Accessible Service Centers across Major Cities in India. > Click here to see the list. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Kaira 0.3mm Pro+ Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime (Clear HD). Defender Ultra Thin 0.3mm Clear Transparent Flexible Soft TPU Slim Back Cover For Xiaomi Redmi Note / Redmi Note Prime(Not compatible with Redmi note 3). Kaira Screen Protectors For Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime 9H. Kaira 98856159529 0.3mm Anti Explosion Premium Tempered Glass, 9H Hardness, Anti-Scratch, Bubble Free & Oil Stains Coating for Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Kaira Back Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime (Guitar). SDO™ Luxury Matte Finish Rubberised Slim Hard Case Back Cover for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4G/Redmi Note Prime - Black. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Click cool pictures in high resolution Powerful Performance Wide Storage Space and Additional Smart Features. Your current phone not capacitive enough to respond effectively to touch? Switch to an extremely responsive 5.5-inches touch screen provided by Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. The 1280 x 720 pixels resolution and 267 ppi density of the screen allows you to view brighter and sharper content on screen.. Capture beautiful shots with the help of two hi-tech cameras of Redmi Note Prime by Xiaomi. The 13 megapixel camera lets you to take beautiful and sharp images with the help of LED flash and Auto Focus technologies. The camera is loaded with other features such as the HDR (High Dynamic Range), smile/face detection and touch focus, which further enhance the quality of your clicks. The 5 megapixel front camera seizes charming selfies for your social networking needs.. The phone from the Redmi Note series comes with Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 + 1.2GHz Quad Core Processor and 2GB RAM which ensure that the apps run seamlessly at a high speed. The v4.4.4 KitKat Android Operating System provides the phone with an ideal platform to operate smoothly. Keeping a phone charger with you at all times is a thing of past now, as Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is equipped with a 3,100 mAh battery which is of Lithium-Polymer make. This battery provides 38 hours of talk time on the 3G network with 775 hours of standby time. Also, you get up to 60 hours of Audio play time.. This Smartphone from the Redmi Note series by Xiaomi comes with an in-built memory space of 16GB which can be further expanded to 32GB via an external SD card. Keep on downloading the latest music videos, apps, games, movies, etc. and forget about deleting old files for giving room to the new ones. This phone comes together with a digital toolbox that includes Proximity Sensors to identify nearby objects and Accelerometer, which is an in-built component for measuring motion and inclination in a mobile phone. This phone also features Bluetooth 4.0 LE, Gyroscope and Dual SIM port.. Technical Specification Basic Specs Processor Quad-core 1.2GHz CPU Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 GPU Adreno 306 OS Android 4.4, optimized with MIUI 7 Call Dual mic noise reduction Memory Capacity RAM 2GB LPDDR3 Flash memory 16GB Max Supports external storage up to 32GB Connectivity Cellular and wireless Supports 4G (FDD-LTE&TD-LTE), 3G(WCDMA) and 2G(GSM) networks 4G FDD-LTE B1 / B3 4G TDD-LTE B40 / B41: 2555-2655MHz 3G WCDMA (900/1900/2100MHz) 2G GSM (850/900/1800MHz) GPS GPS, GLONASS, BeiDou, AGPS Battery 3100mAh (rated capacity), Lithium-ion Polymer Battery Screen Display 13.97cm (5.5") Resolution 1280x720 HD 720p, IPS Multitouch Yes Camera Rear camera 13 MP Front camera 5 MP Flash LED Aperture ƒ/2.2 aperture Camera Features ISO, White balance, Focus balance, Focus mode, Focus area, Auto focus, Screen mode, Zero shutter lag, face recognition, high dynamic range (HDR), real-time filters, Wide-angle (28mm) Video Rear camera 1080P (1920x1080) HD video recording Front camera 720P (1280x720) HD video recording Sensors Gyroscope, Light sensor, Accelerometer, Proximity sensor, Electronic compass For best performance Avoid intensive activities while the device is charging Use the charger provided in the box Tap on the left side key on the bottom of the screen to kill unwanted apps in background Disable the GPS and Bluetooth while you are not using them. With 2G/3G/4G support on both dual SIM slots, there's no stopping when you're with Mi. Manage personal and work calls with ease, with intelligent dual SIM features and detailed preferred network settings for each card.. Stunning 13.97cm (5.5") HD IPS display. Games, ebooks, and videos are vibrant, clearer and bigger than ever. 178° in-plane switching (IPS) technology delivers stunning colour consistency from almost any angle.. With Glass-film-film (GFF) architecture, pixels sit closer to the glass, which allows colours to pop off the screen. Images are not only brighter, but are also less affected by glare.. 3100mAh Li-ion Polymer battery, Longer standby times.. Redmi Note Prime includes a 3100 mAh high-capacity battery that ensures you have the best experience when using your phone. The power efficient Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor coupled with the battery saving features of MIUI, has enabled us to achieve our most impressive battery performance yet.. 14 hours of internet browsing / 38 hours of talk time/ 60 hours of music playback / 775 hours on standby.*. Speed up with the latest 4G LTE networks. Surf, stream and game in the fast lane. With a maximum download speed of 150Mbps*, Redmi Note Prime is fast enough for almost any conceivable wireless application. Enjoy up to 150Mbps download speed and up to 50Mbps upload speed.. Dual-band Wi-Fi / Bluetooth 4.0 LE. Surf faster on Wi-Fi networks with the latest 802.11ac Wi-Fi Standard. Achieve energy efficiency with Bluetooth 4.0 LE.. Take amazing photos: 13MP rear camera | 5MP front camera. Redmi Note Prime's f/2.2, 28 mm wide-angle lens lets you capture more with each shot. More scenery, more friends, more of the moments that matter to you. It focuses in on objects in the foreground of your shot while softly blurring objects in the background.. Qualcomm SnapdragonTM 410, Cortex A53 architecture. With 50% more processing power than its predecessor, Cortex A7, the Cortex-A53 processor on Qualcomm's Snapdragon 410 guarantees a fluid experience even for the heaviest of users. Adreno 306 supports DirectX, OpenCL, FlexRender and other PC gaming technologies for a richer gaming experience. It also has 64-bit capability, which is faster and more powerful than 32-bit processors and allows for more efficient processing and memory use.. Runs MIUI 7, yours by design. Loved by over 150 million users global, our playful and highly customisable Android operating system gets even more personal with MIUI 7. Customise your phone with 4 default UIs: Rosé, High Life, Pink Blush and Ocean Breeze, or select from thousands more on the Theme Store. MIUI 7 also improves system response time by 30% and uses power-saving strategies to give you 10% more battery everyday.. Take your digital toolbox with you wherever you go. Gyroscope Dual SIM Wi-Fi Direct Accelerometer Proximity sensors. USB On-The-Go Bluetooth 4.0 LE Dual Microphone Noise Suppression Micro SD. *Disclaimer: Actual usage and standby times may vary based on network condition. Speeds are based on theoretical throughput and may vary according to site conditions.. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Mobile Phone Information. Product Dimensions 15.4 x 0.9 x 7.9 cm. Batteries: 1 Lithium Metal batteries required. Item model number Redmi Note Prime. Wireless communication technologies Bluetooth, WiFi Hotspot. Connectivity technologies GSM, (850/900/1800 MHz), 3G, WCDMA, (2100 MHz), 4G LTE, WiFi. Special features Video Calls, Dual SIM, GPS, Music Player, Video Player, FM Radio, Light sensor, eCompass, Gyroscope, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, E-mail. Other camera features 5 MP. Whats in the box Handset, Charger and User Manual. #1,822 in Electronics ( See top 100 ). Electronics > Mobiles & Tablets > Smartphones & Basic Mobiles > Smartphones. Date First Available 25 April 2016. Warranty Details: 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ? If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. 5 star 45% 4 star 23% 3 star 9% 2 star 5% 1 star 18%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Poor quality. Phone did not last even one year. It was cheap, but quality was very poor. Automatically on hold, speaker getting activated on its own. Getting muted on its own during Call. I wrote to MI Customer care. Took to Mi customer care center. On insisting, they asked to leave the phone for 3 weeks. I tool it in Jan and had to replace it in November. And cost to change was approx 3K.). Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Super value for money. For the price you get so much more than you pay for and I went in for this over the redmi note 3 simply because of the expandable storage. Battery life: gets through the day on moderate use Sound quality: pretty awesome, tried some flac songs with my m50x plugged in and came short only to fiio headphone amp Display: not as good as fHD ones and has poor sun visibility but is functional, so I'd you're not too picky it just works with no particular frills. Ps the size makes it an excellent device to clash Heating issue: did not face it yet in the month that I have been using it, so no worries on that end Camera: good in ample lighting conditions, but doesn't even match up when it comes to low lighting, if a good camera is what you need then this is not a phone for you. Front facing camera is a joke, and let's end it at that Build quality: the plastic cover does look a little cheap but a good cover can fix that. I did drop it from about 2ft height with no injuries seen on the phone. Conclusion: if you need a phone with a big screen, love news reading and want something that does basic functions like texting, mail, casual gaming then go for this phone, you won't be disappointed. Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is a good mobile as per my perpective. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is a good mobile as per my perpective. Wide screen (5.5") and 16:9 ratio. Since it is having 16 GB internal memory, I can install more apps also. Camera quality is very good(fornt and back). Good sound quality, even when in the croud, I can here the voice of the caller clearly. Some thing which I expected is not availabe. Photo caller id, 2, Polyphonic ring tones. Maps are not working properly without internet connection to identify location. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Defective mobile, pathetic response at service station. Defective handset delivered by seller/Amazon - Mobile had problem in charging since day 1 My problem got fixed after waiting for 1 month & 3 days as I had deposited my 3 months old mobile on 30th June'16 & got it back on 3rd Aug'16. SMS came to my number on 3rd Aug'16 confirming completion of repair service & readiness for handover at a time when I had almost forgotten that I had 3 months old XIOMI mobile bought from Amazon. The great problem which required service center more than a month to fix was that it was not charging due to some problem in charging port. I had this problem since very beginning as it used to start charging after attempting too many non-scientific hit & trial with same pair of charger - mobile - electrical point. So no doubt, Amazon gave me a defective piece of set. Also this problem could have been fixed in 5 minutes’ time at a cost of Rs. 100-200 max by any local mobile technician but I preferred visiting service station due to warranty coverage & anticipating any bigger problem arising during checking only to come to know that there was minor issue in charging port which was not covered under “warranty”. Service station is around 25 KMs away from my house & I had to go there all the way for depositing my mobile requiring another 2 hours of waiting in the que. 570 (no warranty under warranty), 3 visits to service station (150 KMs) & 34 days of waiting to get my 3-month old phone repaired at service center.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Very disappointed with this product and seller. I have purchased Xiomi Redmi Note prime on December 17 ,2015 from the seller E-mobiles through Amazon. After 3 months, we were facing an issue with the phone.The issue was its getting very hot even phone is standalone. The full battery will discharge in 1 hour becuase of this hot. I have reported this to an authorised service center in Trivandrum and they made some repair.They corrected the issue but same problem observed after 1 week. But after 1 week, the same problem exist again and i gave phone to same service center. This time they suggested to replace the board and it took 1 month to get my phone with new board from service center. In april last week I got my phone from service center with new board and issue solved. But from july first week onwards, the same issue occured with new board as well. Very disappointed with this product and seller. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Good and Worthy product .best budget 4 g phone. Am Using since 9 months, I love this phone... disadvantage is old android version KitKat and it is 4G LTE not Volte.Camera quality good .Front camera fine.awesome battery life. if u buying this product take mi protection policy compulsory... after one month of usage , accidentally water went in the phone and total phone is dead .Went to Customer care.Customer service is not good. They charge service charge in the warranty period also.I went local market to repair. Customer care people said that repair cost is equal to phone cost.but I spent 3k outside .So if phone is working Properly no problem, if any problem is their u need to worry so take protection policy of mi .It will cost around 1k. This is for all mi users.Thank you. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars AWESOME AND FIRST CLASS PHONE. Redmi note prime is really nice its battery backup is awesome I.e.fast charging it has 4g sim slot and even 2g and3g its feather touch it doesnt get heated up even after playing lot of net games...it has good sleek design its indded the best phone for u to buy in 4000-13000 range it has really good camera the front and back camera is nice and awesome brightness and clarity both in front and back camera they are awesome even the PIC clicked is cool ............I insist you to buy this phone 2 things users like in this phone is battery and camera. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. the product is made with quality and the specifications under the price is awesome Well budget smartphone are getting awesome with awesome delivery services. 5.0 out of 5 stars Best Smartphone. Thank u for such a wonderful bangles. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Battery issue. 3.0 out of 5 stars Good. Nice fone im using it from last two years. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. A good phone.....Im still having this phone and its jst working fine only problm in power button to wake the phone tat is been adjsted with the volume button to wake... 5.0 out of 5 stars Best phone Ever. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. See and discover other items: Mi Smartphones & Basic Mobiles. Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Xiaomi Redmi Note, Redmi Note Prime Receiving MIUI 9.2 Global Stable Update: Reports. Sumit Chakraborty , 31 January 2018. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Xiaomi Redmi Note will still run Android 4.4 KitKat. The new update brings the MIUI 9.2.3.0 version to Redmi Note Prime. MIUI 9 update on Redmi Note comes with new features and optimisations. Xiaomi Redmi Note has finally received MIUI 9 through a new MIUI 9.2 version, as per user reports. Xiaomi had started rolling out MIUI 9.2 as its latest global MIUI ROM for all its smartphones running MIUI 9 earlier this month. Now, the MIUI 9.2 update is available for both the Xioami Redmi Note and Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime , launched in 2014 and 2015 respectively.. As per GSMArena, citing user reports , the Redmi Note is receiving MIUI 9.2.2.0 version while the Redmi Note Prime is getting the MIUI 9.2.3.0 variant.. The Xiaomi Redmi Note was launched in India back in 2014, running MIUI 5 based on Android 4.2.2. Xiaomi had launched the Redmi Note Prime variant running Android 4.4 KitKat-based MIUI 7 in 2015. With the new custom ROM, Xiaomi hasn't upgraded the current Android version on the Redmi Note Prime as it is based on Android 4.4 KitKat. However, the company has introduced many new features to enhance the experience over the last MIUI 8 version in the Redmi Note Prime.. In the latest update, there is an upgraded Security app with the ability to conduct virus and payment scans. The MIUI 9 update also brings in an improved layout and readability feature for contacts search, better blocklist rules with separated rules for every SIM card, a switch to turn Battery saver automatically when the smartphone is charged, new display formats for updating logs in Updater app, and an option to search for apps in Dual apps settings.. Other key changes include, Mi Mover app now supports data migration restarting, protection from unintentional tapping, Add to Favourites icon adjustments, cleaner removes empty folders better, and overall simplification of the user interface. You can check the availability of the new MIUI update on your Redmi Note 3 by going to Settings > About phone > System update.. It is interesting to note that Xiaomi is introducing its latest MIUI ROM on its older smartphones. Xiaomi Redmi 1S , one of the first Redmi budget smartphones to launch in India, is also receiving MIUI 9 update. Even the Redmi Note 3 also started getting the new MIUI 9.2 version.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Impressive performance Good camera Good screen Great battery life Bad Restricted availability. Read detailed Xiaomi Redmi Note review. Xiaomi Redmi Note, Redmi Note Prime Receiving MIUI 9.2 Global Stable Update: Reports. MIUI 7 Global Released: How to Download and Install It. 75,000 Redmi Note Units Go Out of Stock in 8 Seconds, Says Xiaomi. 75,000 Xiaomi Redmi Note Phones to Go on Sale on Tuesday via Flipkart. More Xiaomi mobiles Xiaomi mobiles price in India. Xiaomi Redmi Note, Redmi Note Prime Receiving MIUI 9.2 Global Stable Update: Reports. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Price in India Down to Rs. 7,999; Offers on Mi 4 and Mi 4i. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime With 4G Support, 3100mAh Battery Launched at Rs. More Xiaomi mobiles Xiaomi mobiles price in India. Further reading: MIUI , MIUI 9 , MIUI 9 update , Xiaomi Redmi Note , Xiaomi Redmi Note MIUI 9 , Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime , Xiaomi Redmi Note prime MIUI 9. iPhone SE 2 Is Not Likely to Include 3D Sensing, Wireless Charging: KGI's Ming-Chi Kuo. Fujifilm to Take Over Xerox in $6.1 Billion Deal, Create Joint Venture. Xiaomi Redmi Note, Redmi Note Prime Receiving MIUI 9.2 Global Stable Update: Reports. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Cameras, Stainless Steel Frame Launched at MWC. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (15). Low pixel density screen (267 ppi). The Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime comes with a 5.5-inch IPS display running a resolution of 720 by 1280. These specs result in a PPI of 267, which is well below that of modern flagships, but acceptable given that we're looking at a budget device. Under the hood, the processing power is drawn from a Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 chipset - 1.2GHz quad-core CPU, Adreno 304 GPU - paired with 2GB of RAM. In the storage department, the Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime comes with 16GB of onboard storage, expandable by up to 32GB more via microSD. Other specs include a 13MP primary camera, a 5MP selfie shooter on the front, a 3100mAh battery, 4G support, as well as dual-SIM capabilities. On the software side, the Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime runs MIUI 7, which is a custom Android 4.4 KitKat-based implementation of the OS.. OS: Android (4.4), Xiaomi MI UI. Dimensions: 6.06 x 3.10 x 0.37 inches (154 x 78.7 x 9.45 mm). Weight: 6.53 oz (185 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Face detection, Geo tagging. Settings: ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Scenes, Effects. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Quad-core, 1200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 38.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 32.3 days (775 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 14 Dec 2015. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Xiaomi launches the Redmi Note Prime in India, an updated Xiaomi Redmi Note 4G. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
India World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos ePaper. See More See Less. 25th Swayamsevak Samagam: Hindus have to unite, India’s responsibility is upon us, says RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat Oust ‘anti-people’ BJP govt from Haryana: Bhupinder Singh Hooda In Fact: Is Bengaluru about to run dry? India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi ‘Stalled projects’ is bad optics, so government moves to tweak label. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime goes on sale at Rs 8,499; will be available on Amazon and. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is priced at Rs 8,499 and will be available exclusively on Amazon.in and Mi.com. Technology Mobile & Tabs Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime goes on sale at Rs 8,499; will be available on Amazon and. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is an enhanced version of Redmi Note 4G with 2GB RAM, 16GB storage.. By: Tech Desk |. Updated: December 15, 2015 9:46 am. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2s to feature Snapdragon 845 SoC, launch set for March. 27 Microsoft, Xiaomi to make AI-powered speakers,. smartphones Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro gets Face Unlock with latest OTA. Xiaomi India’s second ‘Made in India’ smartphone, Redmi Note Prime has been announced. The handset will go on sale from starting today.. The Redmi Note Prime is priced at Rs 8,499 and will be available exclusively on Amazon.in and Mi.com. Sale for this phone will start at 10 am.. Xiaomi announced in August this year that it would manufacture its devices locally in India, and had announced the Redmi 2 Prime as part of this. Redmi Note Prime is the second Mi phone to be manufactured in Sri City, Andhra Pradesh, in partnership with Foxconn Technology Group. Also read: Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 unveiled: Full-metal body, fingerprint sensor and more. Redmi Note Prime is an enhanced version of Redmi Note 4G with 2GB RAM, 16GB storage (expandable to 32GB) and a Snapdragon 410 64-bit processor.. Other specs of the Redmi Note Prime are 5.5-inch HD IPS display (1280 X 720 resolution, 267 PPI), 3100 mAh Lithium-ion Polymer battery, and it has a 13 megapixel f/2.4 rear camera and five megapixel f/2.2 front-facing camera.. “We are really happy to be able to deliver to our promise of continuously innovating and catering to the needs of our Mi Fans. With the launch of Redmi Note Prime, we are glad to provide our Mi Fans an opportunity to upgrade to an even more powerful smartphone with an expanded memory and dual-SIM capabilities,” said Manu Jain, India Head, Xiaomi in a press statement.. Read: Xiaomi Redmi 2 Review: You can’t ask for anything better under Rs 7,000. For all the latest Technology News , download Indian Express App. © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd. Redmi Note 5, Redmi Note 5 Pro first sale: Company claims over 3 lakh units sold in 3. Xiaomi Mi LED Smart TV 4 next sale on February 27 via. May 26, 2017 at 12:11 am. Volume is very slow I am very angry. Jan 8, 2016 at 6:02 am. have the look of total review video on youtube. Jan 8, 2016 at 6:02 am. Jan 8, 2016 at 6:02 am. Apr 7, 2016 at 3:28 pm. 1 Sridevi funeral LIVE UPDATES: Mortal remains to arrive in Mumbai today 2 Sridevi dies at 54, leaves India in shock 3 This video of two Pakistani anchors 'fighting in a newsroom' has gone viral 4 Railway Group D recruitment 2018 for 62,907 posts: Eligibility criteria changes, apply online. Cities Delhi Chief Secretary 'assault' case: Discrepancy in CCTV timing found at Kejriwal's home, Police tells court Former cabinet secretary TRS Subramanian passes away, PM Modi condoles death India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi Opinion Populists are here to stay. They take revenge on soft targets and make people dream Opinion Union Budget 2018 has laid the ground for a higher and sustained economic growth. Entertainment Sridevi death: Everything you wanted to ask, but didn’t Entertainment Here's why Sridevi and Kamal Haasan pairing is irreplaceable Entertainment Sridevi's electric double roles: From Chaalbaaz to Lamhe Trending This video of two Pakistani anchors 'fighting in a newsroom' has gone viral Trending Pakistani airlines hilariously trolled with complaints on Facebook after they put up ad on why everyone should fly with them. Kerala youth Congress leader murder: Govt rejects demand for CBI probe, Assembly disrupted LIVE UPDATES: BJP’s schemes are only for few specific rich industrialists, says Rahul Gandhi in Karnataka Shiv Sena to contest Lok Sabha polls in Goa in alliance with GSM: Sanjay Raut Cities Six teens with earphones run over by train in Uttar Pradesh's Hapur, one critically injured Sports Onus on young pacers to prove mettle Sports India bid farewell to SA tour on a happy note Lifestyle Sridevi: From Queen Bee to Style Star Sridevi as a timeless beauty and fashion icon through the years Technology Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ First impressions and FAQs Technology MWC 2018: LG V30S ThinQ puts the focus on AI-driven camera. Mark Hamill wants to work in Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3, director James Gunn is happy to talk about. it Breathe actor Amit Sadh: I had a troubled. past Not aware of sexual misconduct complaint against governor of southern state, says Home. Ministry BSE waives transaction fees equity segment of Sensex 30. index Kerala youth Congress leader murder: Govt rejects demand for CBI probe, Assembly. Rahul Gandhi is still a child, says Arvind. Mexico arrests 60 in child pornography bust involving 12 nations, rescues 3. Anna University: Students protest leads to revised. Please reload and try again !!!. Copyright © 2018 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. 
Looks like you really like Pricena! To continue browsing we need to make sure you are human :) Just check the box below and you're good to go.. If this doesn't work, please get in touch with us on info[at]pricena.com.. 
The next video is starting stop. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Full Review, Benchmark,Pros & Cons,Every thing you need | Techconfigurations. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Review, Benchmark, Pros & Cons Quick buy @ lowest price : http://www.amazon.in/gp/product/B018U... Detailed Write up ,visit : http://www.techconfigurations.com/201... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Display Scratch Test. [hindi] Redmi Note Prime Benchmarking - Satisfied!!!!!!. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Vs Yu Yureka/Plus. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime- Unboxing! Why is it so hated? With Comparison!. Which one to buy Coolpad Note 3 or Redmi Note Prime. Redmi Note Prime Benchmarking - Satisfied!!!!!!. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Unboxing, Setup & Initial Impressions. Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 VS iPhone 6 - Speed & Camera Test!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 Prime Full Review. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Full Review and Unboxing. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Gaming Review with Ashpalt 8, NOVA 3, NFS !. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime unboxing India. xiaomi Redmi note prime camera review with pictures and video samples. Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 (Prime) Review - Best Budget Phablet?. Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 (2,0 GHz) vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 PRIME (2,2 GHz). Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 (Prime) Review - The Best Budget Phablet?. Samsung Galaxy X Introduction, Most Updated Realistic Design, Foldable Smartphone is Finally Here !!. REDMI NOTE PRIME - Unboxing , User Review And Specification B. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime (White, 16 GB). 5 star 45% 4 star 23% 3 star 9% 2 star 5% 1 star 18%. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime (White, 16 GB). This page works best with JavaScript. Disabling it will result in some disabled or missing features. You can still see all customer reviews for the product.. See all 3,650 positive reviews ›. 5.0 out of 5 stars Super value for money. By Shopper 667 on 12 March 2016. For the price you get so much more than you pay for and I went in for this over the redmi note 3 simply because of the expandable storage. Battery life: gets through the day on moderate use Sound quality: pretty awesome, tried some flac songs with my m50x plugged in and came short only to fiio headphone amp Display: not as good as fHD ones and has poor sun visibility but is functional, so I'd you're not too picky it just works with no particular frills. Ps the size makes it an excellent device to clash Heating issue: did not face it yet in the month that I have been using it, so no worries on that end Camera: good in ample lighting conditions, but doesn't even match up when it comes to low lighting, if a good camera is what you need then this is not a phone for you. Front facing camera is a joke, and let's end it at that Build quality: the plastic cover does look a little cheap but a good cover can fix that. I did drop it from about 2ft height with no injuries seen on the phone. Conclusion: if you need a phone with a big screen, love news reading and want something that does basic functions like texting, mail, casual gaming then go for this phone, you won't be disappointed. See all 1,791 critical reviews ›. 1.0 out of 5 stars Poor quality. By Nishant Sinha on 20 April 2017. Phone did not last even one year. It was cheap, but quality was very poor. Automatically on hold, speaker getting activated on its own. Getting muted on its own during Call. I wrote to MI Customer care. Took to Mi customer care center. On insisting, they asked to leave the phone for 3 weeks. I tool it in Jan and had to replace it in November. And cost to change was approx 3K.). All reviewers Verified purchase only All reviewers Filter by:. All stars 5 star only 4 star only 3 star only 2 star only 1 star only All positive All critical All stars. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Poor quality. By Nishant Sinha on 20 April 2017. Phone did not last even one year. It was cheap, but quality was very poor. Automatically on hold, speaker getting activated on its own. Getting muted on its own during Call. I wrote to MI Customer care. Took to Mi customer care center. On insisting, they asked to leave the phone for 3 weeks. I tool it in Jan and had to replace it in November. And cost to change was approx 3K.). Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Super value for money. By Shopper 667 on 12 March 2016. For the price you get so much more than you pay for and I went in for this over the redmi note 3 simply because of the expandable storage. Battery life: gets through the day on moderate use Sound quality: pretty awesome, tried some flac songs with my m50x plugged in and came short only to fiio headphone amp Display: not as good as fHD ones and has poor sun visibility but is functional, so I'd you're not too picky it just works with no particular frills. Ps the size makes it an excellent device to clash Heating issue: did not face it yet in the month that I have been using it, so no worries on that end Camera: good in ample lighting conditions, but doesn't even match up when it comes to low lighting, if a good camera is what you need then this is not a phone for you. Front facing camera is a joke, and let's end it at that Build quality: the plastic cover does look a little cheap but a good cover can fix that. I did drop it from about 2ft height with no injuries seen on the phone. Conclusion: if you need a phone with a big screen, love news reading and want something that does basic functions like texting, mail, casual gaming then go for this phone, you won't be disappointed. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 3.0 out of 5 stars Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is a good mobile as per my perpective. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is a good mobile as per my perpective. Wide screen (5.5") and 16:9 ratio. Since it is having 16 GB internal memory, I can install more apps also. Camera quality is very good(fornt and back). Good sound quality, even when in the croud, I can here the voice of the caller clearly. Some thing which I expected is not availabe. Photo caller id, 2, Polyphonic ring tones. Maps are not working properly without internet connection to identify location. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Defective mobile, pathetic response at service station. By Amazon Customer on 4 August 2016. Defective handset delivered by seller/Amazon - Mobile had problem in charging since day 1 My problem got fixed after waiting for 1 month & 3 days as I had deposited my 3 months old mobile on 30th June'16 & got it back on 3rd Aug'16. SMS came to my number on 3rd Aug'16 confirming completion of repair service & readiness for handover at a time when I had almost forgotten that I had 3 months old XIOMI mobile bought from Amazon. The great problem which required service center more than a month to fix was that it was not charging due to some problem in charging port. I had this problem since very beginning as it used to start charging after attempting too many non-scientific hit & trial with same pair of charger - mobile - electrical point. So no doubt, Amazon gave me a defective piece of set. Also this problem could have been fixed in 5 minutes’ time at a cost of Rs. 100-200 max by any local mobile technician but I preferred visiting service station due to warranty coverage & anticipating any bigger problem arising during checking only to come to know that there was minor issue in charging port which was not covered under “warranty”. Service station is around 25 KMs away from my house & I had to go there all the way for depositing my mobile requiring another 2 hours of waiting in the que. 570 (no warranty under warranty), 3 visits to service station (150 KMs) & 34 days of waiting to get my 3-month old phone repaired at service center.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Very disappointed with this product and seller. By sebin on 7 July 2016. I have purchased Xiomi Redmi Note prime on December 17 ,2015 from the seller E-mobiles through Amazon. After 3 months, we were facing an issue with the phone.The issue was its getting very hot even phone is standalone. The full battery will discharge in 1 hour becuase of this hot. I have reported this to an authorised service center in Trivandrum and they made some repair.They corrected the issue but same problem observed after 1 week. But after 1 week, the same problem exist again and i gave phone to same service center. This time they suggested to replace the board and it took 1 month to get my phone with new board from service center. In april last week I got my phone from service center with new board and issue solved. But from july first week onwards, the same issue occured with new board as well. Very disappointed with this product and seller. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars Good and Worthy product .best budget 4 g phone. By YASHWANTH on 24 January 2017. Am Using since 9 months, I love this phone... disadvantage is old android version KitKat and it is 4G LTE not Volte.Camera quality good .Front camera fine.awesome battery life. if u buying this product take mi protection policy compulsory... after one month of usage , accidentally water went in the phone and total phone is dead .Went to Customer care.Customer service is not good. They charge service charge in the warranty period also.I went local market to repair. Customer care people said that repair cost is equal to phone cost.but I spent 3k outside .So if phone is working Properly no problem, if any problem is their u need to worry so take protection policy of mi .It will cost around 1k. This is for all mi users.Thank you. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars AWESOME AND FIRST CLASS PHONE. By HIREN - verified customer on 14 April 2016. Redmi note prime is really nice its battery backup is awesome I.e.fast charging it has 4g sim slot and even 2g and3g its feather touch it doesnt get heated up even after playing lot of net games...it has good sleek design its indded the best phone for u to buy in 4000-13000 range it has really good camera the front and back camera is nice and awesome brightness and clarity both in front and back camera they are awesome even the PIC clicked is cool ............I insist you to buy this phone 2 things users like in this phone is battery and camera. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars please help me to sort out the problems. I had purchased redmi 1s for my mom and Redmi note prime fo dad the phones were working good so i thought to purchase redmi note 3 for myself but guys let me tell you this phone is giving me alot of trouble. There are few whose phone is working good so far. It has been only 3 months I have purchased this phone and this phone is giving me tons of problem. 1: I cant make a call neither anyone can call me, if anyone calls me its ringing from dier side but i don"t get any call or any missed call as well and I myself tried calling my phone when i was continously called up my phone it got switched off automatically 2: If I switch off my phone I can"t switch it on again I need a charger for that, that also i have to keep the phone for charging for an hour and then it gets switch on. 3: Most irritating problem I can"t record any video neither watch any video if i try to watch any video on Instagram or any other social media my phone hangs and then I again need to put it for charging to start up. 4: What can be worst then this I cannot listen to songs as well the phone hangs again 5: The phone heats alot so much that after I am done charging the phone I don"t directly catch my phone in my hand I seriously have to wait for it to cool down. 6:All my apps like Instagram, Snapchat,and Ask.fm crashes as soon as I open them which means I am totally not able to use them at all. Thank God atleast my whatsapp is working fine and fine as in only chatting neither can I make a whatsapp call nor send any images to any one. 7:Sometimes my phones suddenly starts blinking and makes some sort of sound as if the phone is automatically going to burn up or burst and I feel like fileling a complaint against this thing but I am just trying to be patient and hoping that you guys sort out my problem as my phone is still in warranty and guarantee as well thank you. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars Simply awesome phone at this price...... By Aman Kumar on 27 January 2016. After using lumia phones for more than 2 years, finally I moved to Android(I am a big fan of windows phones, irrespective of a lack of apps as compared to Android and iOS, I moved to Android as I didn't find a good phone in my budget, 950 & 950 XL came at a very high price and 550 revealed after I purchased this one) but I was very confused and I took a very long time to think of a phone which can be at least as good as my previous lumia's( especially camera ) and I found this phone worth price and suitable for me. Later, I bought Mi 4i and using that one right now and have gifted this one to my uncle. Now, I am waiting for Mi 5 & Mi 5 plus. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 2.0 out of 5 stars Looks Good, Nice Display- Good Sun Light legibility. By Eon on 24 May 2016. Biggest Flops in Xiaomi Smartphone. Pros: Looks Good ,Nice Display- Good Sun Light legibility, MIUI very appealing and Interesting, Battery Back up very nice, Camera both Front and back very Good, Backlight keys for night visibility, One Handed Mode also. Cons: Buggy Experience even Coolpad Has better Polished UI with less bugs. .MKV files will make even worse conditions to your smartphone - battery can go 100 to 30 in 20min - And for this they haven't done anything till now, ashamed - Xiaomi. (Or else its a very good battery can be used for 1 day only thing is that you have to suffice with mp4 and other video formats) Body space have been wasted away and feels too large. Outdated Android Version Worst of All Xiaomi Service Centre - very poor and disgusting response.. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. ← Previous 1 2 3 4 ... Questions? Get fast answers from reviewers. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Mi Redmi 2 Prime 4G (16GB, Grey). 4.0 out of 5 stars 10,155. 3.8 out of 5 stars 1,406. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4G (White, 8GB). 3.9 out of 5 stars 1,834. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Dark Grey, 32GB). 3.8 out of 5 stars 41,590. 4.1 out of 5 stars 9,933. Need customer service? Click here. ‹ See all details for Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime (White, 16 GB). Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs Asus ZenFone 2 Laser 5.5-inch Size compare. Device type Smart phone Smart phone. OS Android (4.4), Xiaomi MI UI Android (5.0), ASUS Zen UI. Dimensions 6.06 x 3.10 x 0.37 inches (154 x 78.7 x 9.45 mm) 6.00 x 3.04 x 0.41 inches (152.5 x 77.2 x 10.5 mm). Weight 6.53 oz (185 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g) 6.00 oz (170 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Features Touch sensitive control keys Touch sensitive control keys. Colors White Black, Gold, Gray, Red, White. Physical size 5.5 inches 5.5 inches. Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels 720 x 1280 pixels. Features Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 4), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features Face detection, Geo tagging Manual focus, Touch to focus, Smile detection, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings ISO control, White balance presets Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Scenes, Effects Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Macro mode, Night mode, Scenes. Front-facing camera 5 megapixels 5 megapixels. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 8916 Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 8916. Quad-core, 1200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit Quad-core, 1200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. 2 GB RAM 2 GB RAM. up to 32 GB up to 128 GB. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 38.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 32.3 days (775 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS 900, 1900, 2100 MHz 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 1, 3 Bands 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 8, 20. Data LTE, HSPA, HSUPA LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Multiple SIM cards 2 slots 2 slots. Sensors Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Notifications Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, dual-band 802.11 b, g, n. Features Mass storage device, USB Host, USB charging Mass storage device, USB charging. GPS, A-GPS, Glonass, BeiDou GPS, A-GPS, Glonass. Navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation Turn-by-turn navigation, Voice navigation. Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Officially announced 14 Dec 2015 06 Aug 2015. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Listed Price : 7,999. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime flaunts a 5.5-inch HD (1280*720 pixels) display with pixel density of 267ppi. The Redmi Note Prime is powered by Qualcomm’s 64-bit Snapdragon 410 quad-core processor paired with 2GB of RAM and 16GB onboard storage. Full Specifications of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. 2G Network Technology GSM 900 / 1800 / 850 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. 3G Network Technology HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100. 4G Network Technology LTE-FDD-B1 / B3;TDD-B40 / B41: 2555-2655MHz. Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. Display Technology IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2GB LPDDR3 RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 32 GB. OS Android 4.4, optimized with MIUI 7. Processor Qualcomm’s 64-bit Snapdragon 410 quad-core processor. Camera resolution 13 MP, f/2.2, 28mm, autofocus, LED flash. Camera Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR. Secondary Camera 5MP f/2.2 front-facing camera. Size (L by B by T) 154 x 78.7 x 9.4 mm. Battery Life - Standby Up to 775 h (3G). Battery Life - Talk Time Up to 38 h (3G). Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime launched for Rs 8,499 on Amazon India: Specifications and features. More on Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Reviews in India. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Features & Specs. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Vs Lenovo A7000. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Vs Lenovo Vibe P1m. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Vs Asus ZenFone 2 Laser. 6,999 Buy Now. 8,999 Buy Now. OS Android 4.4, optimized with MIUI 7. Processor Qualcomm’s 64-bit Snapdragon 410 quad-core processor. Camera 13 MP, f/2.2, 28mm, autofocus, LED flash. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2GB LPDDR3 RAM. Own this mobile? Be first to review. Ritesh Bendre on Dec 14, 2015 01:23 PM. After teasing the launch of new smartphone for more than a .... Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Back Cover. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Hands On. Write a Review on Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
4G TDD-LTE: B40 / B41: 2555-2655MHz. 4G FDD-LTE: B1 / B3. Android v4.4.4 Kitkat with MIUI v9. 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 410. 3,100 mAh , internal rechargeable Li-Po. mm) IPS LCD. 13 Megapixel auto-focus with LED flash. GPS / GLONASS , Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0 , Micro-USB. www .mi .com /in /noteprime /. Redmi Note Prime – official site. This article does not cite any sources. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2015) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message ). The Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime , is a smartphone released in December 2015, developed by the Chinese company Xiaomi Inc. It is a part of the Redmi Note series of smartphones, and succeeded the Redmi Note 4G. Visually similar to its predecessor, it comes with a 5.5-inch screen, a quad-core 1.2. GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor and runs MIUI v5 based on Android 4.2 , which can be upgraded to MIUI v9 based on Android 4.4 .. The Redmi Note Prime has a 5.5 inch HD 720p IPS display, supporting 16-million colors. The device is powered by Qualcomm® Snapdragon 410 and equipped with 2 GB RAM and 16 GB internal storage expandable by microSD slot up to 64 GB. The device also supports LTE-4G Dual SIM with Dual standby. Other features include a microphone, GPS, an 13MP rear camera with auto-focus and LED flash, a 5MP front camera. The battery is 3100mAh which provides 775 hours of stand by. The rear camera is capable of recording videos at 1080p resolution, while the front camera supports 720p resolution recording.. Categories : Smartphones Android (operating system) devices Mobile phones introduced in 2014. Hidden categories: Articles lacking sources from December 2015 All articles lacking sources. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 24 December 2017, at 14:57. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
Press alt + / to open this menu. English (UK) · 中文(简体) · Bahasa Indonesia · Español · Português (Brasil). Privacy · Terms · Advertising · AdChoices · Cookies ·. · 12 February at 05:17 ·. Auto Expo 2018 New Car Launches: ALL IN ONE, Concept Cars, Hyundai, TATA, maruti Suzuki, Kia, Honda https://youtu.be/yc5u5mww488. Auto Expo 2018 New Car Launches: ALL IN ONE, Concept Cars, Hyundai, TATA, maruti Suzuki, Kia, Honda. Auto Expo 2018 New Car Launch News Maruti, Hundai, Honda, Kia, Tata, Mahindra. Follow Me on Instagram: ⏺ http://www.instagram.com/iammh .... · 1 February at 07:41 ·. Mobile Covers in Only 3 Rs. earphones 10 Rs Whole Sale Market https://youtu.be/qUU0GqpSdac. Cheapest Mobile Cover, Tempered Glass, Earphones, USB,OTG ,Laptop Repair NEHRU PLACE DELHI MARKET. Cheapest Mobile Cover, Tempered Glass, Laptop Repair NEHRU PLACE DELHI MARKET Subscribe Me Here : https://goo.gl/WH6cFF Teflon Coating At Home : https://yout.... · 25 January ·. Android 9.0 P Update List Supported Phones getting Android P http://www.rootupdate.com/…/android-9-0-p-update-list-suppo…. Android 9.0 P Update List: Phones getting Android P. Android 9.0 P Update List: Supported Devices getting Android P in 2018 Android 9.0 P Update List Names is Here Google released the highly popular Android 8.0 a. · 18 January ·. Android 9.0 Name, Features and Release Date 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 http://www.rootupdate.com/…/android-9-0-p-name-features-rel…. Android 9.0 P: Name, Features, Release Date and Rumor. Android 9.0 P Name, Release Date and Features Android 9.0 P Name Release Date India: So do you want to Know Android 9.0 Name and Android 9.0 Release Date? if y. · 13 January ·. How to Use Whatsapp in Jio Phone 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 http://www.rootupdate.com/…/…/use-whatsapp-jio-phone-4g.html. How to Use Whatsapp in Jio Phone Trick. How to Install Whatsapp in JioPhone 4G So do you want to Use Whatsapp in jiophone? If yes then you are at right place. Today we are here with the guide on How. · 27 December 2017 ·. JACKETS WHOLESALE MARKET JAFRABAD DELHI 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 https://youtu.be/hKwaI9wmylk. JACKET WHOLESALE MARLKET JAFARABAD CHEAPEST JACKETS MARKET INDIA. JACKET WHOLESALE MARLKET JAFARABAD SEELAMPUR CHEAPEST JACKET MARKET INDIA. Watch the Full Video to Know about Cheapest Jacket market. · 27 December 2017 ·. JACKETS WHOLESALE MARKET JAFRABAD DELHI 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 https://youtu.be/hKwaI9wmylk. JACKET WHOLESALE MARLKET JAFARABAD CHEAPEST JACKETS MARKET INDIA. JACKET WHOLESALE MARLKET JAFARABAD SEELAMPUR CHEAPEST JACKET MARKET INDIA. Watch the Full Video to Know about Cheapest Jacket market. · 23 December 2017 ·. Leather Jackets for Only 250 Rs Palika Bazar New Delhi https://youtu.be/378mE-7i3nY. Cheap JACKETS Delhi | Leather Jackets In Palika Bazar | Cheap Jackets for MEN/WOMEN/KIDS. Delhi Palika Bazar Woolen And Leather Jackets in Delhi Wholesale Market : This is The Video on Cheap Wholesale Market for Leather and Woolen Jackets in Delhi.... · 4 October 2017 ·. Xiaomi Mi A1 Review <3 The best android One Device Ever? https://youtu.be/woDfMzswSKQ. Xiaomi Mi A1 Black Review | Android One | The Best Device Ever ?. Xiaomi Mi A1 Black Review So in this Video we have are here with the Xiaomi Mi A1 Android One Phone Review. Watch the Full Video To Know the Pros and Cons of.... · 5 May 2017 ·. <3 India's Biggest Giveaway 2017 <3 Participate to Win Xiaomi redmi 4A for free and a lot More Prizes Waiting .. { India Giveaway 2017 } Free Redmi 4A Android Mobile and Lots of More Gifts. India Giveaway 2017, Get free Android Mobile in India , Free Xiaomi Redmi 4A. · 25 April 2017 ·. Reliance Jio 3G Sim Launch Date <3 Where to Buy Watch Now : https://youtu.be/9sG_WgKELec. Reliance Jio 3G Sim Launch Date | कहाँ से BUY करें | कब Release Date है. Jio 3G Sim, Jio 3G Sim card, Jio 3G Sim for 3G Handsets : So do you want to know when will the Jio 3G Sim card will be launched in india ? and want to know w.... · 19 April 2017 ·. Xiaomi Mi 6 Launched With 6Gb ram know more here https://youtu.be/MQoTJQeeejw. Xiaomi Mi6 Official Launch Video - Mi 6 Full Video 2017 Flagship. Xiaomi Mi6 Has been Introduced and Xiaomi Mi 6 is Now official, This video Is the Official Launch Of Xiaomi Mi6. Subscribe us Here :- https://goo.gl/mZKLWG .... · 14 April 2017 ·. Join Our Whatsapp Group For All Smartphone Related Problems <3 https://chat.whatsapp.com/4V4QIPYINPg2e0pGdjECv0. · 11 April 2017 ·. Vodafone Which One Is Best In Network Coverage https://youtu.be/fNa64lAWmG4. Airtel in Manali Hills : My Genuine Opinions. Airtel vs Idea in Manali Hills, so Recently i visited To Manali And there i compared All 3 Major Networks and I was shocked with the Perform.... · 4 April 2017 ·. Reliance Jio 4G Laptop Launched <3 Review Price and Specifications Here :- https://youtu.be/COoOy2UniI4. Reliance Jio 4G Laptop Review, Price, Specifications and Release date. Jio 4G Laptop price, Reliance Jio 4G Laptop Release date, Reliance Jio 4G Laptop Specifications : Reliance has been killing the Market these days. · 31 March 2017 ·. Reliance Jio Free Net Again Extended Here is How to Enroll yourself for Jio Summer Surprise https://youtu.be/Kb-nVpfLt6k. Reliance Jio Summer Surprise Details, Free Net Again for 3 Months. Reliance Jio Summer Surprise Post, Details about the Reliance Jio Summer Surprise Programme has been shared in this Video.Jio has announced its ‘Jio Summer S.... · 25 March 2017 ·. Oppo f3 Plus review https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOZmNc302gw. Oppo F3 Plus Review - Worth at 30,990 ?. Oppo f3 plus has been launched at 30,990 rupees in india and the smartphone comes with a massive 6 inch screen along with dual Secondary cameras. 
Home > Xiaomi > Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Download Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Stock Firmware (flash file) How to Flash. On this page, you will find the official link to download Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Stock Firmware ROM (flash file) on your Computer. Firmware comes in a zip package, which contains Flash File, Flash Tool, USB Driver and How-to Flash Manual.. File Name : Xiaomi_Redmi_Note_Prime_V8.1.1.0.KHKCNDI_20161116_4.4_China.zip File Size : 1 GB How to Flash : Follow Tutorial Firmware Link : Click here to Start Download. File Name : Xiaomi_Redmi_Note_Prime_V8.1.1.0.KHKMIDI_20161117_4.4_Global.zip File Size : 1 GB How to Flash : Follow Tutorial Firmware Link : Click here to Start Download. Step 1 : Download and extract the Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime stock firmware on your computer.. Step 2 : After extracting, you will be able to get the Firmware File, Flash Tool, Driver and How-to Flash Guide.. Step 3 : Install the provided USB Driver on your Computer if in case USB Driver is already installed, SKIP this step).. Step 4 : Follow the How-to Flash Guide to Flash the Firmware on your Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Device.. [*] Take a Backup : If you are going to flash the above Firmware on your Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime device, then take a backup of everything as because your personal data will be deleted after flashing the stock firmware.. [*] The firmware shared on this page is officially released by the company and helps you to recovery your device if you ever got bootloop, software error, update error, hanging and dead issue.. Alcatel Firmware Samsung Firmware Vivo Firmware. Made with ♥ in Spain | Powered by BlueHost. 
Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Price in India and Specification. Featuring 5.5 inches display, Android OS v4.4.4(Kitkat), 13mp camara, 1.2 GHz quad-core Processor.. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB ... * Prices updated on 26, Feb 2018. * The prices listed have been converted from USD to INR based on exchange rates of 23, Feb 2018.. Please wait for price information to be registered.. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Rs 8,499. Specs of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. MIUI 7, Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat). Micro SIM, Dual SIM, Dual Standby. 3100mAh (rated capacity), 3100/3200mAh (min/typ) Lithium-ion Polymer Battery. 154 x 78.7 x 9.4 mm (6.06 x 3.10 x 0.37 in). Summary of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Features of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Design of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Pros/Cons of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. The Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime model was launched in India, during December 2015. The average price of Redmi Note Prime is 7,999 INR, which is available online ecommerce sites and mi website. The first sale started in February 2016, making it a huge hit by registering 8 lakhs customers before the date of the sale. Also, the prices have changed from the time of launch of this note. Prior to Redmi Note Prime, Xiaomi launched Redmi phones, which was has been quite attractive for the buyers in India. Redmi Note Prime has enhanced RAM and internal storage space, when compared to previous phones of Redmi. Therefore, Redmi Note Prime has been one of the cheap phablets in India launched by Xiaomi.. The Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime has Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410 processor and Quad-core 1.2 Ghz Cortex-A53. The OS version of this phone is Android 4.4.4 Kit-Kat. The Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime model has 2 GB RAM. The internal storage of this phone is 16GB, while the external SD storage is expandable up to 32 GB. This is a touch screen phone with 5.50 inches display. The screen resolution of Redmi Note Prime is 1280x720 HD. The camera quality of Redmi Note Prime has 13 MP primary camera with HD quality pictures and video recording. The secondary camera of this phone is 5 MP, which has a facility of self-timer and auto focus. The brightness and saturation level of enhances the picture quality of the clicked pictures. The phone has dual-micro sim options along with dual stand by feature. The phone has 2G, 3G and 4G(LTE) type networks for high speed internet and connection quality. The networks supported by these connections are 2G- GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900, 3G- HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100, TD-SCDMA and 4G- LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) for high speed upload and download. This phone has Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Hotspot with Infrared facility to sync your phone. The navigation is easy by GPS for finding and tracking locations on maps/google maps. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is featured with removable battery capacity of 3000 mAh. The Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime weighs 185 g. The sensors available in this phone are Light Sensor, Touch Sensor, Proximity Sensor, Gyroscope and electronic compass.. The design of this phone is a bar shaped with dimensions 154 x 78.7 x 9.4 mm (6.06 x 3.10 x 0.37 in). The phone is available in white with metallic body finish. The 5.5 inches display gives large screen display, which make this note worth buying. Xiaomi has improved the best resolution feature of the time with 1280x720 resolution, along with real time filters.. The camera quality of Redmi Note Prime has good saturation level along with HD recording and auto focus feature. The facial recognition helps in detecting the object and clicking good pictures. However, the RAM of this note should have been increased. Also, the battery backup of this phone is not durable for long use.. Reviews of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. User Review : 9 Reviews. A Very NICE Phone by Xiaomi Mobile company, I had ever seen. It comes with 5.5" display display with 13 MP back ... its design is very best looking very nice mobile phone. my redmi nite prime processing is very fast good ... Gsjhddmvhdnbsv very good and the other hand if you are not the same time I am looking for the an hour email ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Forum of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. MADE IN INDIA (Check the image) 2. MIUI, the MI user interface one of the most customizable, powerful, features packed android user interface. You get almost everything a smartphone user needs without the help of any third-party apps. Last updated : 22, Dec 2016. Replies of This topic : 0 Replies. Start a topic on this product. View the forum on this product. Compared to Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. 5 inches, 720 x 1280 pixels. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. Lowest Price : Rs 6,273. 5.00 inches, 720 x 1280 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. Lowest Price : Rs 4,999. 5 inches, 1920 x 1080 res... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. Lowest Price : Rs 4,950. 5.5 inches, 1920 x 1080 p... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 3... Lowest Price : Rs 8,807. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 3.... Lowest Price : Rs 8,900. Most viewed ranking for Xiaomi Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
Log in and comment. You're almost done! Define a user name and password.. Hey you, we are hiring! Join us if you are an author, developer or designer!. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime - 5.5-inch HD, Snapdragon 410, 4G Dual SIM Smartphone. 16 GB in-buit storage, up to 32 GB expandable. Games, ebooks, and videos are vibrant, clearer and bigger than ever. 178° in-plane switching (IPS) technology delivers stunning colour consistency from almost any angle. With Glass-film-film (GFF) architecture, pixels sit closer to the glass, which allows colours to pop off the screen. Images are not only brighter, but are also less affected by glare. 14 hours of internet browsing / 38 hours of talk time/. 60 hours of music playback / 775 hours on standby. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is a. display smartphone loaded with the Android v4.4 KitKat. It is a dual SIM smartphone with support of 4G/3G/2G SIMs. 13MP rear camera with auto-focus and flash and a. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Price in India : unavailble. Preview : Android KitKat based smartphone at the time of Android MarshMallow does not make any sense. Other specs are good but there are many smartphone's in the same price range which offer similar specs with Android Lollipop OS.. With 2G/3G/4G support on both dual SIM slots, there's no stopping when you're with Mi. calls with ease, with intelligent dual SIM features and detailed preferred network settings for each card.. With 50% more processing power than its predecessor, Cortex A7, the Cortex-A53 processor on Qualcomm's Snapdragon 410 guarantees a fluid experience even for the heaviest of users. Adreno 306 supports DirectX, OpenCL, FlexRender and other PC gaming technologies for a richer gaming experience. It also has 64-bit capability, which is faster and more powerful than 32-bit processors and allows for more efficient processing and memory use.. Stunning 13.97cm (5.5") HD IPS display. Take amazing photos - 13MP rear camera | 5MP front camera. Redmi Note Prime's f/2.2, 28 mm wide-angle lens lets you capture more with each shot. More scenery, more friends, more of the moments that matter to you. It focuses in on objects in the foreground of your shot while softly blurring objects in the background.. 3100mAh Li-ion Polymer battery, Longer standby times.. Redmi Note Prime includes a 3100 mAh high-capacity battery that ensures. you have the best experience when using your phone. Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor coupled with the battery saving. features of MIUI, has enabled us to achieve our most impressive. Runs MIUI 7, yours by design. Loved by over 150 million users global, our playful and highly customisable Android operating system gets even more personal with MIUI 7. Customise your phone with 4 default UIs: Rosé, High Life, Pink Blush and Ocean Breeze, or select from thousands more on the Theme Store. MIUI 7 also improves system response time by 30% and uses power-saving strategies to give you 10% more battery everyday.. Technical Specifications for Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Quad-core 1.2GHz QualcommÂ® Snapdragon 410, Adreno 306 GPU. B1 / B3 / B40 / B41. Zero shutter lag, face recognition, high dynamic range (HDR), real-time filters, Æ/2.2 aperture. MP3, aac, aac+, eaac+, amr, wb-amr, midi, ogg. Gyroscope, Light sensor, Accelerometer, Proximity sensor, Electronic compass. Redmi Note Prime, 3100mAh battery, EU Adapter, USB2.0 cable, User Guide, Warranty Card. Lenovo Yoga 730 with Alexa and Flex 14 2-in-1 convertibles announced. Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact launched with 2:1 HDR display and Snapdragon 845 SoC. MediaTek Helio P60 with dedicated AI chip announced at MWC 2018. ZTE Blade V9 and V9 Vita launched with 18:9 displays and dual rear cameras. And they have brought out three storage options too. What's best is that we have a 256GB variant as well..... Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus VS Galaxy S8 Plus. This there will be no physical keyboard, but the work will be done via the software keyboard?.... Samsung refreshed DeX features major changes and improvements. Nokia 8 Sirocco is a variant of the flagship that looks better than the Nokia 8 itself.... Nokia 8 Sirocco with curved glass finish, 6GB RAM, OLED display announced. And the Blade V9 also comes with the face detection feature. This makes these Blade phones even better in its....... ZTE Blade V9 and V9 Vita launched with 18:9 displays and dual rear cameras. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime - 5.5-inch HD, Snapdragon 410, 4G Dual SIM Smartphone. Best 5 Android smartphones | Buying Guide [February 2018]. Best dual front camera smartphones | February 2018. Top 5 Android Phablet smartphones | February 2018. Top 5 best bezel-less smartphones | February 2018. 
The next video is starting stop. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Full Review and Unboxing. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Full Review and Unboxing. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Full Review, Benchmark,Pros & Cons,Every thing you need | Techconfigurations. Which one to buy Coolpad Note 3 or Redmi Note Prime. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime- Unboxing! Why is it so hated? With Comparison!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4G review - there are issues!. [hindi] Redmi Note Prime Benchmarking - Satisfied!!!!!!. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime unboxing India. Redmi Note 5 Pro Unboxing and Full Review. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Specs and Prices. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Unboxing and Impressions - We Deserve Better!. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Unboxing, Setup & Initial Impressions. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Display Scratch Test. Redmi Note 3 VS Samsung Galaxy J7 - Speed & Camera Comparison!. Galaxy J7 2016 vs Redmi Note 3 Pro - Speed & Camera Test!. 6 Reasons To Not Buy Xiaomi Redmi Note 3- Crisp Review | Intellect Digest. The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Vs Yu Yureka/Plus. Yu Yutopia Review With Reasons To Buy And Not Buy. Redmi Note 3 VS iPhone 6S Plus - Speed & Camera Test!. REDMI NOTE PRIME - Unboxing , User Review And Specification B. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 33 34 ». Mansoor, 08 Nov 2017 Phone doing good performance but till date no update..anyone know when update will be available Just got a new update in India miui 9220. Phone doing good performance but till date no update..anyone know when update will be available. anu, 28 Sep 2017 it was giving good perfomance since last yr.but now am facing with battery charge drain issue ... more facing the same issue buddy. it was giving good perfomance since last yr.but now am facing with battery charge drain issue which was not an issue till last few months.simple apps like music player etc consume lot of power.get heated automatically without usage.can any one suggest whether the issue is ic or battery.because some days it behaves as normally. when i drag a video so my video quility is worst i am not happy with sound quility. Hello im having problems with my redmi note prime .its not charging prperly sometimes it says 100% and in a minute it goes to 3%.its the only phone that i have and i cant afford anything at the moment and it has all my work information. Hi, I was wondering I have this device but my younger brother been using it untill it can't even turn on. He said its been a while didn't use it or on the device. When he go to a xiaomi dealer shop said the motherboard & software need to be change. Then he ask the salesman to jump start it & resets factory setting. When I took it back tried to charge for 3 hours seem like nothing happened. Appreciate if you could advice the solutions for this since the shop ask for 1k MYR for the repair cost than sounds ridiculous to me. I can't see my shared or download, new feed photos vedios in my phone gyalary.watt can I do to maintain this problem please help me.... where to buy one Prime or 4g. venky, 20 Jun 2017 when switched on MI Screen coming and not go to next step.Pls provide me solution Hard reset it. Gangeshwar, 23 Apr 2017 Best phone Redmi note prime but not volt. I request sir give the update to volt software. Anonymous, 19 Jun 2017 Pl.volte sport Redmi note primr Volte update please. Please send the volte update redmi note prime. when switched on MI Screen coming and not go to next step.Pls provide me solution. Anonymous, 08 Feb 2017 how to enable 4G? Pl.volte sport Redmi note primr. Please send volte update for red mi note prime. Vishnu, 15 Apr 2017 Dear sir/madam/mi users. Recently I had problem with my MI prime note. more Best phone Redmi note prime but not volt. I request sir give the update to volt software.. Yash, 18 Apr 2017 I have done system upgrade to MIUI 8.2.1.0 but android can't be upgrade and not supported volt... I have done system upgrade to MIUI 8.2.1.0 but android can't be upgrade and not supported volte plz enable. Pages: 1 2 3 … 33 34 ». Total of 662 user reviews and opinions for Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Redmi Y1 (Note 5A) Xiaomi Redmi Note 4G Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 (Redmi 5 Plus) Xiaomi Redmi 5A. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 (Redmi 5 Plus) Xiaomi Mi A1 Xiaomi Redmi 5A Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). 
Sign Up Login My Account ▾ Compare ▾. Mobiles ▾ Laptops ▾ Tablets ▾ Smartwatches ▾ TVs ▾ Refrigerators ▾ Microwaves ▾ Washing Machines ▾ Air Conditioners ▾ More Categories ▾. Samsung Apple OnePlus Motorola Xiaomi Asus Oppo Vivo. Upto Rs 5,000 Upto Rs 10,000 Upto Rs 15,000 Upto Rs 20,000 Upto Rs 30,000 View All Mobiles. 4G Phones Big Battery 4GB RAM Big Screen Android Mobile Phones 32GB Storage Fingerprint scanner. Dell HP Lenovo Apple Acer Asus. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 2 in 1 Laptops Core i5 Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Full HD Laptops 8GB RAM Laptops Core i7 Laptops Laptops with SSD. Apple Samsung Lenovo Micromax Asus Microsoft. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Tablet with Calling Facility 4G Tablets All iPads Samsung Galaxy Tablets 3G Tablets. Apple Motorola LG Samsung. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Samsung Sony LG VU Videocon Panasonic Onida Philips. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 3D TVs Curved TVs Smart TVs 32-inch TVs 40-inch TVs LED TVs Full HD TVs. Samsung LG Whirlpool Videocon Godrej Haier Panasonic Electrolux. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. Single Door Refrigerators Double Door Refrigerators Triple Door Refrigerators Mini Refrigerators Refrigerators with water dispenser 5 Star Rated Refrigerators. LG Samsung IFB Bajaj Electrolux Onida Kenstar Godrej. 5,000 Up to Rs. 7,000 Up to Rs. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. Grill Microwave Ovens Convection Microwave Ovens Microwave Oven with Convection and Grill Microwave Oven with 1 Year Warranty Microwave Oven with 2 Year Warranty. LG Samsung Panasonic IFB Videocon Whirlpool Bosch Godrej. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Washing Machines. Fully Automatic Washing Machines Semi Automatic Washing Machines Top Loading Washing Machines Front Loading Washing Machines Washer and Dryer Washing Machine with Heater. Voltas Samsung LG Mitsubishi Whirlpool Blue Star General Hitachi. 25,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 35,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Air Conditioners. 5 Star Rated Air Conditioners 4 Star Rated Air Conditioners 3 Star Rated Air Conditioners 1.5 Ton Split Air Conditioners 1 Ton Split Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Split Air Conditioners. Printers External Hard Disks (HDD) Routers Point and Shoot Cameras DSLR Cameras Fitness Tracker Gaming Consoles. Home Mobile Phones Xiaomi Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is currently not available. Price Specs Quick Review Video News Similar User Reviews Write a Review. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Price by. 60 Value For Money Better Options?. We calculate this score by comparing the specs, price & brand of this product to similarly priced products.. / 10 General Specifications 9. Save Money - Get Price Drop Alerts!. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. Quick Review of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. 2GB RAM - sufficient for an average user Good battery backup Supports 4G LTE Decent 13MP camera. Slightly old processor Lacks Full HD resolution for the display this big at 5.5 inch Quite heavy at 185gms. Buy Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime In India at These Prices. Get additional discount of 5% on online payment. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Full Features & Specifications. / 10 Screen Size 5.5 inch Screen Resolution 1280 x 720 pixels Screen Type LCD Pixel Density 267 PPI Chipset. / 10 Brand Qualcomm Processor Speed 1.2GHz Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 Processor Type Quad-Core RAM 2GB 7. / 10 Graphics Adreno 306 Camera. / 10 Rear Camera Resolution 13MP Front Camera Resolution 5MP Camera Details Zero Shutter Lag, Face Recognition, High Dynamic Range (HDR), Real-Time Filters Video Recording Resolution Full HD Video Recording (1080p) Camera Features Autofocus, LED Flash General Specifications Operating System Android OS Version Android 4.4 KitKat OS Detail MIUI 7 Device Type Touchscreen USB Connector Type Micro USB Features GPS, FM Radio Dimensions (mm) 154 x 78.7 x 9.45 Weight 185 grams Connectivity 4G LTE (India Compatible), 3G, 2G, WiFi, Bluetooth Headphone Jack Type 3.5mm Color White Device Warranty 1 Year Storage. / 10 Internal Storage 16GB Approx. User Available Storage 11GB Card Slot Yes Maximum Card Slot Capacity 32GB Communication SIM Card Slots Dual Network Type GSM SIM Card Type Micro SIM Hybrid SIM (microSD + SIM) No Battery. / 10 Battery Capacity 3100mAh Battery Type Lithium-Polymer (Li-Po) Removable Battery No. Note: Scores are assigned in comparison to similarly priced products. Model Name: Redmi Note Prime. Xiaomi is back with a successor to the Redmi Note 4G named the Redmi Note Prime. In terms of the details not much has been changed in the Redmi Note Prime on the outside as well. The phone has a very similar look & feel as the Redmi Note 4G.. On the front is the same 5.5 inch display with a resolution of 1280x720 with pixel density of 267PPI. The offering was quite decent at the time of Redmi Note 4G but the time has now changed & we expect Full HD resolution (1920x1080) to ship with the devices in the similar range especially for smartphones with 5.1 inch & above display size.. On the inside it has a Snapdragon 410 Quad Core chip clocked at 1.2GHz which is is bumped up a little from it’s predecessor and has 2GB RAM which should be sufficient for smooth multitasking.. The phone sports the same 13MP rear camera sensor with f2.2 aperture and 28mm wide-angle lens & can shoot videos up to 1080p resolution. Like the Note 4G the front is again a 5MP sensor for selfies.. Redmi Note Prime is powered by a 3100mAh battery which sounds good considering the specs and is coupled with battery saving features from MIUI. It is a Dual SIM 4G enabled device & now has an increased internal storage of 16GB which is expandable up to 32GB.. A major let down would be that the device still runs on Android 4.4 KitKat in an era of Marshmallow & running on top is the Xiaomi’s MIUI which is feature packed in itself. The device is currently available in White color only.. Video About Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Price History. Save Money - Get Price Drop Alerts!. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. Elari NanoPhone C LYF Flame 3 Ringing Bells Smart 101 Intex Aqua S1. 4G Mobile Phones Price 13MP - 16MP Camera Phones Below Rs 10000 Price In India Top Selling Mobile Phones Price Android Mobile Phones Price In India Xiaomi Mobile Phones Price All Mobiles Price In India Phones Between Rs. 10,000 Price Budget Mobile Phones (Low Cost) Price In India Samsung Super AMOLED Phones Price Reliance Mobile Phones Price In India. Have you used this product? Write a review of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. 1 Pricebaba user have written their experience with Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. If you own Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime, please do leave your feedback too. Your review would help fellow shoppers take an informed decision.. 5 4 3 2 1 Submit. (Each pro separated by new line). (Each con separated by new line). Articles Related to Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Redmi Note 5 and Note 5 Pro Launched in India, Starting at Rs. What to Expect From the Mi A1’s Successor. Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus is Likely to Arrive in India as Redmi Note 5 in February. Imported Mobile Phones Set To Get More Expensive – Budget 2018. MIUI 9 Starts Rolling For the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Download Link Included]. What to Expect From the Mi A1’s Successor. Xiaomi Mi TV 4 with 55-inch Screen Launches in India at Rs. Xiaomi Mi A1 Starts Receiving Android 8.0 Oreo Update. M-tech Foto 3 – Dual Rear Cameras for Rs. Ziox Duopix F9 with Dual Selfie Cameras Launched. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite With Selfie Flash Launched. An Interesting Story of How Google’s Find my Device Helped Recover a Lost Sma.... Talk about Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime, ask your questions!. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. Samsung Mobile Android Smartphones Vivo Mobiles in India Xiaomi Mi Phones LYF Mobiles All Brands. Home Blog About Us FAQs Contact Us Careers Terms of use Privacy Policy. 100 Million Smiles & Counting Phone Checker App. © 2012-2018 Pricebaba ™ All rights reserved. All trademarks / logos / brands are the property of their respective owners.. Report an error on this page. 
ARY News Live Geo News Express News Ten Sports Makkah Live. Mobile Prices Xiaomi Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is large, technically upgraded and advance in terms of hardware and software specs. It weighs a bit heavier 185 grams. Network Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE 2G bands GSM 900 / 1800 / 850 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G bands HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100 4G bands LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 40(2300), 41(2500) Speed HSPA, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Launch Announced 2015, December Status Available. Released 2015, December Body Dimensions 154 x 78.7 x 9.4 mm (6.06 x 3.10 x 0.37 in) Weight 185 g (6.53 oz) SIM Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by) Display Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 5.5 inches (~68.8% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels (~267 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes - MIUI 7 Platform OS Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat) Chipset Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410 CPU Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Adreno 306 Memory Card slot microSD, up to 32 GB (dedicated slot) Internal 16 GB, 2 GB RAM Camera Primary 13 MP, f/2.2, 28mm, autofocus, LED flash Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR Video [email. protected] Secondary 5 MP, 720p Sound Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic Comms WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP, LE GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS Radio Stereo FM radio USB microUSB v2.0, USB Host Features Sensors Accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Browser HTML5 Java No - Fast battery charging: 30% in 30 min (Quick Charge 1.0) - MP4/H.264 player - MP3/WAV/eAAC+/FLAC player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer Battery Removable Li-Po 3100 mAh battery Stand-by Up to 775 h (3G) Talk time Up to 38 h (3G) Music play Up to 60 h. Now w easily have get any trouble because in this smart phone available the bets battery standby that who we easily get use that every time. Now w easily have get any trouble because in this smart phone available the bets battery standby that who we easily get use that every time. Note of Xiaomi Redmi are good if you want to buy low budgeted phone then you should go for this phone.. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime the smartphone which has the great specs and the amazing price we really need for using the best applications. The xiaomi redmi note prime has the best quality camera result which I really like because I am very eager to take the photos and making the videos. Its price is much expected for me that I can’t afford that but I really like to buy it so now I am wetting to getting down of their high price. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is large, technically upgraded and advance in terms of hardware and software specs. It weighs a bit heavier 185 grams. Starting from the outlook, Redmi Note Prime comes in an IPS LCD capacitive touch screen panel. The screen size of 5.5 inches is pretty huge with sharper and brighter 720 x 1280 pixels resolution, making everything you watch in high definition paying attention to even minor detail. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime comes with multi touch option that allows the users to touch with more than one finger at a time with ease. The phone is coupled with MIUI 7.0 to let the users enjoy all the built in and downloaded applications smoothly and efficiently. Inside the Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime , there is a Quad core processor clocked at a speed of 1.2 GHz that makes it quiet easy for the users to play all the larger applications simultaneously without facing any glitch or over heating issue. Inside the Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime there is a 2 GB RAM and 16 GB mediocre built in memory present. Micro SD card support can allow the users to extend additional space of only 32 GB in your Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. No need to delete previous messages or old applications anymore! Enhance your photography talent with 13 MP back camera at the rear along with auto focus, LED flash, touch focus, geo tagging, face/ smile detection, and HDR. Photos clicked with this phone are bright, clear, sharp and full of life. A 5 MP front snapper with 720p resolution is also there for clicking selfies, and video calling. Connectivity inside Redmi Note Prime comes with Wi-Fi, GPS, Stereo FM Radio, and Bluetooth v4.0 and micro USB v2.0 are all integrated well. Non-removable Li-Po 3100 mAh battery is surely massive enough to keep your phone going no matter how much extensively you use it. You can charge faster up to 30% in just 30 minutes. Get the Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime price in Pakistan updated online on this page. Get your hands on this gorgeous beauty before it’s too late!. full specification & features like front and back camera, battery life, internal. and external memory ram mobile color and other features, also read. reviews, watch video and large front and back images.. Get all the latest updates of. price in Pakistan, Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and other cities in Pakistan.. Dotted Motomo Case for Sams .. Tempered Glass for iPhone 4 .. Flip Case For Samsung Galax .. Shock Proof Armor Case for .. Book Case & Glass Screen Pr .. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. All Listings - Current page. results for Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Save Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For Xiaomi Redmi 4A/Note 4X Luxury Flip Leather Slim Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4X 5A Prime Business Slim Leather Case Flip Wallet Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4/4X Slim Hybrid Hard PC Armor Stand Shockproof Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 5A Prime Shockproof Soft Silicone Rubber TPU Case Cover. Shockproof Brushed Soft TPU Case Cover For Xiaomi Note 4/Redmi 3S Prime 3 Pro 5A. For Xiaomi Mi A1 Mix2 Redmi Note 4 5A Electroplated Clear TPU Protect Case Cove. For Xiaomi Redmi 5A 4X/Note 4X 5A Business Slim Leather Case Flip Wallet Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Prime Case Luxury Matte Electroplate Hybrid Full Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi 4A Note 4X 5A Prime Shockproof Silicone TPU Painted Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A/5A Prime Shockproof 360° Full Cover 3 In 1 Back Case. For Xiaomi Redmi 4X Note 5A Prime 360° Full Protection Hybrid Armor Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi 5A Note 5A Prime Case Rugged Shockproof Hard Armor Stand Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi 4X 5A 5 Plus Note 4 360° Full Cover Shockproof Hybrid Back Case. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Prime 5a Shockproof Hybrid Case Ring Holder Phone Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4/4X 360° Full Protector Case Cover+Tempered Glass. For XiaoMi 5X A1 Redmi 4X Note 3 4 5A Slim Hybrid Shockproof Silicone Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Prime Ultra Clear Thin Soft TPU Ultra Case Covers. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Prime 4X 4A Shockproof Hybrid TPU Silicone Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi 4 4A 4X Prime Brushed Rugged Armor Hybrid Soft TPU Cover Case. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro Note 4 360° Shockproof Soft Rubber Back Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 5A Case Liquid Quicksand Glitter Soft Rubber Skin Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi 4X Note 4 3 Case Liquid Quicksand Glitter Soft Rubber TPU Cover. For Xiaomi Mi 5X A1 Redmi Note 4/5A Magnetic Flip Leather Wallet Card Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi 4X/Note 5A Luxury Flip Leather Slim Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Prime 4A Slim Matte Hybrid Shockproof Rugged Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A/Y1 Lite Luxury Painted Leather Case Flip Wallet Cover. Luxury Magnetic Flip Leather Case Cover Skin For Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A / 5A Prime. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Prime 360° Full Body Protective Cover Hard PC Back Case. For Xiaomi A1 5X Redmi Note 5A /Prime Luxury Flip Leather Slim Wallet Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X/Mi A1 Business PU Leather Flip Wallet Cover Case Skin. Soft Silicone TPU Case For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 4 Full Protective Bumper Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4X 5A Pro Protect Slim Silicone Rubber TPU Cover Case. For Xiaomi Mi A1 Note 4 4X 5A Prime Luxury Plated Slim Clear Soft TPU Case Cover. Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Case Cover For Xiaomi 6 A1 5X Redmi Note 3 4X 5A. For Xiaomi Redmi 4X 4A 5A Note 5A Shockproof Silicone Hybrid Case Soft TPU Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4X 5A Prime A1/5X Luxury Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi 4S 4A 4X Note 4X Slim Soft TPU Silicone Painted Back Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi 3S 4A 4X Note 4 4X Flip Stand Painted Wallet Leather Case Cover. Ultra-thin Original Leather Flip Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 3S/Note 2/3/Mi 4/5. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A 4S Prime Shockproof Leather Skin Soft Rubber Case Cover. Luxury Slim Window Flip Leather Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4X/Mi A1 Mix2. For Xiaomi Redmi 4A 4X Note 4 4X Slim Shockproof Soft Patterned Back Case Cover. Hybrid Shockproof Soft Clear Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus/Note 4X 5A Prime. Ultra Thin Soft Cartoon Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4X 4Pro 4Prime Case. For Xiaomi 5X/MAX2/Redmi Note 4X 5A Business Slim Leather Case Flip Wallet Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4X 5A Prime A1 Max 2 Leather Slim Wallet Case Flip Cover. For Xiaomi Note 3 Redmi 5 Plus Note 4 4X Hybrid Soft TPU Slim Phone Case Cover. For XiaoMi 5 6 Redmi 4 Pro 4X Note 5A Luxury Slim Leather View Window Cover Case. Slim Original Leather Flip Case Skin Cover For Xiaomi A1 Mix Max 2/Note 3 4X 5A. For Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 A1 Note 4/4X Hybrid Rugged Armor Case Stand Shockproof Cover. Sold 2000+ Fit Mi A1 5X Redmi 4 Pro Note 2/3 Fast Time. FREE SHIPPING For Huawei Mate & Honor & P9 Full Series. ▶100%NEW◀FREE SHIPPING▶FOR Xiaomi 5S 6 Max Redmi 3 4X◀. Xiaomi Redmi 3 3s Pro✅ 4A✅ Note 3 3Pro ✅ 4Pro Prime. Fit For Xiaomi 5X Redmi 3S 4S 4X 4A 5A/Note 4X 5A 5Plus. For Xiaomi A1 5 6 Mix Max 2&Redmi 3 4 4X 5 Note 3 4 5A. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
India World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos ePaper. See More See Less. 25th Swayamsevak Samagam: Hindus have to unite, India’s responsibility is upon us, says RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat Oust ‘anti-people’ BJP govt from Haryana: Bhupinder Singh Hooda In Fact: Is Bengaluru about to run dry? India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi ‘Stalled projects’ is bad optics, so government moves to tweak label. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime, Mi 4, Mi 4i prices slashed on Amazon, Mi.com: Here’s how to get. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is now available at Rs 7,999, down from the original price of Rs 8,499.. Technology Mobile & Tabs Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime, Mi 4, Mi 4i prices slashed on Amazon, Mi.com: Here’s how to get. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is now available at Rs 7,999, down from the original price of Rs 8,499.. By: Tech Desk |. Updated: February 18, 2016 11:14 am. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2s to feature Snapdragon 845 SoC, launch set for March. 27 Microsoft, Xiaomi to make AI-powered speakers,. smartphones Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro gets Face Unlock with latest OTA. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is now available at Rs 7,999, down from the original price of Rs 8,499. Redmi Note Prime is Xiaomi India’s second ‘Made in India’ smartphone manufactured in Sri City, Andhra Pradesh, in partnership with Foxconn Technology Group.. Xiaomi Mi4 16GB Review: This is why you might want to wait. Also, Xiaomi is celebrating the Mi Week from February 16 to February 19. Mi 4, Mi 4i during this period will also be available at a discounted price of Rs 12,999 and Rs 9,999 respectively. The smartphones can be bought from Amazon India and Mi.com.. Read More Xiaomi Mi Mix 2s to feature Snapdragon 845 SoC, launch set for March 27 Microsoft, Xiaomi to make AI-powered speakers, smartphones Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro gets Face Unlock with latest OTA update Redmi Note 5, Redmi Note 5 Pro first sale: Company claims over 3 lakh units sold in 3 minutes Xiaomi Mi LED Smart TV 4 next sale on February 27 via Flipkart. Redmi Note Prime is an enhanced version of Redmi Note 4G with 2GB RAM, 16GB storage (expandable to 32GB) and a Snapdragon 410 64-bit processor.. Xiaomi Mi 4i Express Review: Stands out from the crowd. Other specs of the Redmi Note Prime are 5.5-inch HD IPS display (1280 X 720 resolution, 267 PPI), 3100 mAh Lithium-ion Polymer battery, and it has a 13 megapixel f/2.4 rear camera and five megapixel f/2.2 front-facing camera.. For all the latest Technology News , download Indian Express App. © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd. Redmi Note 5, Redmi Note 5 Pro first sale: Company claims over 3 lakh units sold in 3. Xiaomi Mi LED Smart TV 4 next sale on February 27 via. Jun 9, 2016 at 7:16 am. Jun 8, 2016 at 1:38 pm. 1 Sridevi funeral LIVE UPDATES: Mortal remains to arrive in Mumbai today 2 Sridevi dies at 54, leaves India in shock 3 This video of two Pakistani anchors 'fighting in a newsroom' has gone viral 4 Railway Group D recruitment 2018 for 62,907 posts: Eligibility criteria changes, apply online. Cities Delhi Chief Secretary 'assault' case: Discrepancy in CCTV timing found at Kejriwal's home, Police tells court Former cabinet secretary TRS Subramanian passes away, PM Modi condoles death India reaches out, invites Pakistan Minister for WTO talks in Delhi Opinion Populists are here to stay. They take revenge on soft targets and make people dream Opinion Union Budget 2018 has laid the ground for a higher and sustained economic growth. Entertainment Sridevi death: Everything you wanted to ask, but didn’t Entertainment Here's why Sridevi and Kamal Haasan pairing is irreplaceable Entertainment Sridevi's electric double roles: From Chaalbaaz to Lamhe Trending This video of two Pakistani anchors 'fighting in a newsroom' has gone viral Trending Pakistani airlines hilariously trolled with complaints on Facebook after they put up ad on why everyone should fly with them. Kerala youth Congress leader murder: Govt rejects demand for CBI probe, Assembly disrupted LIVE UPDATES: BJP’s schemes are only for few specific rich industrialists, says Rahul Gandhi in Karnataka Shiv Sena to contest Lok Sabha polls in Goa in alliance with GSM: Sanjay Raut Cities Six teens with earphones run over by train in Uttar Pradesh's Hapur, one critically injured Sports Onus on young pacers to prove mettle Sports India bid farewell to SA tour on a happy note Lifestyle Sridevi: From Queen Bee to Style Star Sridevi as a timeless beauty and fashion icon through the years Technology Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ First impressions and FAQs Technology MWC 2018: LG V30S ThinQ puts the focus on AI-driven camera. Mark Hamill wants to work in Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3, director James Gunn is happy to talk about. it Breathe actor Amit Sadh: I had a troubled. past Not aware of sexual misconduct complaint against governor of southern state, says Home. Ministry BSE waives transaction fees equity segment of Sensex 30. index Kerala youth Congress leader murder: Govt rejects demand for CBI probe, Assembly. If anyone tries to challenge Constitution, we won’t tolerate: Kanhaiya Kumar’s speech before. Suspects brought to court for start of Bangkok bombing. Chelsea captain John Terry out of PSG UEFA Champions League. Please reload and try again !!!. Copyright © 2018 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. 
Hot Deals Apps Auto Tech Mobiles Internet Laptops Compare How-To Opinions Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Subscribe Advertise. Menu Top10 Reviews News & Launches In Depth MWC 2018 Forum SKOAR Hot Deals Languages:. Click here to catch all the action live. Mobiles Help Me Buy Laptops Auto Tech Internet Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Buy Digit Subscribe Current/ past issue Advertise Devworx Ask Digit. हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी മലയാളം தமிழ் भोजपुरी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ অসমীয়া اردو. Digit Mobile Phones Xiaomi Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Brief Description Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Specification. Subscribe here to further receive Related Stories, Product Reviews, Launches & Best Deals. Since this device is currently not available for purchase, please leave you email to be informed of it's price & availability in future.. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Price in India 8499 /-. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is the second 'Made in India' Xiaomi phone ater the Redmi 2 Prime and runs Android 4.4 OS, optimized with MIUI. It is a Dual SIM dual standby phone and features a large 5.5 inch HD IPS LCD multi touch display with 720 x 1280 pixels resolution and 267 ppi pixel density. The screen size and display features guarantee crisp picture quality and an enriching gaming, surfing and video watching experience. It is powered by 1.2 Ghz quad core Qualcomm snapdragon 410 processor and. 2GB RAM, which facilitates seamless multitasking. It is equipped with Adreno 306 Graphics engine that supports supports DirectX, OpenCL, FlexRender and other PC gaming technologies for a richer gaming experience.. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime comes equipped with a 13-megapixel autofocus rear camera with features like LED flash, an f/2.2 aperture, focus mode, focus area, scene mode, white balance, 28mm wide angle, Zero shutter lag, face recognition, high dynamic range (HDR), real-time filters and 1080pHD video recording. A 5 megapixel front facing camera with 720p video recording is also available for selfies and video calling. On the memory front, ample storage has been provided to the user with 16GB internal memory, which is expandable upto 32GB via MicroSD card, sufficient. to store a wide range of photographs, songs and videos. The smartphone is backed up by a 3100 mAh Lithium Polymer battery, which according to the company can give 14 hours of internet browsing, 38 hours of talk time, 60 hours of music playback. A host of connectivity options are available on Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime such as 4G LTE, 3G, WiFi, WIFi hotspot, Micro USB, Bluetooth, GPS and GRPS/EDGE. The sensors inbuilt in the device are Ambient Light Sensor, Proximity Sensor, e compass, Gyroscope and Accelerometer.. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime was launched in May 2017 & runs on Android 4.4 OS. The Smartphone provides a host of connectivity options in terms of 3G, 4G, GPS, Wifi Bluetooth capabilities. The phone is available with 16 GB of internal storage.. The Smartphone is powered by 1.2 Ghz Quad core Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 Processor. A 2 GB of RAM & Adreno 306 graphics processor ensures phone runs smoothly even the most memory intensive applications & still shows no signs of lag. 16 GB of internal storage can be expanded to 32 GB via a microSD card.. The Phone comes with a large 3100 mAh battery to support it's 5.5 inch screen with HD IPS LCD Capacitive touchscreen display having a resolution of 720 x 1280 at 267 ppi. The screen is also protected by a durable Scratch Resistant glass.. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime comes with a 13 megapixel rear Camera and 5 megapixel front Camera. It also supports Face Detection and high dynamic range(HDR) imaging.. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Price In India Starts From Rs. The price of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime in India is Rs.8499. This phone is available in 16 GB storage variants. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is available in colours across India.. 10.or E (Beyond Black, 3 GB). Lenovo K8 Note (Venom Black,.... OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB.... Write a Review on Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3, Mi 3 and more tipped to get MIUI 10 update. Xiaomi&rsquo;s MIUI 10 update was announced just a few weeks back, but it seems like we might have already gotten a list of of devices slated to.... Xiaomi announces MIUI 9 update for 40 devices. Xiaomi has announced that it will be rolling out the latest version of MIUI (MIUI 9) to 40 of its devices. This includes devices as old at the Mi 2.... Xiaomi Redmi Note 5, Note 5 Pro and Mi TV to go on sale tomorrow: Price, Specs and everything else you need to know before buying. The Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and&nbsp;Redmi Note 5 Pro will go on sale tomorrow at 12PM and the Mi LED Smart TV 4 will be available for purchase starting.... Other Popular Deals In Xiaomi Mobile Phones Popular. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro 6GB Latest. Xiaomi Redmi 4X 32GB Popular in Mobile Phones. Tenor (10.or E) 3GB 32 GB. 10.or E (Beyond Black, 3 GB). Moto E4 Plus (Iron Gray, 32.... Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB). Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime comparison Compare Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs. Maxx AX5 Plus Compare Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs. Vivo Y31L Compare Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs. Panasonic Eluga A2 Compare Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs. Samsung Galaxy On5 Pro Compare Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs. ?????? Fablet F3 Compare Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs. Micromax Canvas Unite 4 Compare Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs. Samsung Galaxy On7 Pro Compare Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs. Lava X50 Compare Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs. Lyf Water 8 Compare Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs. Moto G5 Plus (32GB, Fine Gold). Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB). OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB.... 10.or E (Beyond Black, 3 GB) 6999 /- Honor 6X (Gold, 32GB) 9999 /- Honor 9i (Graphite Black, 64... ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE PRIVACY TERMS SITEMAP HTML. Digit caters to the largest community of tech buyers, users and enthusiasts in India. The all new Digit.in continues the legacy of Thinkdigit.com as one of the largest portals in India committed to technology users and buyers. Digit is also one of the most trusted names when it comes to technology reviews and buying advice and is home to the Digit Test Lab, India's most proficient center for testing and reviewing technology products.. We are about leadership – the 9.9 kind! Building a leading media company out of India. And, grooming new leaders for this promising industry.. Copyright © 2007-14 Nine Dot Nine Mediaworx Pvt. 
Click here to find mobiles using filters related to price, features, brands etc.. Dual Sim, 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi Quad Core, 1.2 GHz Processor 2 GB RAM, 16 GB inbuilt 3100 mAh Battery 5.5 inches, 720 x 1280 px display 13 MP Rear + 5 MP Front Camera Memory Card Supported, upto 32 GB Android, v4.4. Good camera hardware Feature rich MIUI 7 software 4G LTE on Both SIM cards. Redundant design Software is based on Dated Android KitKat. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is currently not available in any stores.. General: Dual Sim Android, v4.4 Slim 3100 mAH Battery Display: Touch 5.5 inches 720 x 1280 pixels Camera: 13 MP AutoFocus Flash 1080p HD Video Recording 5 MP Front Camera Technical: 1.2 GHz, Quad Core Processor 2 GB RAM 16 GB Inbuilt Memory Memory Card Support, upto 32 GB Connectivity: 3G 4G WiFi with hotspot Bluetooth GPS Extra: FM Radio 3.5mm Headphone Jack. Use multiple sims at the same time. It allows you to use two services without the need to carry two mobile phones at the same time. Touch Displays offer a more interactive experience. Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. High resolution camera for taking sharp and clear photos. Having a camera flash allows you to take photos in low light. You can record videos of beautiful moments, sceneries and watch them later. Front Camera enables you to take your own photos and do videocalling (on supported devices). Memory cards give your device more storage capacity. So you can store more songs, photos and videos. More storage allows you to store more songs, videos, photos and install more applications. More cores result in better parallelism, meaning more tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface. 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. 4G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience than 3G. You can connect to wifi hotspots in your area to experience a superior internet experience. Allows you to use your internet connection on your wifi enabled laptop. Bluetooth enables you to wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets. GPS is used for determining your location. You can get directions to a place with the help of GPS. Having 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices (such as speakers, headphones) having 3.5mm Port. Detects motion as well as the orientation of a device (horizontally or vertically). Determines orientation and rotation and provides more accurate 3D motion tracking than an accelerometer. Determines direction facing relative to North, East, West and South. Listen to your favourite radio stations on your phone. Enjoy music on the go with FM Radio.. Holding Heavy weight mobile phones for long time will make your arms tired. You can't use this to make calls over 4G network (a 3rd party app can be used instead though). You can't connect your phone to a TV.. Full Specifications Report An Error General Sim Type: GSM+GSM Dual Sim: Yes Device Type: Smartphone Design Dimensions: 154 x 78.7 x 9.4 mm Weight: 185 g Display Type: Color IPS screen Touch: Yes, with Multitouch Size: 5.5 inches, 720 x 1280 pixels PPI: ~ 267 PPI Memory RAM: 2 GB Internal: 16 GB inbuilt Card Slot: Yes, upto 32 GB Connectivity GPRS: Yes EDGE: Yes 3G: Yes 4G: Yes Wifi: Yes, with wifi-hotspot Bluetooth: Yes, v4.0 USB: Yes, microUSB v2.0 Extra GPS: Yes, with A-GPS Support Sensors: Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass 3.5mm Headphone Jack: Yes Camera Camera: Yes, 13 MP with autofocus Dual Camera: No Features: Face detection, Geo tagging, Touch to focus Video Recording: Yes, 1080p Flash: LED Front Camera: Yes, 5 MP Technical OS: Android, v4.4 (KitKat) CPU: 1.2 GHz, Quad Core Processor GPU: Adreno 306 Multimedia FM Radio: Yes Battery Size: 3100 mAh, Li-Po Battery. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Review and Specifications. Xiaomi has today introduced Redmi Note Prime, which is an incremental upgrade to already existing Redmi Note 4G, but lacks the tech panache we have come to expect from Xiaomi launches. Like the other ‘Prime’ variant selling in India (Redmi 2 Prime), this one too has been ‘Made in India’. You can buy Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime online from Amazon.in. Talking of improvements in features and specifications, this time Xiaomi has upgraded Snapdragon 400 to Snapdragon 410, has added an extra SIM card slot and has doubled internal storage. So what else is there to relish?. The new Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime will included latest MIUI7 skin on top, but it will be based on Android 4.4 KitKat, which in turn means you won’t have access to Android Lollipop and Android Marshmallow apps (which aren’t many). Other hardware and design, remains same. The Note Prime is just as chunky and includes a 5.5 Inch HD display, along with a 13MP rear, 5MP front camera and a 3100 mAh battery. The lowest price of Redmi Note Prime in India is 8,499 INR. Xiaomi Redmi Note price is reasonable for the hardware, but at the onset of 2016 we certainly expect more.. Good camera hardware Feature rich MIUI 7 software 4G LTE on Both SIM cards. Redundant design Software is based on Dated Android KitKat. Overall things are good except healting the phone heats when gaming & surfing internet. Battery Camera Miui(upgraded to miui8) Camera Performance. Worthy for 8.5k compare to another mobiles at this price. I'm using last 7 months this mobile no problem were came except heating problem.. Camera quality is good Large screen MIUI updations 4G Dual sim Expandable memory Removable battery. Heating problem when using Internet Unlock button not properly working after 5 months but it can be changeable Camera quality is poor at night time. Don't feel any negative points except slight heating problem. Slight heating problem on long use.. camera is good phone speed is excellent no sturck any ware. getting heat without using, one of the time battary is poor no another colour to back cover copying files from OTG cable is dangerous to battery.because battery will get down easily.. This mobile is cooll...but some heat issues but that's not a problem. Enter each Pro in new line.. Enter each Con in new line.. Who Viewed This Also Viewed .... HTC Desire 526G Plus Dual Sim. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro (6GB RAM + 64GB). Xiaomi Mobiles Between 5000 and 10000. vs Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs Sony Xperia Z3 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs Xiaomi Redmi 3A vs Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs Xiaomi Redmi 4A vs Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro vs Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs OPPO Neo 5 (16GB). Sign up for our Newsletter :. Congratulations!!! You are now subscribed to our newsletter.. smartprix.com , All rights reserved. Recently Viewed By You ( 0 ). Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product. Mobiles And Tablets 0 Laptops And Computers 0 Cameras 0 Personal Appliances 0 Mobile Accessories 0. your email will not be published. Select A Product From Search Suggestions. your email will not be published. --select-- Incorrect Price Incorrect/ Missing Product Detail Coupon Not Working Found Lowest Price Somewhere Else Just A Feedback Other Issue. Sign in with your email address.. Find, Compare and Buy all in one place. Sign up with your email address. Already have an account? Login. 
Laptops Desktops Monitors Headsets Printers CPU Netbooks Bluetooth Headsets Multi Functional Devices Internal Hard Drives External Hard Drives Computer Cases Keyboards. Refrigerators Microwave Ovens Water Purifiers Electric Chimneys Juicer/Mixer/Grinders Cooking Ranges Food Processors Dishwashers Oven/Toaster/Grillers. Televisions Home Theaters Speakers Audio Systems HD Media Player DVD Players MP3 Players Blu-ray Players. ACs (Split) ACs (Window) Washing Machines Vacuum Cleaners Clothes Dryers Air Coolers Steam Iron. Digital Cameras Digital Projectors Wearables Camcorders. Home Mobile Mobile Phones Xiaomi Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Screen Size: 5.5 inches Speed: 1.2 GHz Internal Memory: 16GB, 2GB RAM OS: Android 4.4 (KitKat) Sensor Resolution: 13MP. Summary of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. The Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime features a 5.5-inch IPS HD display with a resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels and is powered by a 1.2GHz quad core processor and has 2GB of RAM. It comes with 16GB of inbuilt storage, expandable upto 64GB and has a 13.0-megapixel rear camera and 5.0-megapixel front camera. It comes with Android 4.4 Kitkat OS and support a 3100mAh battery capacity with 3G & 4G.. Aperture, ISO, White, Balance, Focus Mode, Focus Area, Auto Focus, Scene Mode, Zero shutter Lag, Face Recognition, HDR, Real-time filters. 78.7 x 9.45 x 154 mm. Music formats: MP3, aac, aac+, eaac+, amr, wb-amr, midi, ogg -Video formats: MPEG4, h.263, h.264. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime reviews, Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime price, Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime features, Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime price in india, Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime online price, Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime specifications, Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime, Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime VS Xiaomi Redmi 2 Prime. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime VS Xiaomi Redmi 1S. Xiaomi Redmi 3S (16GB, 2GB RAM). Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime VS Xiaomi Redmi 3S (16GB, 2GB RAM). Televisions Audio Systems Clothes Dryers ACs (Split) Mobile Phones Washing Machines Monitors Laptops Juicer/Mixer/Grinders Microwave Ovens Vacuum Cleaners Cooking Ranges DVD Players Oven/Toaster/Grillers Dishwashers Water Purifiers Air Coolers Electric Chimneys Food Processors Refrigerators Printers Multi Functional Devices Digital Projectors Digital Cameras ACs (Window) MP3 Players Camcorders Netbooks Desktops CPU Internal Hard Drives Home Theaters External Hard Drives Computer Cases Keyboards Speakers Bluetooth Headsets Headsets Blu-ray Players Tablets HD Media Player Steam Iron Wearables. Price : ₹1,888/- onwards. Price : ₹2,995/- onwards. Price : ₹2,490/- onwards. Price : ₹2,700/- onwards. Price : ₹3,499/- onwards. Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Desktops Monitors Headsets Printers CPU Netbooks Bluetooth Headsets Multi Functional Devices Internal Hard Drives External Hard Drives Computer Cases Keyboards Refrigerators Microwave Ovens Water Purifiers Electric Chimneys Juicer/Mixer/Grinders Cooking Ranges Food Processors Dishwashers Oven/Toaster/Grillers Televisions Home Theaters Speakers Audio Systems HD Media Player DVD Players MP3 Players Blu-ray Players ACs (Split) ACs (Window) Washing Machines Vacuum Cleaners Clothes Dryers Air Coolers Steam Iron Digital Cameras Digital Projectors Wearables Camcorders PC Accessories. You have already selected 4 products. Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Desktops Monitors Headsets Printers CPU Netbooks Bluetooth Headsets Multi Functional Devices Internal Hard Drives External Hard Drives Computer Cases Keyboards Refrigerators Microwave Ovens Water Purifiers Electric Chimneys Juicer/Mixer/Grinders Cooking Ranges Food Processors Dishwashers Oven/Toaster/Grillers Televisions Home Theaters Speakers Audio Systems HD Media Player DVD Players MP3 Players Blu-ray Players ACs (Split) ACs (Window) Washing Machines Vacuum Cleaners Clothes Dryers Air Coolers Steam Iron Digital Cameras Digital Projectors Wearables Camcorders. © Copyright Network 18 Media and Investments Ltd 2017. 
Sign Up Login My Account ▾ Compare ▾. Mobiles ▾ Laptops ▾ Tablets ▾ Smartwatches ▾ TVs ▾ Refrigerators ▾ Microwaves ▾ Washing Machines ▾ Air Conditioners ▾ More Categories ▾. Samsung Apple OnePlus Motorola Xiaomi Asus Oppo Vivo. Upto Rs 5,000 Upto Rs 10,000 Upto Rs 15,000 Upto Rs 20,000 Upto Rs 30,000 View All Mobiles. 4G Phones Big Battery 4GB RAM Big Screen Android Mobile Phones 32GB Storage Fingerprint scanner. Dell HP Lenovo Apple Acer Asus. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 2 in 1 Laptops Core i5 Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Full HD Laptops 8GB RAM Laptops Core i7 Laptops Laptops with SSD. Apple Samsung Lenovo Micromax Asus Microsoft. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Tablet with Calling Facility 4G Tablets All iPads Samsung Galaxy Tablets 3G Tablets. Apple Motorola LG Samsung. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Samsung Sony LG VU Videocon Panasonic Onida Philips. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 3D TVs Curved TVs Smart TVs 32-inch TVs 40-inch TVs LED TVs Full HD TVs. Samsung LG Whirlpool Videocon Godrej Haier Panasonic Electrolux. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. Single Door Refrigerators Double Door Refrigerators Triple Door Refrigerators Mini Refrigerators Refrigerators with water dispenser 5 Star Rated Refrigerators. LG Samsung IFB Bajaj Electrolux Onida Kenstar Godrej. 5,000 Up to Rs. 7,000 Up to Rs. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. Grill Microwave Ovens Convection Microwave Ovens Microwave Oven with Convection and Grill Microwave Oven with 1 Year Warranty Microwave Oven with 2 Year Warranty. LG Samsung Panasonic IFB Videocon Whirlpool Bosch Godrej. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Washing Machines. Fully Automatic Washing Machines Semi Automatic Washing Machines Top Loading Washing Machines Front Loading Washing Machines Washer and Dryer Washing Machine with Heater. Voltas Samsung LG Mitsubishi Whirlpool Blue Star General Hitachi. 25,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 35,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Air Conditioners. 5 Star Rated Air Conditioners 4 Star Rated Air Conditioners 3 Star Rated Air Conditioners 1.5 Ton Split Air Conditioners 1 Ton Split Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Split Air Conditioners. Printers External Hard Disks (HDD) Routers Point and Shoot Cameras DSLR Cameras Fitness Tracker Gaming Consoles. Home Compare Mobile Phones Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (16GB). Compare Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (16GB). Screen Size of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is the same as Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (16GB) Internal Storage of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is the same as Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (16GB) RAM of Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime is the same as Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (16GB). Get an email every time the price drops of any of these products. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. This score is assigned based on the product's specifications without taking price into consideration. 5.5 inch 5.5 inch. 1280 x 720 pixels 1920 x 1080 pixels. 267 PPI 403 PPI. Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 Qualcomm Snapdragon 650. Adreno 306 Adreno 510. Zero Shutter Lag, Face Recognition, High Dynamic Range (HDR), Real-Time Filters Geo-tagging, Touch Focus, Face/Smile Detection, HDR, Panorama. Full HD Video Recording (1080p) Full HD Video Recording (1080p). Autofocus, LED Flash Autofocus, Phase Detection Autofocus (PDAF), Dual Tone LED Flash. Android 4.4 KitKat Android 5.1 Lollipop. MIUI 7 MIUI 8.0. Micro USB Micro USB. GPS, FM Radio Fingerprint Scanner, InfraRed (IR) Blaster, GPS, FM Radio. - Accelerometer, Proximity Sensor, Magnetometer, Gyroscope. 154 x 78.7 x 9.45 150 x 76 x 9. 185 grams 164 grams. 4G LTE (India Compatible), 3G, 2G, WiFi, Bluetooth 4G LTE (India Compatible), 3G, 2G, WiFi, Bluetooth, VoLTE (Works with Jio). White Silver, Grey, Gold. 1 Year 1 Year. - 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. - Device, Charger & Cable Separate, User Manual. Micro SIM Micro SIM, Nano SIM. - 4G, 3G, 2G, Micro SIM. - 4G, 3G, 2G, Nano SIM. - GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. - HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. - LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). Lithium-Polymer (Li-Po) Lithium-Polymer (Li-Po). - Yes, Fast Charging. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (16GB) Specs. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (16GB). Screen Size 5.5 inch 5.5 inch. Rear Camera Resolution 13MP 16MP. Front Camera Resolution 5MP 5MP. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Pros & Cons. 2GB RAM - sufficient for an average user Good battery backup Supports 4G LTE Decent 13MP camera. Slightly old processor Lacks Full HD resolution for the display this big at 5.5 inch Quite heavy at 185gms. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (16GB) Pros & Cons. Powerful Processor bundled with 2GB of RAM Well calibrated, Crisp, Full HD Display Fingerprint scanner makes it convenient to lock phone and apps Good battery life (4050mAh) and Quick Charging Well Built Metal Unibody. MIUI may not be to everyone's liking Flash Sale model makes it extremely hard to buy this phone. Talk about this comparison, ask your questions!. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. This page helps you compare Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime with Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (16GB). When you see Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime Vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (16GB) comparison on Pricebaba, watch-out for the specifications of these phones and also the VFM score. With Pricebaba’s Value For Money Score, you can know how Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime stands against Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (16GB) and which one you should buy. The prices for both these products were updated February 26, 2018.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (16GB) vs Oppo A71. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (16GB) vs Vivo Y53. Xiaomi Mi5 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (16GB). Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (16GB) vs Lenovo Z2 Plus (4GB/64GB). Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (16GB) vs Samsung Galaxy J7 Nxt. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (16GB) vs Nubia Z11 Mini. Top Mobile Phone Comparisons In India (2018). Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime vs Oppo F1s (4GB/64GB). Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 (4GB/64GB) vs Lenovo K8 Note (4GB/64GB). Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 (4GB/64GB). Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace vs Samsung Galaxy J1 4G (2017). Oppo F3 Plus vs Oppo F5. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) vs Xiaomi Mi A1. Samsung Mobile Android Smartphones Vivo Mobiles in India Xiaomi Mi Phones LYF Mobiles All Brands. Home Blog About Us FAQs Contact Us Careers Terms of use Privacy Policy. 100 Million Smiles & Counting Phone Checker App. © 2012-2018 Pricebaba ™ All rights reserved. All trademarks / logos / brands are the property of their respective owners.. Report an error on this page. 
News Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime launched for Rs 8,499 on Amazon India: Specifications and features. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime launched for Rs 8,499 on Amazon India: Specifications and features. At this price point, the Redmi Note Prime will compete with the likes of Lenovo K3 Note, Coolpad Note 3 and YU Yureka Plus.. Updated: December 14, 2015 1:23 PM IST. After teasing the launch of new smartphone for more than a week, Xiaomi has finally taken wraps off its Redmi Note Prime. It is the second smartphone after Redmi 2 Prime to be ‘Made in India.’ The smartphone is equipped with dual SIM 4G capabilities, Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 410. processor and a 5.5-inch HD display.. It is essentially the same as last year’s. Redmi Note 4G but comes with 16GB of internal storage.. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime price: The smartphone is priced at Rs 8,499 and will be exclusively available via Amazon India and Mi.com. It will go on sale starting. At this price point, the Redmi Note Prime will compete with the likes of Lenovo K3 Note , Coolpad Note 3 and YU Yureka Plus .. Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime specifications and features:. It flaunts a 5.5-inch HD (1280×720 pixels) display with pixel density of 267ppi. The Redmi Note Prime is powered by Qualcomm’s 64-bit Snapdragon 410 quad-core processor paired with 2GB of RAM and 16GB onboard storage. There’s also a microSD card slot that supports cards up to 32GB.. On the photography front, the smartphone includes a 13-megapixel rear snapper of aperture f/2.4 with LED flash and a 5-megapixel front-facing snapper of aperture f/2.2. The smartphone also features a 3,100mAh battery and connectivity options like dual-SIM card slots, 4G LTE support, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi and GPS. On the software front, it runs on Android Lollipop-based MIUI 7.. Qualcomm 64-bit Snapdragon 410 quad-core processor. MediaTek 64-bit 1.7GHz MT6752 octa-core processor. Qualcomm snapdragon 615 64 –bit processor. Dual SIM 4G LTE, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi. Dual SIM 4G LTE, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi. Dual SIM 4G LTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth. Android 5.0 Lollipop wrapped under MIUI 7. Android 5.0 Lollipop wrapped under Vibe UI. Android 5.1 Lollipop with CoolUI 6.0. Android 4.4, optimized with MIUI 7. Qualcomm’s 64-bit Snapdragon 410 quad-core processor. 13 MP, f/2.2, 28mm, autofocus, LED flash. Published Date: December 14, 2015 11:54 AM IST. Updated Date: December 14, 2015 1:23 PM IST. xiaomi Xiaomi redmi note prime. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. BSNL selects Nokia to launch 4G service in 10 circles. Energizer Hardcase H590S with 6GB RAM, quad-camera launched. Samsung s foldable smartphone is no gimmick : CEO DJ Koh. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. 7 reasons why the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ offer more than the Apple iPhone X. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ hands-on and first impressions. MWC 2018: Samsung Galaxy S9+ launched: Specifications, features. MWC 2018: Samsung Galaxy S9 launched: Specifications, features. 7 reasons why the Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ offer more than the Apple iPhone X. The Xiaomi Mi TV 4 could do for the Indian TV market what the Redmi Note 4 did for smartphones. Are the Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro worth the upgrade?. Amazon Alexa could get a lot better if it invested in dedicated AI chips. Facebook Likes: The more you know about social media, the more you will want to stay away from it. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Review. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact is now official. US top court to hear Microsoft case on data protection overseas. Apple to launch over-ear headphones in 2018. MWC 2018: Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, Nokia 6, Nokia 1 and Nokia 8110 unveiled. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. MWC 2018: Nokia 1, Nokia 4, Nokia 7+, Nokia 9, Nokia 8 Sirocco rumor roundup. OnePlus 5T vs Honor View10 vs Moto Z2 Force: Cameras compared. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ rumor roundup. xiaomi Xiaomi redmi note prime. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Face Unlock: How does it work?. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2s with Snapdragon 845 SoC confirmed to launch on March 27. Microsoft partners Xiaomi to build AI-powered budget speakers, smartphones. Online smartphone shipment in India records 23% growth: Counterpoint. पीएम मोदी ने उबर के सीईओ से चर्चा की. MWC 2018: सोनी ने लॉन्च किया Xperia Ear Duo ईयरबड. वोडाफोन ने स्पेशल एडीशन के साथ पेश किया कैम्पस सरवाइवल किट. एप्पल iPhone X पर मिल रहा 20,000 रुपए का बायबैक आॅफर. Huawei P20 स्मार्टफोन की तस्वीर लीक, ऑल ब्लैक ग्लास डिजाईन में नजर आ रहा है एक शानदार डिवाइस. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact is now official. US top court to hear Microsoft case on data protection overseas. Apple to launch over-ear headphones in 2018. MWC 2018: Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, Nokia 6, Nokia 1 and Nokia 8110 unveiled. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
Cara Root Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 / Prime + Instal TWRP Tanpa. Produsen smartphone asal China, Xiaomi kembali mendobrak pasar dengan meluncurkan penerus dari Xiaomi Redmi Note, yaitu Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 / Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime. Saya tidak akan banyak membahas perbedaan kedua smartphone Xiaomi tsb. Namun untuk kalian yang ingin memiliki akses Root pada smartphone Redmi Note Prime /. Redmi Note 2 nya, bisa mengikuti tutorial yang saya buat di bawah ini.. Oh ya tutorial di bawah ini baru di test pada Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 yang menggunakan Rom MIUI 6 ya, untuk kalian yang sudah menggunakan MIUI 7 saya tidak jamin cara di bawah akan berhasil. DWYOR (Do With Your Own Risk), jangan lupa perhatikan langkah di bawah dengan benar & jangan lupa berdoa dulu :D.. Download keempat bahan Root di atas. Yang pertama harus kalian lakukan adalah melakukan proses Extract terhadap file ADB Drivers dan USB Driver Xiaomi. UniversalAdbDriverSetup yang berada di dalam folder Adb-tools > adb driver. Pindahkan file TWRP.zip ke sdcard Redmi Note 2. File TWRP ini jangan dimasukan ke dalam folder, biarkan file ini berada di lokasi paling luar dari sdcard si Redmi Note 2. Buka aplikasi Updater (Bawaan Redmi Note 2) > Klik pada pilihan “Choose Update Package” > Pilih file TWRP.zip yang tadi sudah di pindahkan ke Redmi Note 2 kalian > Tunggu sampai prosesnya selesai. Nah jika sudah, sekarang kita beralih untuk mengaktifkan akses Root di Redmi Note 2. SuperSU-v2.46.zip ke sdcard > Matikan Redmi Note 2 kalian > Dalam keadaan mati tekan tombol Volume Down + Power secara bersamaan sampai masuk ke dalam TWRP > Pilih Install Zip > Pilih. SuperSU-v2.46.zip, dan tunggu sampai proses ini selesai. Nyalakan kembali Redmi Note 2 kalian > Install aplikasi Root Checker di Google Playstore > Lalu cek apakah Redmi Note 2 nya sudah berhasil mendapatkan akses root atau belum.. # All Credit ditujukan untuk Lounge kaskus Redmi Note 2 : Link. cara root tanpa pc , cara root xiaomi redmi note 2 , cara root Xiaomi Redmi Note Prime , root xiaomi redmi note 2. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:. Email (required) (Address never made public). You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. You are commenting using your Twitter account. You are commenting using your Facebook account. You are commenting using your Google+ account. Notify me of new comments via email.. Dream League Soccer 2017 MOD APK Unlimited. Pho.to Lab PRO Photo Editor v2.1.23 Paid +. 90 spam blocked by Akismet. Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.. 
Cart ( 0 ). 10000mAh Mi Power Bank Pro Grey. 13MP rear facing camera | 5MP front facing camera. 78% improvement in performance over Quad-core MT6589T.. MTK 8-core processor available at 1.7GHz, 78% higher processing performance than Quad-core MT6589T. Cortex-A7 architecture individually allocates tasks to each core, reducing power usage and heat. Games, webpages, and apps, look stunning and run smoothly.. Up to 1.4x better graphics performance than the Mali-400. See rich textures and subtle shading as you explore immersive game environments.. Games, ebooks, and videos, are vibrant, clear, and bigger than ever. 178° in-plane switching (IPS) technology delivers stunning color consistency from almost any angle. With Glass-film-film (GFF) architecture, pixels sit closer to the glass, which allows colors to pop off the screen. Images are not only brighter, but are also less affected by glare.. 13MP rear facing camera | 5MP front facing camera. A 28 millimeter wide-angle lens lets you capture more with each shot. More scenery, more friends, more of the. moments that matter to you.Redmi's ƒ/2.2 aperture and 28mm wide angle lens let you focus in on objects in the foreground. of your shot, while softly blurring objects in the background.. Photos taken with the Redmi Note.. 1 WCDMA slot for 3G data and 1 GSM slot for 2G data.. Combined with the latest power management technologies, we've achieved our. Redmi Note Case in five colors.. The features in MIUI are based on the feedback we get from our over 100 million users. We are constantly looking for new ways to make MIUI more useful, more secure, and more fun. We work all the time (and drink a lot of tea and coffee) to fix bugs,refine features,and get new updates on to your phone as fast as we can. Take your digital toolbox with you wherever you go.. Processor 8-core 1.7 GHz CPU frequency (enhanced). Supports external storage up to 32GB. Cellular and wireless Supports 3G(WCDMA) and 2G(GSM) networks. IPS IPS by the whole assembly process. Others Zero shutter lag, face recognition, high dynamic range (HDR), real-time filters. Audio format MP3, aac, aac+, eaac+, amr, wb-amr, midi, ogg. Video format 1080p (1920x1080,30 Frames / sec). Picture format JPEG, PNG, GIF, BMP. Hassle-free replacement 10-day easy replacement policy on mi.com. 100% secure payments We support Cards, Wallets, EMI and COD. Vast service network 750 Mi service-centers across 452 cities. Get updates on sales specials and more. You're on our email list for special offers. We want to hear from you!. Customer Service Shipping FAQ Service Centres Warranty Product Authentication Bulk Orders. Mi A1 Redmi Note 5 Redmi Note 5 Pro Redmi Y1. Redmi Y1 Lite Redmi Note 4. Copyright © 2010 - 2018 Xiaomi. Mainland China 简体中文 Hong Kong 繁體中文 Taiwan 繁體中文 Singapore Malaysia Philippines India Indonesia MEA Poland Russia Ukraine Vietnam Mexico Korea Egypt Thailand Spain United States. There are too many people rushing in at the moment, please stay with us.. There are too many people flooding in right now, please try again soon.. Share after signing in get Mi Tokens. 
