6GB/256GB Dual SIM Ceramic Black / 18K Gold. 6GB/256GB Dual SIM Ceramic White/ 18K Gold. Xiaomi Mi MIX 4GB/128GB Dual SIM Ceramic Black. Xiaomi Mi MIX 4GB/128GB Dual SIM Ceramic White. SUBSCRIBE! News, promos, new products!. This website is set up and operated by NIS LLC. for the benefit of the Mi. hereby states that this website is dedicated, but. or any of its affiliated entity to sell products of Xiaomi Inc.. 
The door to the world, at the edge of your phone. Would the future of smartphones be like what we see in sci-fi films, a mere display? We believe the future is here, starting with the full display design on Mi MIX. Its ultra-high screen proportions on a 6.4" display pushes pixels closer to the edge of the phone. This is a massive technological leap from typical smartphones today. Once the display lights up, it feels almost like you're opening the door to the world, with over 2 million pixels jumping to life.. We used to be curious about everything. It is this curiosity that pushes us to break boundaries. Learn more about our immersive full display design. Where did the earpiece speaker, proximity sensor,. We explored new frontiers in technology to create an immersive full display design that takes up almost the whole front surface of the phone. We stripped away what traditionally used to exist on the front - the earpiece, speaker, and infrared proximity sensor. We redesigned a front-facing camera that is 50% smaller than typical ones, reengineered a 17:9 display ratio with rounded corners for full content viewing experience, even when soft keys are used.. 17:9 display with custom rounded corners. When you pick up calls, the ceramic drive unit converts electric signals into mechanical energy. This mechanical energy creates microseismic waves, causing resonance in the phone metal frame, and converts into sound waves delivered straight to the ear. So even in noisest environments, you can still take clear and crisp calls.. Instead of traditional infrared proximity sensors, Mi MIX now comes with built-in ultrasonic proximity sensors.. So when you use your phone, it accurately detects when you are near, avoiding accidental touches.. We reengineered a front camera that is 50% smaller than most typical front-facing camera module. Rotate the camera upside down for selfies, beautify with 36 smart beauty profiles, and take calls with real-time beautify tools.. Get better mobile viewing experience with our new 17:9 display. We understand right-angled displays don't sit well with rounded phone frames.. With Mi MIX, we specially customized rounded and narrower borders,. achieving a high screen-to-body ratio, giving you amazing viewing experience that jumps to live.. World-renowned designer and Mi MIX industrial designer, Philippe Starck. Learn about Mi MIX's design >. Being minimalist is to remove all things superificial. The less 'material' it is, the more 'human' it is.. Ceramic back cover, frame, and buttons. Mi MIX is when modern day minimalist design meets traditional ceramic craftsmanship. We have selected micro-crystalline zirconia ceramic as the raw material with a hardness similar to sapphire. Under high temperature calcination process, we made it into a full ceramic body that looks and feels great. In the premium 18K edition, we have also included 18K gold rims around the camera and fingerprint sensor, giving that additional class to its full ceramic body.. 6GB LPDDR4 RAM + 256GB UFS 2.0 ROM. Snapdragon 821 + 6GB + 256GB memory. Mi concept phone, performance a notch above the rest. The all-new flagship Mi MIX packs a powerful Snapdragon 821 processor, up to 6GB RAM and 256GB UFS 2.0 memory,. The 'less material, more humanity' design philosophy extends to the tiniest details. Both our packaging and protective case adopts the Mi MIX minimalist design philosophy. Each Mi MIX comes with a handcrafted leather case that fits perfect on the all-new Mi MIX.. Xiaomi’s edgeless Mi Mix is possibly the best-looking smartphone of 2016. Xiaomi is selling the concept phone of your wildest dreams. Xiaomi’s Bezel-Free Mi MIX Phone Is Beautifully Bonkers. Xiaomi Mi Mix Review: It Makes The iPhone 7 Look And Feel So Outdated. Listen to world-renowned designer, Philippe Starck on the Mi MIX design philosophy. Get updates on sales specials and more. You're on our email list for special offers. We want to hear from you!. Mi MIX2 Mi A1 Mi 6. Xiaomi Press & Media User Agreement Privacy Policy Xiaomi Blog. Copyright © 2010 - 2018 Xiaomi. There are too many people rushing in at the moment, please stay with us.. There are too many people flooding in right now, please try again soon.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Xiaomi Mi MIX. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Xiaomi Mi MIX smartphone was launched in October 2016. The phone comes with a 6.40-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 2040 pixels at a PPI of 362 pixels per inch. The Xiaomi Mi MIX is powered by quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor and it comes with 4GB of RAM. The phone packs 128GB of internal storage that cannot be expanded. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Xiaomi Mi MIX packs a 16-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Xiaomi Mi MIX runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 4400mAh non removable battery. It measures 158.80 x 81.90 x 7.90 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 209.00 grams. The Xiaomi Mi MIX is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, Infrared, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor, Gyroscope and Barometer.. Xiaomi Expands to Russia, Launches Mi MIX, Mi Note 2, and Redmi 4X. Xiaomi Mi MIX Running Android 7.0 Nougat Spotted in Benchmarks; Update Likely to Start Soon. CES 2017: Xiaomi Unveils China-Only White Colour Variant of Mi MIX Smartphone. Xiaomi Mi Note 2, Mi MIX Smartphones Aren't Coming to India in the Near Future. More Xiaomi mobiles Xiaomi mobiles price in India. Release date October 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 158.80 x 81.90 x 7.90 Weight (g) 209.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 4400 Removable battery No Colours Black, Gold. Screen size (inches) 6.40 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x2040 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 362. Processor quad-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 RAM 4GB Internal storage 128GB Expandable storage No. Rear camera 16-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Operating System Android 6.0 Skin MIUI 8. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC Yes Infrared Yes USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer Yes Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Xiaomi Mi MIX. 4.6 Out of 5. 5 Star 9 4 Star 1 3 Star 2 Star 1 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 2 of 2 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By Kârthïk Mâkêr | 16 Jan 2017. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 7 out of 7 people found this review helpful. A Concept phone being put into reality. By Clement Tong | 21 Aug 2017. Xiaomi developed this product to lose money! How brave is Xiaomi. You can only sell 10 out of 100 as the others will be traced as they will have quality issues. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Xiaomi Expands to Russia, Launches Mi MIX, Mi Note 2, and Redmi 4X. Xiaomi Mi MIX Running Android 7.0 Nougat Spotted in Benchmarks; Update Likely to Start Soon. CES 2017: Xiaomi Unveils China-Only White Colour Variant of Mi MIX Smartphone. Xiaomi Mi Note 2, Mi MIX Smartphones Aren't Coming to India in the Near Future. Xiaomi Mi MIX Launched: Price, Specifications, Release Date, and More. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Y1 Xiaomi Redmi Y1 Lite Xiaomi Redmi 5A Xiaomi Mi Note 3 Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 Special Edition Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 Xiaomi Mi A1 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Xiaomi Mi 5X Xiaomi Redmi 5 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus Xiaomi Mi 6 Xiaomi Redmi 4X Xiaomi Mi 5c Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Xiaomi Mi Max Prime Xiaomi Redmi 3S Plus Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus Xiaomi Mi 5s Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Zuk Edge vs. Xiaomi Mi Mix Huawei Mate 9 vs. Xiaomi Mi Mix Xiaomi Mi A1 vs. Xiaomi Mi Mix Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 vs. Xiaomi Mi Mix Xiaomi Mi Mix vs. Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Xiaomi Mi Mix vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Xiaomi Mi Mix vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Mi Mix vs. Nokia Lumia 730 Dual Sim Xiaomi Mi Mix vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Xiaomi Mi MIX in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
6GB/256GB Dual SIM Ceramic Black / 18K Gold. 6GB/256GB Dual SIM Ceramic White/ 18K Gold. Xiaomi Mi MIX 4GB/128GB Dual SIM Ceramic Black. Xiaomi Mi MIX 4GB/128GB Dual SIM Ceramic White. SUBSCRIBE! News, promos, new products!. This website is set up and operated by NIS LLC. for the benefit of the Mi. hereby states that this website is dedicated, but. or any of its affiliated entity to sell products of Xiaomi Inc.. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Luanke 5s Case Motorola Moto Mobile Xiaomi Plus Tpu Cover Note 4x. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. > Xiaomi Mi Mix. Xiaomi Mi MIX 4G Phablet International Version. 6.4 inch MIUI 8 or Above Snapdragon 821. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 4G Phablet 128GB ROM. 6GB RAM Fingerprint Scanner Chinese and English Ve.... Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 4G Phablet Global Version. 6GB RAM 64GB ROM Fingerprint Scanner. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 4G Phablet 64GB ROM. 6GB RAM Fingerprint Scanner Chinese and English Ve.... Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 4G Phablet 256GB ROM. 6GB RAM Fingerprint Scanner Chinese and English Ve.... Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 4G Phablet Ceramic Body. 6GB RAM 64GB ROM Fingerprint Scanner 12.0MP Rear Camera International Version. for Xiaomi Mi MIX Tempered Glass 9H Explosion-proo.... Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 4G Phablet 6GB RAM Global Version. for Xiaomi Mi MIX 2.5D Tempered Glass Protector Sh.... Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 4G Phablet Full Ceramic Unibody. 128GB ROM 12.0MP Rear Camera Fingerprint Scanner. Luanke High-quality PC Phone Cover Case. Ultra-Thin Tpu Back Cover Case for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 - Transparent. Tochic Tempered Glass Screen Film for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. ASLING Frosted TPU Thin Soft Cover for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. Tochic Tpu Protective Soft Case for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. Transparent Ultra Thin Soft TPU Phone Case for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. Tempered Glass Protective Film for Xiaomi Mi MIX. Ultra-thin 0.3mm 9H Shatter-proof Anti-fingerprints Screen Protector. ASLING Tempered Glass Film for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. 0.26mm Thickness 2.5D Arc Edge 9H Hardness Screen Protector. LuanKe Solid Color Style Cover Case for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. LuanKe Slim Frosted TPU Cover Case for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. Luanke Cover for Xiaomi Mi MIX. Thermal Induction Soft Back Case Protector Hot Fee.... Simple Elegant Style TPU Cover Case for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. NILLKIN Matte Screen Protective Film for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. LEEHUR Screen Full Protection Film for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. Luanke Thin Electroplate Plating TPU Case for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. Mixed Colors Stripe Patchwork PU Leather+Plastic Hard Case for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. Naxtop Tempered Glass Screen Protector 2pcs. Tempered Glass Nano Protective Film for Xiaomi Mi MIX. 0.18mm Ultra-thin 9H Shatter-proof Anti-fingerprints Screen Protector. Naxtop Full Screen Protector Tempered Glass for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. Transparent Slim Thin Soft TPU Case for Xiaomi Mi Mix. Original Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Phone Cover Case. Luanke Oil Coated Tinted PC Case for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. ASLING TPU Protective Transparent Case for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. Dual Layer Armor Defender Shockproof Protective Hard Case With Stand for Xiaomi Mi Mix. Cover Case for Xiaomi Mi Mix Soft Carbon Fiber Luxury TPU. Star Sky Love Design Ultra Slim TPU Shockproof Black Silicone Soft Back Case for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 Next Go To : 1 2 3 4 5 6. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. A gorgeous concept phone come to life. The Good The edgeless display on Xiaomi's Mi Mix is simply amazing, and the ceramic rear gives the phone a luxurious feel. The base model has 128GB of storage.. The Bad The phone is only sold in China and in limited quantities, and it's also Xiaomi's most expensive yet. The camera's pretty average at best and taking selfies can be awkward.. The Bottom Line The Xiaomi Mi Mix is a glimpse of the all-screen future of phones. But Xiaomi needs to improve on basics like the camera and find a way to make more of these before we can wholeheartedly recommend it.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. The Xiaomi Mi Mix is, I think, what most phones will look like a few years from now. The 6.4-inch screen covers almost the entire face of the phone, and the buttons you'd usually find on the front are now onscreen.. The premium ceramic back gives the phone a luxurious high-end feel with a very good grip, quite unlike glass. But while the material is pretty hard and scratch resistant, you definitely don't want to drop it.. There are some weird omissions and weaknesses. There's only one speaker in the traditional sense, which plays music and video. For calls, the phone uses a "cantilever ceramic piezoelectric actuator", which just means that the phone's body vibrates to deliver sound. The Mi Mix is only on sale in China, and even there in limited quantities. While you can get it from third-party online resellers, good luck getting it fixed if you break it, as the parts used in the phone are rare as hens' teeth. Plus its 4G LTE bands are limited, so it may not work properly outside China.. Xiaomi's Mi Mix is one amazing almost bezel-less phone. It's also the most expensive Xiaomi phone so far. Our review model costs 3,499 yuan, which converts to around $510, AU$680 or £420. In China, that's about half the price of phones like the Google Pixel. There's also a premium model with 18-carat gold embossing, 6GB 0f RAM (up from 4GB) and 256GB of onboard storage (up from the base model's 128GB) for 3,999 yuan, which is roughly $590, AU$770 or £480.. If you're thinking of getting one, bear in mind that Chinese phones don't come with Google services installed (like Google Maps and even Google Play), and you'll have work to do to get those integrated properly. Big screen phones like the Google ​Pi​xel XL or the iPhone 7 Plus ( $891.02 at Amazon.com ) are much more easily procured -- you'll just have to accept a smaller screen than the Mi Mix's mammoth 6.4-inch display.. While our photos and video might be enough to convince you, it's when you pick up the phone, hold it in your hand and watch the 6.4-inch screen come to life that the whole idea of a magical bezel-less phone sinks in. I've been using the phone for around a week now, and I still can't help but feel amazed every time I turn it on.. Now, I'm really not a fan of big-screen phones. I personally feel anything above 6 inches is unusable, and I didn't really like the Xiaomi Mi Max (the company's other super large 6.4-inch phone). Strangely, I found myself learning to like and use the Mix a lot more. The screen is still pretty big, but it doesn't feel it compared to the Max, which is bigger in size thanks to its bezels. The palm rejection system on the Mix is a lot better too, which means you don't tap as many things by accident.. An edge-to-edge screen means my palms were almost always touching the display, but despite that I didn't accidentally press buttons I shouldn't have or move the home screen while holding the phone in my hand. This is great, particularly compared with my experiences with phones that don't properly implement this feature.. Big screen phones tend to feel unwieldy, but not so with the Mix. While it's a little on the heavy side at 209 grams (7.37 ounces), it's perfectly balanced in your hand. I've been able to use it one handed at times, though it's obviously a lot easier with both hands depending on what you want to do with it, like typing long messages.. To get a phone that's mostly all screen, with a 2,080x1,080-pixel display, Xiaomi had to do some pretty nifty engineering. The phone's selfie camera got moved to the bottom of the phone -- not necessarily a good thing, as I'll explain below -- and underneath the display is the piezoelectric actuator that replaces your front speaker. The actuator converts digital signals into analog vibrations, using the body of the phone to deliver sound to your ears. It works, though you can feel the whole phone rumbling in time to your voice call.. There's only one thing about the phone I don't really like -- well, apart from how much of a fingerprint magnet it is. It's that the ambient light sensor, located at the bottom chin of the phone, is easily blocked if you're resting the phone on say, a pillow, while using it, leading to a dimmer screen which can make things hard to see in normal light. You can turn off auto-brightness as a solution, so it's a minor irritant in the grand scheme of things.. While it lacks bezels at the top and sides, the bottom is where you'll find a chin as well as a 5-megapixel selfie camera.. Like most Chinese smartphones, the Mi Mix is powered by Android -- in this case, Android 6.0, but a heavily customised version of it called MIUI. This is Xiaomi's version of Android, and it has features taken from both iOS and Google's software.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss Xiaomi Mi Mix. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. Xiaomi's Mi Mix is almost all screen (hands-on). With a ceramic body and virtually no bezel, the Chinese phonemaker's new 6.4-inch device is a real knockout.. by October 25, 2016 1:49 AM PDT. Xiaomi Mi Mix is a phone that's all about the display. The Xiaomi Mi Mix phone is almost all screen. Key specs Snapdragon 821 processor 4,400 mAh battery featuring Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 NFC 16-megapixel rear camera. Xiaomi has a new concept phone -- but it's not actually a concept, it's real. Designed with the help of French designer Philippe Starck, and announced here at Xiaomi's Beijing event today, the 6.4-inch device features a striking bezel-less display. Where other phones usually keep a top and bottom area available for the front camera and home button, the Mix does away with both, leaving only a small space in the bottom right corner for the front camera.. The phone will be available in China on November 4 and will come in two models. One, housing 4GB of RAM and 128GB of onboard storage , will sell for 3,499 yuan, which converts to about $510, AU$680 or £420. A premium model with 18-carat gold embossing and 256GB onboard storage will cost 3,999 yuan. That's approximately $590, AU$770 or £480.. Xiaomi Mi Mix is a phone that's all about the display. The Mix is quite the game changer. In order to accommodate the lack of a top and bottom bezel, where the speaker for making calls usually is, Xiaomi is using what it calls a "piezoelectric ceramic actuator" to deliver voice calls to your ears. It's not the first phone to operate with a tiny bezel though, with Sharp going the same route in 2014 .. Other cool technology innovations include using an ultrasound sensor to replace the proximity sensor, and this works from behind the display like the actuator. Xiaomi has also included a palm rejection system, as you'll likely accidentally touch the screen when holding it.. The whole phone is encased in beautifully glossy black ceramic, though this may end up being a fingerprint magnet. On the back is the 16-megapixel rear camera and a fingerprint sensor. Unlike the iPhone 7 ( $679.99 at Amazon.com ) or the Samsung Galaxy S7 ( $240.99 at Amazon.com ) , the Mi Mix isn't water resistant.. Having played with the phone briefly, I'm pretty impressed with the build quality and how the phone feels in the hand. I'm really not a big fan of phones with screens bigger than 6 inches, as I think they are too unwieldy to use properly, but the Mix is very close to changing my mind.. Because it wouldn't be a phone without a selfie camera, the Mix's front-facing 5-megapixel shooter at the bottom right corner. It's an awkward location, to be honest.. There's just something about the ceramic body and all-screen design that knocks me out. This is likely what phones in the future will look like, and Xiaomi has beaten its competitors to the punch. But if you're already thinking of getting one, the bad news is that it will only be sold in China, and in limited quantities due to the difficulty of getting the ceramic body done right and the scarcity of its exotic parts.. Xiaomi says the phone is made mainly for its hardcore fans who tend to snap up all of its devices, but it's likely we may see technology such as the wide screen trickle down to future Xiaomi devices.. The phone says "designed by Mi" instead of the usual logo on the back.. Xiaomi Mi Mix may be the future of phones (CNET Update report). Your browser does not support the audio element.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Hot Products. The best iPhone asks you to think different. Google Home Mini sounds great but lacks vision.. Google Pixel 2 XL: What we know so far. August's affordable Smart Lock is solid, even sans Siri. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for xiaomi mi mix. All Listings - Current page. results for xiaomi mi mix. Save xiaomi mi mix to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow xiaomi mi mix to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Did you mean: xiaomi mimix ( 16 items)?. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 64GB Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.99" 6GB Ram 12MP Dual Sim. 1 new & refurbished from $488.90. Xiaomi Mi MIX 18k 6.4" Official Global Rom 6GB RAM 256GB ROM 4G Smartphone. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 (64GB, 6GB RAM) Global 4G LTE GSM Android Dual Sim Unlocked. 2 new & refurbished from $499.00. Xiaomi Mi Mix Android Smartphone (256GB). Xiaomi Mi Mix Pro 6.4" Snapdragon 821 4G Android 6 Smartphone NEW ARRIVAL. New Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Smartphone Android 7.1 Snapdragon 835 Octa Core GPS Touch ID. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Smartphone Android 7.1 Snapdragon 835 Octa Core GPS NFC Touch ID. Xiaomi Mi Mix 6.4" Snapdragon 821 Smartphone Edgeless Display Full Ceramics Body. Xiaomi Mi Mix 128GB Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 6.4" 4GB Ram 16MP Dual Sim. New Original Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Snapdragon 835 Octa Core Smartphone Full Screen 2.0. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 5.99" Bezel-Less 6GB RAM 256GB ROM Fingerprint Dual SIM 4G. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 64GB Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 5.99" 6GB Ram 12MP Dual Sim. Xiaomi Mi MIX Mobile Phone Snapdragon 821 4GB/6GB 6.4" 2040x1080P Edgeless FL. Xiaomi Mi MIX 18k 6.4 inch Edgeless Display 6GB RAM 256GB ROM Snapdragon 821. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Black 64GB 5.99" 12MP 6GB RAM Android Phone By FedEx. 2 new & refurbished from $499.00. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Dual Sim 64GB / 128GB / 256GB Smartphone Mobile 4G LTE Unlocked. Original Xiaomi Mi MIX 6.4" Full Screen Snapdragon 821 128/256GB Ceramic Black. 2 new & refurbished from $600.00. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 64GB Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 6GB Ram 12MP Dual Sim. OPEN BOX-Xiaomi Mi Mix 256GB Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 6.4" 6GB Ram 16MP Dual Sim. Original Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 Full Screen Mobile Phone 5.99" Snapdragon 835 Octa Core. 6GB Ram 12MP Ceramic Black Dual Sim New+Gift. Xiaomi Mi Mix Concept Phone Cover Case + Tempered Glass Sandstone Tpu Frosted. Case Shockproof Leather 3D + Tempered Glass Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Thick Carbon Navy. OPEN BOX-Xiaomi Mi Mix 256GB Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 6.4" 6GB Ram 16MP Dual Sim. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Black 256GB 5.99" 12MP 6GB RAM Android Phone By FedEx. Xiaomi Mi Mix Black 256GB 6.4" 16MP 6GB RAM Android Phone By FedEx. 2 new & refurbished from $600.00. Xiaomi Mi MIX Smartphone MIUI 8 Snapdragon 821 Quad Core GPS Touch ID 4GB 128GB. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Global ROM Installed Unlocked Ships Fast! - Trusted USA Seller. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Android Phone 128GB Memory Snapdragon CPU 6GB RAM 5.99" Display. 4GB Ram 16MP Black Dual Sim New+Gift. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Smartphone 5.99" Bezel Less Bluetooth 5.0 Android 7.0 6GB RAM. 6.4 inch Full Screen Xiaomi MI MIX 4GB+128GB QC 3.0 Snapdragon 821 Quad Core. 6.4" Xiaomi Mi Mix 128GB/256GB UNLOCKED LTE Bluetooth Smartphone GSM Quad Core. Xiaomi Mi Mix 1 Dual Sim 128GB 6.4" Smartphone Mobile 4G LTE GSM Unlocked Black. Original Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Snapdragon 835 Android 7.1 Octa Core GPS NFC Touch ID. Xiaomi Mi Mix Pro 6.4" Snapdragon 821 4G Android 6 Smartphone NEW ARRIVAL. IMAK For Xiaomi Mi MIX2 Transparent Ultrathin Soft Cover Case + Screen Protector. Outer Front Screen Glass Cover Lens Panel For Xiaomi Mi Mix / mi mix Pro Black. OPEN BOX-Xiaomi Mi Mix 128GB Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 6.4" 4GB Ram 16MP Dual Sim. Xiaomi Mi MIX Smartphone MIUI 8 Snapdragon 821 Quad Core 6.4 Inch Screen 4G GPS. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 Global Bands 5.99 inch 6GB RAM 64GB ROM Octa core 4G Smartphone. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 4G Phablet Global Version - BLACK 234710501. OPEN BOX-Xiaomi Mi Mix 128GB Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 6.4" 4GB Ram 16MP Dual Sim. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 4G Phablet Global Version - BLACK 234710501. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 WHITE 128GB 8GB RAM *FACTORY UNLOCKED* 9.1.2 GLOBAL ROM GSM CDMA. Xiaomi Mi MIX 18k 6.4 inch Edgeless Display 6GB RAM 256GB ROM Snapdragon 821. OPEN BOX-Xiaomi Mi Mix 128GB Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 6.4" 4GB Ram 16MP Dual Sim. Xiaomi Mi MIX Pro Smartphone MIUI 8 Snapdragon 821 Quad Core Touch ID 6GB 256GB. Xiaomi MI MIX2 MIX 2 5.99 Inch 2160*1080 FHD+ 4G LTE Dual Sim. 8GB Ram Unibody Ceramic White Dual Sim New+Gift. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 Snapdragon 835 Octa Core 8GB 128G SmartPhone Full Ceramics White. OPEN BOX-Xiaomi Mi Mix 128GB Black (FACTORY UNLOCKED) 6.4" 4GB Ram 16MP Dual Sim. Xiaomi Mi MIX Mobile Phone Snapdragon 821 4GB/6GB 6.4" 2040x1080P Edgeless HOT. 6 new & refurbished from $559.79. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Special Edition White 8GB RAM 128GB ROM Unlocked - USA Seller. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Special Edition White 8GB RAM 128GB ROM Unlocked - USA Seller. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Philippe Starck Edition 8GB RAM 128GB ROM Unlocked - USA Seller. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Global ROM Version 9.2.3.0 Install Service. Mofi For XiaoMi Mi Mix 2, Smart Flip Leather Wallet Stand Card Cover Case. 4 x ultra clear Screen Protector for Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 curved. ✤ in Stock ✤ FedEx Shipping ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. Customs services and international tracking provided. ✤ FREE GIFTS ✤ FedEx Shipping ✤ Real USA Seller ✤. In Stock! Google Play Store! Ship Out Within 48 Hours!. BRAND NEW SEALED~WORKS ON VERIZON~*USA SELLER*IN STOCK. Customs services and international tracking provided. Global ROM installed OTA Updates Same Day Shipping!. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The next video is starting stop. The Bezel-less Smartphone: Xiaomi Mi Mix!. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Xiaomi Mi Mix hands-on - the bezel-less display in 2016! Sharp Aquos Crystal: https://youtu.be/opVgMDtBecA Video Gear I use: http://kit.com/MKBHD/video-gear#recom... Intro Track: Ongoing Thing by 20syl, Oddisee ~ http://twitter.com/MKBHD http://snapchat.com/add/MKBHD http://google.com/+MarquesBrownlee http://instagram.com/MKBHD http://facebook.com/MKBHD Device provided by Xiaomi for video. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2: The Bezel-less Sequel!. The Most Requested Smartphone I've NEVER Featured.... Mi 7 Introduction,with 18:9 Aspect ratio & 97% Screen to Body ratio ,The Xiaomi Flagship 2018. Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus vs Xiaomi MI MIX - Speed Test! (4K). Top 5 Best smartphones with unique features. The Xiaomi Mix Is A Slippery Slice Of Incredible. Xiaomi Mi MIX Review | All screen, almost all of the time. The Phone From The FUTURE! No Bezel Xiaomi Mi Mix Review. Xiaomi Mi Mix Quick Review - Indonesia. Xiaomi Mi MIX Review: 6 Months Later. Here's Why the 2017 Ford GT Is Worth $500,000. The Bezel-less Mi Mix - BEND TEST and Ceramic Scratch Test. Xiaomi Mi Mix 24 hours later!. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 vs.Mi Note 3 vs. The Phone From The Future 2! Mi Mix 2 Review. Xiaomi Mi Mix Unboxing - The Bezel-Less Beauty!!. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 In-Depth Review and Mi Mix Side by Side Comparison. Xiaomi Mi Mix vs Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge - Speed & Camera Test!. The Essential Phone Review: Save Your Money!. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
I cover consumer tech in Asia. Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own.. The Doogee Mix (left) next to the Xiaomi Mi Mix (right).. As a Chinese-American living in Hong Kong covering consumer tech, I constantly find myself torn. On one hand, I am annoyed with Americans -- some of whom have never even traveled out of the country -- make assumptions. that Chinese tech are all cheap knockoffs, especially since these same people don't realize that their iPhones and Beats headphones are all made in China too. On the other hand, I too go to Shenzhen and roll my eyes at times at just how garish and shameless the scene can be. start-ups full of Chinese dudes who don't speak a word of English launch. products on Kickstarter with a campaign that. makes them appear to be a trendy San Fran outfit full of hipster white staff; to seeing unabashed copycat jobs from companies.. new bezel-less phone by Doogee, one of like the hundreds of small phone companies in China. When the Shenzhen-based company first unveiled press renderings of its new bezel-less phone, it looked exactly like the Xiaomi Mi Mix, the edge-to-edge screen phone that launched to much fanfare from the western tech community last fall. And almost as if it was trying to be ironic, Doogee even named its phone the Mix.. So anyway, I got my hands on the Doogee Mix today, and yes, it is undoubtedly inspired by Xiaomi's (still) stunning phone , but there are a few pleasant (and one really weird) surprise.. First off, the Doogee Mix is more comfortable in the hand than the Mi Mix. Most of this is due to the smaller display size -- a 5.5-inch 1080p panel, as opposed to the 6.3-inch on Xiaomi's device. Even though the lack of bezels gave the Mi Mix a much smaller footprint than any other 6-inch device before it, it was still a bit unwieldy. The Doogee Mix is much more manageable to hold. It also helps that Doogee gave its device more a curve on the sides, whereas the Mi Mix was mostly a rectangle block.. The Doogee Mix has softer, rounder edges.. Another deviation by Doogee is it did not eliminate the earpiece and proximity sensor from the phone's top. Xiaomi's Mi Mix really turned heads at last fall's launch event because it removed those two long-standing phone features (instead, the Mi Mix vibrated sound to your ear through its metal frames and used a sonar-type tech to determine proximity) in order to shave the top bezel to virtually nothing.. On Doogee's mix, both components are still up there, which means the phone actually has a top bezel, just really, really slim. It's actually quite impressive for such a small company to pull off this feat of engineering. I tried a call and the sound came through loud and clear too.. It's hard to see but there is actually an earpiece and proximity sensor there.. That explains why the Doogee Mix is slightly less "bezel-less" than Xiaomi's Mix. Putting the two phones side by side with screen turned on, it's clear Doogee's phone has wider black bars wrapped around the display, as you can see in the main photo at the top of the piece.. Another change up front is Doogee has its fingerprint reader on the front, whereas the Mi Mix had it on the back.. Moving to the back of the device, the Doogee Mix has two cameras (because every phone has to go that route now... I almost want to command Samsung for not doing that with the S8). Here, the 16-megapixel+8-megapixel set-up does all the usual two camera tricks. It can produce "bokeh" shots and also offer 2x zoom (like the iPhone 7 Plus and the OnePlus 5 ). I took some quick sample shots and the results are okay. I doubt this camera will blow anyone away. I'll go into more details during my review to be published in a week or so.. Now while the Doogee Mix's processor, a MediaTek P25, can't compare to the Snapdragon 821 that powers Xiaomi's device, the Doogee Mix does offer 6GB of RAM.. The Doogee Mix comes with a phone ring accessory (which you stick on the back of the phone for additional grip), only it was packaged to appear like a condom. It was a real "WTF??" moment when I did the unboxing.. The thing is, Chinese companies sometimes do things that unintentionally hilarious (like using the word "cum" in place of a "/" symbol), but in this case, Doogee was obviously aiming for a joke, because the package actually reads "Stick in Hole, Feel the World.". Now if you're wondering why a smartphone company would pull a condom joke, well, you're not alone. I'm at a lost for words too. This is the ring that many people in Hong Kong stick to the back of their phones for additional grip.. Overall, the Doogee Mix seems to be a solid phone. It feels comfortable in the hand and the software is quite clean, without any of that heavy Chinese bloat I sometimes find on Oppo or Gionee phones. The design may not be original, but you can't deny it's practical. It's a 5.5-inch device that has a much smaller footprint than the iPhone 7 Plus or OnePlus 5 (both have 5.5-inch displays).. I'll have a full review of this phone in a week or so.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Release date: Nov 4, 2016. Based on 1 User reviews. High screen-to-body ratio (84.16 %). Very big display (6.4 inches). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Lacks microSD slot for storage expansion. Xiaomi made headlines with the Mi MIX – a China-exclusive conceptual smartphone that easily stands out with its design. Its front is occupied by a 6.4-inch display surrounded by a remarkably thin bezel, allowing it to achieve an impressive look and a record-braking screen-to-body ratio. The housing itself is made of ceramic for an even more exquisite feel. And if that's not enough, a premium version of the handset boasts 18K gold trimming. Design aside, the Mi MIX comes with top-notch hardware specs, plenty of storage, a massive battery, and Hi-Fi sound playback capabilities. While the Xiaomi Mi MIX is looking like an amazing phone, we must reiterate that it is merely a concept and very few units of it will be made.. Dimensions: 6.25 x 3.22 x 0.31 inches (158.8 x 81.9 x 7.9 mm). Weight: 7.37 oz (209 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 1080 x 2040 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps), 1280x720 (720p HD) (120 fps). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Stand-by time: 10.7 days (256 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: DLNA, Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 39, 40, 41. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers), Barometer. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 25 Oct 2016. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 590. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Xiaomi Mi MIX Exclusive Edition , Xiaomi Mi MIX 18K. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Xiaomi Mi MIX specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. MIUI 9 beta brings iPhone X-like gestures to certain Xiaomi models. The Xiaomi Mi MIX is heading to South Korea very soon. Xiaomi to sell the Mi MIX in new markets. Xiaomi MIX EVO could sport a Snapdragon 835 processor. White is the new black - hands on with Xiaomi's stark white Mi Mix. These are our favorite phones of 2016. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
We're using cookies to improve your experience.. Click Here to find out more.. Video Entertainment Culture Tech Science Business Social Good. Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers. Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy. Sites Job Board Social Good Summit. Xiaomi Mi Mix review: This is what the future looks like. Camera is solid, but not best. BONUS: People reacting to seeing the new Xiaomi Mi Mix. Dev & Design , Mobile , phone review , Tech , Xiaomi , xiaomi mi mix. By Ben Sin 2016-11-08 09:05:12 UTC. highlights the best of everything we cover, have experienced first-hand and would recommend to others.. Xiaomi's new game-changing bezel-less Mi Mix handset is one that needs to be seen in person.. Even though I’d devoured all the available press materials on the Mi Mix before my review unit arrived, when I booted it up for the first time, I was still left in awe.. SEE ALSO: Xiaomi is finally stepping out of Apple and Samsung's shadows. That edge-to-edge display just looked and felt surreal, like nothing I’ve seen before.. Although the phone, despite having a massive 6.4-inch screen, is no bigger than the iPhone 7 Plus or LG V20 , I found it a bit unwieldy, partly because of its square-ish build and slippery ceramic back.. The Mi Mix next to an iPhone 7 Plus (right).. The device is also a tad heavier (209g or 7.37 ounces) and thicker (7.9mm or 0.31 inch) than most of 2016's flagships.. The Philippe Starck -designed handset is eye-catching, but to be fair, Sharp released a similar edge-to-edge screen phone two years ago called the Aquos Crystal. Sadly, it was underpowered and had a noticeably large chin to compensate for having no top bezel.. The Mi Mix has a far more subtle chin, and it’s got top-of-the-line specs to go with its killer looks.. For starters, the Mi Mix is powered by the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chip, clocking in at 2.35GHz and running on 4 or 6GB of RAM depending on the model. Even though the unit I’m testing is the "lesser" 4GB version, the phone is blazingly fast.. I ran both real world tests, jumping in and out of bunch of apps, and benchmark tests. In both scenarios the Mi Mix finished among the top of the pack.. Using the Geekbench app, the Mi Mix scored benchmarks of 1,797 for single-core and 4,054 for multi-core — well ahead of the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge and Google Pixel — but short of the iPhone 7 Plus.. Since the phone has no upper bezel, Xiaomi had to remove long-standing smartphone components like the earpiece and proximity sensor. Instead, the phone uses a piezoelectric speaker and ultrasound tech to respectively pump out sound and check for your ear. During test calls I was able to hear the other person clearly, but the volume isn’t as loud as phones with a dedicated earpiece. That means using this in noisy environments could be a problem.. In order to accommodate the design, Xiaomi had to move the selfie camera. This certainly takes a little bit of getting used to — you’ll have to hold the phone a higher than head level for a proper looking shot.. The Mi Mix’s display resolution is "only" 1080p, but I’m in the camp that believes the human eye can’t tell the difference between full HD and quad HD anyway.. You've got to hold the camera differently for selfies.. As Mashable ’s Raymond Wong pointed out , the display on the Mi Mix is part of the design statement that Xiaomi is making.. The phone maker could have used typical display panels with standard resolutions, but instead Xiaomi opted to craft its own unique display with a 17:9 aspect ratio.. "The Mi Mix is indeed a showcase of our abilities, [particularly] how seriously we take design," a Xiaomi rep told me. "These innovations are developed in-house and they will trickle down to our other phones.". Behind the display, the second most important smartphone feature to most consumers is probably the camera, and the Mi Mix’s 16 megapixel shooter is solid, albeit not the best.. During brief testing, photos shot during the day came out sharp, but lacked the vibrant punch of photos taken by, say, a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge.. Photo shot with the Xiaomi Mi Mix.. The Mi Mix, with an aperture of f/2.0, also suffers in low light photography compared with competitors like the S7 Edge's f/1.7 and iPhone 7’s f/1.8 apertures.. Photos shot with Xiaomi (left) and Samsung S7 Edge (right).. While the camera isn’t bad, the boundaries of smartphone photography keep getting pushed, and it isn't caught up with the best right now.. Battery life, however, is among the best in the business. The giant 4400 mAh battery will almost certainly last a full day for even the heaviest of users, and the fast charging works as advertised: I went from 27 percent to 80 percent in about 25 minutes.. Xiaomi may call this a "concept device," but it's already stolen the thunder from Apple and Google’s 2016 flagships. After all, the iPhone 7’s design is now three years old — and the Pixel looks just like it.. The Mi Mix, meanwhile, is something most of us have never seen before.. With rumors of the iPhone 8 and Galaxy S8 going mostly bezel-less, it seems that Xiaomi has beaten both of them to the future.. Gorgeous, futuristic design • Good battery life with fast charging • Huge, 6.4-inch edge-to-edge screen. Under-the-screen earpiece slightly muffled • So-so camera • Selfie camera out of normal position. The beautiful, innovative design of the Xiaomi Mi Mix has its compromises, but you'll happily deal with them to hold a phone from the future.. About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory. is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The Xiaomi Mi MIX was announced in October 2016. Initially touted as a concept, the device has been put into production. The standout feature of the Mi MIX is the near bezel-less display, giving it a screen to body ratio of 91.3%, a number far higher than any other smartphone on the market to date of release. It has a 6.4" IPS LCD display, with a resolution of 1080 x 2040, and 3 curved edges, along the lines of the Samsung Edge devices. On the inside, the Mi MIX runs on a Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chipset, with quad-core 2.35GHz CPU, and Adreno 530 GPU. The device lacks expandable storage, though comes with the choice of 4GB of RAM and 128GB internal storage, or 6GB of RAM and 256GB internal storage. On the rear sits a 16MP shooter, with f/2.0 aperture, EIS and 4K video, and up front there's a 5MP selfie camera. The Mi MIX is powered by a 4400mAh battery, and features Quick Charge 3,0, via a USB Type-C connector.. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Xiaomi Mi MIX Real Life Review. Xiaomi Mi MIX Questions & Answers. Xiaomi Mi MIX Guides, News, & Discussion. Xiaomi Mi MIX ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Xiaomi Mi MIX Themes, Apps, and Mods. Xiaomi Mi MIX Real Life Review Xiaomi Mi MIX Questions & Answers Xiaomi Mi MIX Guides, News, & Discussion Xiaomi Mi MIX ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Xiaomi Mi MIX Themes, Apps, and Mods Xiaomi Mi MIX Accessories. Most Active Xiaomi Mi MIX Topics. [APP][CAMERA-MOD][7.1.X] Collection camera Modded for the Xiaomi Mi Mix Q & A. [ROM] [7.1.2_r29] [XIAOMI MI MIX] [LITHIUM] ViperOS v3.0 [OFFICIAL]. Xiaomi Mi MIX Real Life Review. More Xiaomi Mi MIX Real Life Review Threads. Xiaomi Mi MIX Questions & Answers. Is the Xiamoi Mi Mix 256gb / 6 GB RAM still worth it in 2018?. [Help] Mi Mix with no rom and locked bootloader, can't enter recovery.. More Xiaomi Mi MIX Questions & Answers Threads. Xiaomi Mi MIX Guides, News, & Discussion. MIUI 9 Stable + Magisk + Xposed. WHO has the biggest? Antutu Score ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°. enable google Assistant or google app on any screen miui 8. Anyone disappointed about the new Mix 2?. More Xiaomi Mi MIX Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. Xiaomi Mi MIX ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. [Recovery] Official TWRP for the Xiaomi Mi MIX (lithium). More Xiaomi Mi MIX ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. Xiaomi Mi MIX Themes, Apps, and Mods. [MOD] 3 in 1 Sound Enhancing Mod. [APP][CAMERA-MOD][7.1.X] Collection camera Modded for the Xiaomi Mi Mix Q & A. camera API2 mod: front camera upside down [FIXED]. Theme MIUI 9 - Purple Fever by Naeem Durrani. More Xiaomi Mi MIX Themes, Apps, and Mods Threads. Anywhere to buy the Xiaomi Stock Ecco Leather Case?. Mi Mix cracked LCD and other Spare Parts. More Xiaomi Mi MIX Accessories Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
The next video is starting stop. The Bezel-less Mi Mix - BEND TEST and Ceramic Scratch Test. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. How durable is the new Xiaomi Mi Mix bezel-less smartphone? Can the Mi Mix stand up to daily wear and tear? Do the super thin bezels on each side of the screen make the Mi Mix weaker than average? This video will answer all of those questions and more as I put this new Android phone through my regular testing. I have tested close to 50 different devices now. A short and sweet unboxing video that goes more in depth on smart phone hardware than anywhere else on YouTube. This phone is called the MI MIX. Mi Mix DROP TEST Video is HERE: https://youtu.be/VeLKqjvmFvQ Mi Mix TEARDOWN is HERE: https://youtu.be/m5MkZC1uRZY Other Xiaomi Durability Test Videos: Xiaomi Mi 5: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2jav... The camera I used to film this video: http://amzn.to/1IjlaCD The Lens I used for this video: http://amzn.to/1QOXDw2 And this Metabones adapter: http://amzn.to/1R7Ltic *Follow me for updates!* Instagram: http://instagram.com/zacksjerryrig Facebook: http://on.fb.me/1U4bQqv Twitter: https://twitter.com/ZacksJerryRig Snapchat: http://bit.ly/1UAb2Fq GooglePlus: https://bit.ly/1YyKice JerryRigEverything assumes no liability for property damage or injury incurred as a result of any of the information contained in this video. JerryRigEverything recommends safe practices when working with power tools, automotive lifts, lifting tools, jack stands, electrical equipment, blunt instruments, chemicals, lubricants, expensive electronics, or any other tools or equipment seen or implied in this video. Due to factors beyond the control of JerryRigEverything, no information contained in this video shall create any express or implied warranty or guarantee of any particular result. Any injury, damage or loss that may result from improper use of these tools, equipment, or the information contained in this video is the sole responsibility of the user and not JerryRigEverything. Only attempt your own repairs if you can accept personal responsibility for the results, whether they are good or bad.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Mi Mix Drop Test - How durable is a Ceramic Phone?. Mi Mix Teardown - Piezoelectric Speaker Test - Screen Replacement. A DUAL SCREEN Smart Phone?! - Durability Test. The Most Requested Smartphone I've NEVER Featured.... The Phone From The Future 2! Mi Mix 2 Review. Essential Phone Durability Test - Titanium Scratch Test!!. Nextbit Robin Bend Test FAIL - Durability test. The Xiaomi Mix Is A Slippery Slice Of Incredible. 7 most Beautiful smartphone In the world - Look like 7 wonders of the world. iPhone X Durability Test - Scratch BURN and Bend TESTED!. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2: The Bezel-less Sequel!. Galaxy S8 Durability Test - Scratch, Burn, and BEND tested. Xiaomi Mi6 Bend Test - Scratch Test - Durability Video. Testing the Rugged CAT S41 - Scratch, Burn, BEND Tested!. Worlds THINNEST Smartphone BEND TEST - Moto Z. Nokia 8 Durability Test - Scratch, BURN and Bend Tested!. Battle of the Sapphires - HTC U Ultra - Is it REALLY Sapphire?. Jet Black iPhone 7 - SCRATCH TEST!. The Phone From The FUTURE! No Bezel Xiaomi Mi Mix Review. Galaxy Note 8 Durability Test!! - Scratch Burn BEND TEST!!. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
18K gold rims around camera and fingerprint sensor. Play games, watch videos, and switch between apps effortlessly. Flash memory is 87% faster Faster response time, storage, and transfers. Lasts 256 on standby mode, 13 hours on continuous video or game. Display with custom rounded corners. 4400mAh (typ) / 4300mAh (min) high capacity battery. Beautify with 36 smart beauty profiles. 1080p video call with real-time Beautify. 4G dual SIM (2x nano SIM slots). Full-feature NFC, supports read/write, card emulation and P2P. The ultrasonic proximity sensor technology is a joint R&D effort from Xiaomi and Elliptic Labs.. Supports H.265 /HEVC (main profile), H.264 (baseline / main / high profiles), MPEG4 (simple profile / ASP), and VC-1 (simple / main / advanced profile) video formats. Supports PCM, AAC / AAC+ / eAAC+, MP3, AMR (NB and WB), FLAC, APE, DSD, WAV and other audio formats.. Mi Mix, leather case, power adapter, USB Type-C cable, warranty card, user guide, SIM card insertion tool. Full display is a display technology, when compared with other Mi phones, the screen proportions are much higher.. Full ceramic body refers to areas outside of the main display, that includes the frame, back, and buttons that are made of ceramic.. Calculations of screen proportions may vary from one to another.. All data are based on design specifications, lab data and suppliers. Graphics shown are illustrations only and not actual measurements.. Sin, Ben (2016, November 9) Xiaomi Mi MIX Review: It Makes The iPhone 7 Look And Feel So Outdated. Ghoshal, Abhimanyu (2016, October 25) Xiaomi's edgeless Mi MIX is possibly the best-looking smartphone of 2016. Savov, Vlad (2016, October 25) Xiaomi is selling the concept phone of your wildest dreams. Moynihan, Tim (2016, October 25) Xiaomi's Bezel-Free Mi MIX Phone is Beautifully Bonkers. Get updates on sales specials and more. You're on our email list for special offers. We want to hear from you!. Mi MIX2 Mi A1 Mi 6. Xiaomi Press & Media User Agreement Privacy Policy Xiaomi Blog. Copyright © 2010 - 2018 Xiaomi. There are too many people rushing in at the moment, please stay with us.. There are too many people flooding in right now, please try again soon.. 
Xiaomi’s exquisite Mi Mix is the future of smartphones, no time machine needed. Innovative, exquisite, and powerful: The Mi Mix is a vision of smartphones to come.. Innovative, exquisite, and powerful: The Mi Mix is a vision of smartphones to come.. Innovative, exquisite, and powerful: The Mi Mix is a vision of smartphones to come.. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. This is the Xiaomi Mi Mix , and you’re allowed to say “wow.” It may look like concept phone, a vision of the future, but you can actually buy it right now. The most striking feature is the almost bezel-less screen, which takes up almost the entire front of the device, and extends right up into the top corners. The technology to make this possible is amazing, but has Xiaomi come up with a usable phone that represents the future of smartphone design? We’ve been finding out.. You can’t stop staring at the Mi Mix. It’s beautiful in a way that other smartphones simply aren’t. Designs tend to follow the same trend, and although other phones may be attractive, they don’t even come close to the pure visual excitement generated by the Mi Mix. The 6.4-inch IPS LCD has an unusual 17:9 aspect ratio and covers more than 90 percent of the front panel. The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge manages 76 percent screen. A 14 percent difference may not sound much, but just look at the pictures. It’s an absolute world away from the S7 Edge. Look at the top corners, for instance. They don’t end in a right angle, but actually curve with the body. It’s not visual trickery either, the edge of the screen is really curved.. The Mi Mix is otherwise a very simple shape, and its glorious minimalism doesn’t stand out until you start examining the subtleties, from the “Mix designed by Mi” wording on the back, to the absolute lack of speakers or sensors on the front. Instead, the speaker is behind the screen itself and uses specially designed piezoelectric technology to transmit sound to your ear. Xiaomi has taken away the regular proximity sensor, too, making way for an ultrasonic module , which is located behind the screen. The Mi Mix isn’t all looks, it’s also an impressive technical achievement.. It’s made from ceramic, rather than metal and glass. Our review model came in glossy black, but Xiaomi now makes a white version, too. It’s stunning, but unless you carry a cloth around with you, or wear white gloves like you’re cradling a priceless artefact every time you pick the phone up, it’s going to get covered in fingerprints and smudges. The Mi Mix isn’t all looks, it’s also an impressive technical achievement.. The Mi Mix is so slippery, it’s like it’s actively trying to escape. No matter how you hold it, it slips, wriggles, and slides around in a continuous bid for freedom. The ceramic body offers no resistance, and there’s no texture or ridges down the side. Engage in just about any activity from taking photos to checking your email, and you run the gauntlet of the Mi Mix taking a dive. It’s almost essential to wrap the phone up in a case, unless you like the feeling that an awfully expensive accident is about to happen every second of the day .. Not to worry, owning the Mi Mix is like having a partner you absolutely adore. You’ll make ridiculous concessions just to be with them. We’ve taken to wearing a pair of grippy rubber kitchen gloves all the time. No more fingerprints, and no more worrying about accidents. Sure, people stare when you wear the pink ones, but when the Mi Mix is in your hand, you’ll be so smitten you won’t care.. Our Mi Mix came with 6GB of RAM and a Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor running at 2.35GHz, but when clearing the RAM, only about 4GB of RAM was ever listed as available for use by apps. A cheaper alternative model with 4GB of RAM as standard is also available, but you won’t get the 18k gold accents around the camera lens and fingerprint sensor, either.. The Snapdragon 821 chip has proved to be an excellent performer, and we’ve enjoyed using it before in the OnePlus 3T. It’s equally superb here, keeping the operating system zipping along, making web browsing and app use fast and fault free, plus it has superb gaming ability.. Games are more fun on the Mi Mix’s big, bright, and beautiful screen. I hesitate to say more immersive, because it doesn’t seem possible; but the right game is definitely more engrossing here. Danmaku Unlimited , an all-action bullet-hell game, plays beautifully in HD on Hard mode; yet despite being a game I’ve played many times, it was just that little bit more exciting, due to the Mi Mix’s combination of no bezel and a large screen size.. Xiaomi hasn’t gone mad with the display, opting for an IPS LCD panel and a 1,920 x 1,080 pixel resolution. It doesn’t suck the battery dry in moments, and is perfect for online video. Watch YouTube, tap the fullscreen button, and videos take up the whole of the display, curved corners included, rather than being squeezed down into an unusual format, or not supporting the full display. Put the Mi Mix through a couple of benchmark tests, and AnTuTu 3D gives it an incredible 153,637, putting it in the top five overall results. Xiaomi has stuffed a whopping 4,400mAh battery inside the Mi Mix, which by most modern standards, is huge. It’s an equally large benefit, too, and we easy got two days regular use out of the phone before feeling the need to plug it in the charger. This was more down to battery anxiety than any alerts the phone sent out.. In case it’s not obvious, there’s more than enough power, energy, and speed for everyone inside the Mi Mix.. Disappointingly, but not surprisingly, the Mi Mix has Android 6.0 Marshmallow installed. It’s not the latest version 7.0 Nougat, mainly due to MIUI, Xiaomi’s own user interface. It modifies Android extensively, to the point where Android Pay won’t work because it considers MIUI a custom version of the operating system.. Does the interface make it unpleasant? Not really. Version 8 of MIUI is installed, and our imported version came with Google Play all ready to go. That means you don’t have to deal with Xiaomi’s app store, and can install all the usual Google apps — from Maps to YouTube — directly from Play. Early setup takes a while, but we’ve never had any issues with installation or updates on a Xiaomi device.. Our review model came with a selection of pre-installed Xiaomi tools — including a QR code scanner, a compass app, a voice recorder, and the usual contacts, mail, music, file explorer, and calendar apps — but that’s all. Standard phone operation is dealt with by Xiaomi’s dialer, messaging app, and web browser. Anyone who has used Android on a Nexus or Pixel phone, will notice alterations to the notification shade and the settings menu, plus that app icons are spread across home screens and not in an app drawer.. There are a few decent apps provided by Xiaomi. The standard web browser is fast, the weather app is pretty and information packed, and the calendar app is easy to use. If you don’t like the minimalist look of MIUI’s app icons, or want to change a variety of aspects, there are many different themes available to download and apply. Dig deeper, and MIUI can be customized to an even greater degree.. Yes, we’d rather the phone ran regular Android, but MIUI is easy to use and attractive to look at. It’s also the price you have to pay for importing a phone from China, where Google services are barred, and we vastly prefer it over most other Chinese manufacturer user interfaces.. We do worry about security threats on outdated versions of Android, and we hope to see the Mi Mix get the Nougat update sooner rather than later. However, Xiaomi doesn’t have a good track record with updates, so don’t hold your breath. If you care about security and up-to-date Android, this phone isn’t the one for you.. Xiaomi hasn’t gone mad with the Mi Mix’s camera setup, so you get a 16-megapixel rear camera and a specially produced 5-megapixel selfie cam under the screen. Let’s talk about that one first.. Xiaomi had to source a really small module for its front camera, because it has to fit in a very small space in the only bezeled area on the phone, just below the screen. This isn’t the ideal spot for a selfie cam, unless taking photos with a great view up your nose is your thing. To get around the awkward placement, when you swap to the front cam the phone tells you to rotate it so the camera is in a more traditional position, and the app rotates accordingly.. That’s fine if you only use Xiaomi’s camera app, but not if you want to use Instagram, Snapchat, or any other photo app’s camera mode. Sure it works, but the camera gets blocked by your hand, or your picture comes out at a weird angle. Flip the phone on its head, and the app doesn’t follow, so it’s upside down, making it awkward to tap a shutter release button. The volume button sometimes activates the shutter to make life easier, but not in every app. The quality is only average once you do snap a selfie, but there are some fun live filters to try out, and a very good beauty mode with a pro and smart setting. Smart is the way to go, and it actually enhances the shot.. Around the back is a 16-megapixel camera with a Sony IMX318 sensor, an f/2.0 aperture, and phase-detection autofocus. Sadly, there’s no optical image stabilization, but there is electronic stabilization. The specs may not be stellar, and although we’ve been spoiled by some great dual-lens cameras recently, the Mi Mix’s rear camera takes good pictures. However, the HDR mode is aggressive — pushing out shadows and really enhancing blue skies, — and although we found the pictures pleasing, some may prefer the way the camera performs without it.. The Mi Mix is happy to blur the background of images very effectively, leading to some great bokeh shots without the need for a second lens. The same set of filters for the selfie cam can be applied to the rear camera, plus there’s a panorama mode, a tilt-shift setting, and a manual mode.. It’s not a standout camera, but it’s not a failure, either. We’ve been happy with the overall results from the Mi Mix.. How do you hear people during a call if the Mi Mix doesn’t have a speaker? Xiaomi has used special piezoelectric technology behind the screen to transmit sound through it, similar to how bone-conducting sound works. The effect is unusual, but there’s no noticeable drop in quality of volume.. The Mi Mix is so slippery, it’s like it’s actively trying to escape.. In fact, it works really well, and is arguably better than a traditional speaker. Why? It doesn’t really matter where the Mi Mix is held against your ear, the top, middle, or lower part of the display still delivers the same amount of volume and clarity.. The ultrasonic proximity sensor doesn’t seem to be quite as successful. It rarely shut down the screen when the phone was against my face, and sometimes accidentally activated an app. It doesn’t dim the screen if you put your hand over the screen though, which is good.. Because the Mi Mix is an imported phone that’s not really designed for use outside of Xiaomi’s regular territories, it doesn’t come with all the necessary bands to connect to all the usual U.S. Use an AT&T or T-Mobile SIM card and you’ll mostly see 3G data speeds, with 4G unlikely. We tested the Mi Mix in the U.K. with the O2 network, and primarily connected at 3G, too, although there is a better chance of 4G using EE. This is a common issue with imported smartphones, not just Xiaomi’s devices.. Just because the Mi Mix sounds like a concept phone, doesn’t mean it’s not for sale. You can buy it right now, if you’re prepared to pay a hefty price, and do some searching. Our review Mi Mix was supplied by GearBest, a popular importer of Chinese electronics, where the new white model is priced at just over $1,000. Don’t forget, this is a cutting-edge smartphone, produced in small numbers, and that means you pay a premium for the pleasure of owning one.. Xiaomi Mi Mix Compared To. The black version isn’t in stock at GearBest at the time of writing, but that is likely to change regularly, along with the final price, which depends on the currency exchange rate. If you want a Mi Mix, you’ll need to have patience and put in some effort to find one.. There are other importers, but GearBest has always delivered a faultless service, and provides a comprehensive warranty should your phone breakdown. This consists of a three-day dead-on-arrival warranty, a 45-day money back guarantee if the phone should be faulty during that time, plus a one-year warranty to cover against defects. You’ll still have to get support from China primarily by email and snail mail, but it really shouldn’t put you off. If you break the phone due to mistreatment, drop it in the bath, or change the software and brick the phone, it won’t be covered.. Exquisite to look at, vastly powerful, and technically compelling: The Xiaomi Mi Mix represents the future of smartphones, and it’s available right now.. If you want the Mi Mix’s amazing screen, then no, there isn’t any alternative. If you want a phone with a stunning ceramic body, then you won’t find one of those, either. The camera, processor, and operating system aren’t unique, and in two of those three areas, the Mi Mix isn’t top of the class. The camera is strong, but there are considerably better choices out there. MIUI isn’t as nice as the standard Android Nougat found on a Google Pixel XL .. The Pixel XL is our top Android phone recommendation. Its regular software updates, 24/7 customer support, strong specs, and great camera make it the best Android phone you can buy. The Huawei Mate 9 , the iPhone 7 Plus , and even a cheaper flagship phone like the OnePlus 3T. are all phones you should buy instead of the Mi Mix.. Original Xiaomi Mi Band 2 heart rate monitor. Luanke Transparent TPU soft phone case. Although none of these alternatives come close to matching the intoxicating style and bleeding edge tech of the Xiaomi phone, they are your best options right now. However, we recommend waiting to buy a new phone until April at the earliest, because several other major flagships — including the LG G6 , Samsung Galaxy S8 , and iPhone 8. — are all rumored to offer similar bezel-free designs. All of these phones will also be compatible with U.S. networks and sold through official channels and carriers.. If the Mi Mix takes a tumble, it won’t last very long at all. Screens that go all the way to the edge of the body may strike any hard surface sharply, and it’s unlikely to survive. When the phone in question is more slippery than a haddock that has been bathing in baby oil, it’s a recipe for disaster. Wrap the Mi Mix in a case, or suffer the consequences.. Xiaomi updates MIUI regularly, but the basic version of Android underneath is still 6.0.1 Marshmallow, and the security patch is from September 2016. If you buy this phone, you won’t be safe from hacks and security flaws so long as Xiaomi delays security patches.. Should you be an early adopter of any new technology? No, of course not. Should you buy a high-tech two-seat sports car over a solid, reliable hatchback? Not if you’re sensible. It’s the same story with the Mi Mix. No, we can’t recommend it, because it’s ultimately a shockingly expensive concept phone. You can buy a Pixel XL and still have $350 left in your pocket for the same cost as a Mi Mix. It’s the sensible choice, and wearing our sensible hat, it’s the phone we’ll tell you to buy.. However, the Mi Mix is not a phone for anyone wearing a sensible hat. It’s not even for people who own a sensible hat. The Mi Mix is for people with silly hats. It’s Google Glass for the smartphone world. A technical experiment that’s unlike anything else available, and that fact alone will make many, many smartphone fans absolutely desperate to own one. It also has the potential to become quite collectible, due to its limited numbers, high price, and being an import only device. You won’t retire on any proceeds from it, but it will certainly have more cache in the future than a regular Android smartphone.. One thing is for sure, if you do buy the Mi Mix, just be really, really careful with it.. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
6GB/256GB Dual SIM Ceramic Black / 18K Gold. 6GB/256GB Dual SIM Ceramic White/ 18K Gold. Xiaomi Mi MIX 4GB/128GB Dual SIM Ceramic Black. Xiaomi Mi MIX 4GB/128GB Dual SIM Ceramic White. SUBSCRIBE! News, promos, new products!. This website is set up and operated by NIS LLC. for the benefit of the Mi. hereby states that this website is dedicated, but. or any of its affiliated entity to sell products of Xiaomi Inc.. 
The insane-looking Xiaomi Mi Mix smartphone is almost all screen. Xiaomi's smaller version of the Mi Mix, called the Mix Nano, will soon be released. off as a concept phone, even though it looks like a device that’s way ahead of its time and that’s exactly what Xiaomi calls it. Why not? Because it’s in production right now and you may be able to buy one as early as December. That’s a real phone, and it’s one of the most exciting we’ve seen in a while.. If you have been waiting for a phone that doesn’t look like all the rest, the Mi Mix will turn your head, mainly due to the incredible edgeless display. It takes up the vast majority of the phone’s face, leaving only a small bezel at the bottom to house the selfie cam. The Mi Mix has a screen-to-body ratio of 91 percent. That is the highest of any phone made. and puts devices like the Galaxy S7 Edge’s 76 percent ratio to shame. Using all of the body this way means the Mi Mix can have a 6.4-inch screen without looking like a tablet.. If that 6.4-inch screen sounds terrifying to you, there may be some good news. Weibo has posted a photo of what may be a smaller, 5.5-inch version that is being called the. will be released just after Thanksgiving and in time for the holidays. In fact, sources claim that the first week of December will bring about the debut of the new handset — mark your calendars.. If you’ve looked at the pictures of the Mi Mix already, you may be wondering where the speaker is? After all, it’s usually in the top bezel on other phones. Xiaomi has used what it calls “cantilever piezoelectric ceramic acoustic technology” to do away with the speaker setup, which works in a similar way to bone conduction audio technology, found in some headphones and previously in Google Glass. Hold the phone up and touch it to your face, and you’ll hear the call. An ultrasonic proximity sensor is used instead of an infrared module, so it can be hidden behind the screen.. The phone’s body is ceramic, there are 18 karat gold highlights around the fingerprint sensor and the 16-megapixel camera lens, plus the front camera is specially made to be half the size of traditional modules, so it still fits in the frame. A Snapdragon 821 processor with 6GB of RAM and 256GB of storage powers the flagship Mi Mix, although one with 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage is also available, but doesn’t have the gold accents. Completing the spec list is Android with MIUI 8 over the top, a massive 4,400mAh battery with Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0, NFC, wireless payments, and hi-res audio playback.. Xiaomi’s Mi Mix phone, which it designed with the help of famed French designer Philippe Starck, went on sale in China this month. If you opt for the 4GB/128GB version, it’ll cost around $510, while the 6GB/256GB Mi Mix will be closer to $600. That is a lot for a Xiaomi phone, but still cheaper than an iPhone 7 Plus , a Pixel XL , or an LG V20. That is pretty good, especially for such a futuristic device. of China, imports will inevitably be available, but unlike the new Mi Note 2 , there is no mention of global 4G LTE connectivity for the Mi Mix.. Article originally published in October 2016. Updated on 11-23-2016 by Lulu Chang: Added. release date for the Mi Mix Nano.. Comparing smartphones to find the most bezel-less design. Everything we know about the Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S. Xiaomi Redmi 5 and Redmi 5 Plus: Everything you need to know. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. These two wacky walking robots may pave the way for future locomotion. Everything we know about the Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S. Big-screen Nokia 7 Plus featuring Android One announced at Mobile World…. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Stay logged in | Having trouble?. Sign up or login to join the discussions!. Sign up to comment and more. Xiaomi Mi Mix review—This is what the future of smartphones looks like. Xiaomi elegantly solves a lot of problems to create a more screen-centric smartphone. Page: 1 2 3 Next →. - Nov 17, 2016 12:30 pm UTC. SPECS AT A GLANCE: XIAOMI MI MIX. Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 (two 2.35GHz Kryo. FDD-LTE: B1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8. 16MP rear camera, 5MP front camera. 158.8 x 81.9 x 7.9 mm (6.25 x 3.22 x 0.31 in). The phone template of the future. How the heck do you make a phone call?. If you're using Apple as a measuring stick for the industry, we're going to have three years of iPhones that use an identical case design. going by Samsung, the company hasn't tweaked its front design since the Galaxy S5 in 2014. Google just produced its first self-branded smartphone hardware ever, and it didn't. have anything significant to say when it comes to smartphone design either.. Not everyone in the industry seems so. For a different take on smartphone design, we look to China, where Xiaomi has just introduced a phone with a jaw-dropping design. that maximizes screen real estate above all else. The Xiaomi Mi Mix is the company's look at "the future of smartphones." While it's being called a "concept phone," it's actually for sale. for the shockingly low price of $516. Forget about buying it, though—Xiaomi is selling the Mi Mix in China only. Even if you could pay a premium to import it, it sadly lacks important LTE bands. just look at that design! The Mi Mix looks like one of those incredibly unrealistic fan renders , but it's a real phone I was able. to spend the last week with. There have been tons of questions about the practicality of something like this and what tradeoffs are involved. Is all-screen actually a good idea? More importantly, is this really the future of smartphones?. That bezel might look like something from a sci-fi movie, but it's very real.. The corners of the screen are rounded.. The front-facing camera lives in the bottom-left corner of the phone.. There's an auto brightness sensor just above the USB port.. Did we mention it's huge? It's the size of a Nexus 6.. The body of the phone is ceramic with a mirror finish.. There's also reflective "Mix Designed by Mi" text.. On the back is a fingerprint sensor and a camera.. On the bottom we've got two sets of holes—one for the single speaker and another for the microphone—and a USB-C port.. Not much on this side other than a SIM slot.. On the other side we've got volume and power buttons.. On top there's a headphone jack and another microphone.. If we're talking about major design choices, every. modern smartphone can trace its roots back to the original iPhone released in 2007.. It has been almost 10 years now, but this device is still used as "the template" for the. You've got the screen in the center of the device, with symmetrical bezels on the top and bottom. Most of the front-facing components go in the top bezel, like the earpiece, auto-brightness, and proximity sensors (later, typically a front-facing camera). The bottom bezel is used for buttons or, sometimes, nothing at all.. Further Reading iPhone in depth: The Ars review. This is what we're used to, but it's not necessarily ideal. The screen is the only "useful" real estate on the front of the phone, so really everything that isn't a pixel is wasted space. Engineering realities mean we use the bezels for components both inside and outside the phone. But if we can find a better spot for those components that allows us to make the screen bigger, there's a potential improvement there.. This is exactly what Xiaomi tried to do with the Mi Mix. While most other companies are out making cookie-cutter smartphones, Xiaomi's "concept" phone rethinks how a smartphone should be designed. For the Mi Mix, the company. shuffled everything around in the name of maximizing screen real estate and removing wasted space. The front-facing camera and brightness sensor. have both been moved to the bottom of the phone, while the proximity sensor and earpiece are completely gone from the front, replaced by high-tech internal solutions.. If you're going to build a "family tree" for the Mi Mix design, past smartphones from Sharp would definitely be in there. In 2014, we reviewed the Sharp Aquos Crystal , one of the few Sharp phones to escape Asia and make it to the wider world. After the mid-range Aquos Crystal, the design moved to higher-end devices with the Sharp Aquos Xx and Aquos Xx2 .. Sharp kind of ran into the same problems as the Mi Mix did, but the company never solved them in the same way as Xiaomi. Sharp originally used a weird bone conduction speaker for the earpiece before later scrapping that idea. It then made the top bezel a bit bigger and used a regular earpiece. With the latest version of the "Aquos" line—the. Aquos Xx3 —Sharp seems to have abandoned its cutting-edge phone design altogether.. An external earpiece is the major justification for a top bezel on a phone, and it's totally gone in the Xiaomi Mi Mix. There is still an "earpiece speaker" of sorts, but it's on the inside of the device. Rather than slap a speaker on the other side of the display, the company came up with something it calls "cantilever piezoelectric ceramic acoustic technology.". That's a big jumble of words, so let's break it down. " Piezoelectric ceramic " is just a component that converts electrical energy into mechanical energy—you apply voltage and it vibrates.. A "cantilever" is a beam attached to something at one end, and judging by Xiaomi's video , it's connected to the piezoelectric as a resonance booster. All this mechanical energy is transferred to the phone's internal metal frame, which then vibrates to create sound.. Vibrating an internal metal frame to create sound means the sound isn't as localized as it would be from a speaker. Sticking your ear anywhere on the top quarter of the phone—front or back—is good enough to pick up noise. There really doesn't seem to be much "directionality" to the sound generation. the sound doesn't travel very far—I'd say it's about as "private" as a normal earpiece. A 3rd party will be able to. eavesdrop on your call in a quiet room, but outsiders will struggle to hear your conversation in a noisy area.. At max volume, the "speaker" gets very loud—loud enough that you won't want to have it against your head. point, you start to feel the vibrating metal frame through the rest of the phone. max volume, the phone vibrates about as much as the haptic feedback system makes it vibrate, but again, you don't want to use this at max volume. At a normal level, there's just as much "buzz" as you'd get with a normal speaker.. In practice, the "earpiece speaker" here is excellent, and this feels like an ideal solution for a modern smartphone.. It doesn't sound muffled from being "inside" the phone, and the sound quality is about what you would expect from an earpiece speaker, just. with a much louder top end. The phone vibrates a bit more at max volume, but. Even if this were worse than a normal earpiece (again, it isn't), I'd say something like, "as people make fewer and fewer voice. calls, dedicating the top of the phone specifically for this purpose makes less and less sense." Xiaomi's solution removes this dead space with basically no tradeoffs. And thanks to the higher volume, I can imagine many voice call users would actually. prefer this to a traditional earpiece.. Besides the new earpiece shenanigans, there's also traditional speakerphone functionality using the bottom firing speaker.. of the proximity sensor, which has also been cut from the top bezel. use an infrared proximity sensor to detect your face during a phone call. This way, when you press the phone against your ear, you don't start pressing buttons. The Mi Mix still does this, but instead of an infrared sensor that needs to be mounted on the outside of the phone, Xiaomi uses an ultrasonic sensor that can live behind the screen. Like the speaker, this works perfectly and doesn't use up valuable phone real estate.. Ron is the Reviews Editor at Ars Technica, where he specializes in Android OS and Google products. He is always on the hunt for a new gadget and loves to rip things apart to see how they work. You must login or create an account to comment.. ← Previous story Next story →. Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). View our Affiliate Link Policy. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast .. 
