Xiaomi Mi 5s 4GB/128GB Dual SIM Gray. Xiaomi Mi 5s 4GB/128GB Dual SIM Silver. Xiaomi Mi 5s 4GB/128GB Dual SIM Gold. Xiaomi Mi 5s 4GB/128GB Dual SIM Pink. Xiaomi Mi 5s 4GB/32GB Dual SIM Gray. Xiaomi Mi 5s 4GB/32GB Dual SIM Silver. Xiaomi Mi 5s 4GB/32GB Dual SIM Gold. Xiaomi Mi 5s 3GB/64GB Dual SIM Gray. Xiaomi Mi 5s 3GB/64GB Dual SIM Silver. Xiaomi Mi 5s 3GB/64GB Dual SIM Gold. Xiaomi Mi 5s 3GB/64GB Dual SIM Pink. SUBSCRIBE! News, promos, new products!. This website is set up and operated by NIS LLC. for the benefit of the Mi. hereby states that this website is dedicated, but. or any of its affiliated entity to sell products of Xiaomi Inc.. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Xiaomi Mi 5s. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Xiaomi Mi 5s smartphone was launched in September 2016. The phone comes with a 5.15-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. The Xiaomi Mi 5s is powered by 2.15GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 64GB of internal storage that cannot be expanded. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Xiaomi Mi 5s packs a 12-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 4-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Xiaomi Mi 5s runs Android and is powered by a 3200mAh non removable battery. It measures 145.60 x 70.30 x 8.25 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 145.00 grams. The Xiaomi Mi 5s is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC, USB OTG, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor, Gyroscope and Barometer.. Xiaomi Mi 5: Features and Specifications Compared. Xiaomi Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus Announced: Price, Specifications, and More. More Xiaomi mobiles Xiaomi mobiles price in India. Release date September 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 145.60 x 70.30 x 8.25 Weight (g) 145.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3200 Removable battery No Colours Gold, Dark Grey, Silver, Rose Gold. Screen size (inches) 5.15 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor 2.15GHz quad-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 RAM 3GB Internal storage 64GB Expandable storage No. Rear camera 12-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 4-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer Yes Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Xiaomi Mi 5s. 1 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star 1. Displaying review(s) 1- 1 of 1 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By GUNTURU NAGA SANDEEP | 19 Sep 2017. Don't buy xiaomi company phones.garbage and bullshit. Recycling products.why Indians are buying this type of products.cheap technology.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. Xiaomi Mi 5: Features and Specifications Compared. Xiaomi Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus Announced: Price, Specifications, and More. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Y1 Xiaomi Redmi Y1 Lite Xiaomi Redmi 5A Xiaomi Mi Note 3 Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 Special Edition Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 Xiaomi Mi A1 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Xiaomi Mi 5X Xiaomi Redmi 5 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus Xiaomi Mi 6 Xiaomi Redmi 4X Xiaomi Mi 5c Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Xiaomi Mi MIX Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Xiaomi Mi Max Prime Xiaomi Redmi 3S Plus Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4x vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4x vs. Xiaomi Mi 5s Xiaomi Mi 5x vs. Xiaomi Mi 5 Xiaomi Mi Max Prime vs. Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus vs. Xiaomi Mi 5s Xiaomi Mi 5x vs. Xiaomi Mi 5s Gionee P7 Max vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus Xiaomi Mi 5s vs. Apple iPhone Se Xiaomi Mi 5s vs. Motorola Moto G4 Play vs. Motorola Moto G4 Plus vs. Motorola Moto X Play Xiaomi Mi A1 vs. Xiaomi Mi 5s Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Samsung Galaxy S9 a Worthy Upgrade? A Look at What's New. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Xiaomi Mi 5s in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... View all photos (13). Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). Large camera sensor pixel size (1.55 μm). Lacks microSD slot for storage expansion. The Xiaomi Mi 5s keeps the same 5.15" 1080p screen with 600 nits of brightness of its predecessor, the Mi 5, but adds a Snapdragon 821 chipset, and a bunch of new tech, both for the company, and overall. The top 4 GB + 128 GB version of the Xiaomi Mi 5s employs a pressure-sensitive display, leveraging the Synaptics touch drivers to tell between a lighter push or a harder press of the display's cover glass. Next in line for the Mi 5s is Qualcomm's Sense ID ultrasonic fingerprint sensing tech which recognizes fingertips in a fraction of a second while being less prone to damage. The camera on the back of the 5s is a 12 MP affair with the new Sony IMX378 sensor, while the front-facing shooter doles out 4 MP selfies. As for the rest of the specs, there is a USB-C port on the bottom of the phones, as well as Quick Charge 3.0 technology for rapidly topping up the phones.. OS: Android (6.0), Xiaomi MI UI. Dimensions: 5.73 x 2.77 x 0.32 inches (145.6 x 70.3 x 8.25 mm). Weight: 5.11 oz (145 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Features: Fingerprint (touch), Touch sensitive control keys. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Pressure-sensitive, Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. 3840x2160 (4K) (30 fps), 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (120 fps), 1280x720 (720p HD) (120 fps). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Camera sensor size - A bigger camera sensor is able to capture more light, and thus produce better photos.. Pixel size - The size of an individual pixel on a camera's sensor. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers), Barometer. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 27 Sep 2016. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 345. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Xiaomi Mi 5s specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. China is the strange place where Microsoft sells Xiaomi phones instead of Windows Phones. Xiaomi Mi 6 looks very slick in purported prototype pic. Xiaomi Mi 6 in the works as company runs poll on potential specs. Xiaomi Mi 5s with 6 GB RAM spotted in the wild. Xiaomi Mi 5s teardown showcases the device's inner workings. Xiaomi Mi 5s and 5s Plus generate 3 million registrations in 24 hours. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Xiaomi Mi 5s 4GB/128GB Dual SIM Gray. Xiaomi Mi 5s 4GB/128GB Dual SIM Silver. Xiaomi Mi 5s 4GB/128GB Dual SIM Gold. Xiaomi Mi 5s 4GB/128GB Dual SIM Pink. Xiaomi Mi 5s 3GB/64GB Dual SIM Gray. Xiaomi Mi 5s 3GB/64GB Dual SIM Silver. Xiaomi Mi 5s 3GB/64GB Dual SIM Gold. Xiaomi Mi 5s 3GB/64GB Dual SIM Pink. Xiaomi Mi 5s 4GB/32GB Dual SIM Gray. Xiaomi Mi 5s 4GB/32GB Dual SIM Silver. Xiaomi Mi 5s 4GB/32GB Dual SIM Gold. SUBSCRIBE! News, promos, new products!. This website is set up and operated by NIS LLC. for the benefit of the Mi. hereby states that this website is dedicated, but. or any of its affiliated entity to sell products of Xiaomi Inc.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for xiaomi mi 5s. All Listings - Current page. results for xiaomi mi 5s. Save xiaomi mi 5s to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow xiaomi mi 5s to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Xiaomi MI 5s - 64GB - gray (Unlocked) Smartphone. 1 new & refurbished from $300.00. Xiaomi Mi 5S Mi5S MIUI 8 Snapdragon 821 Quad Core 5.15" Unlocked 4G Smartphone. For Xiaomi Mi 5 5S Plus New Shockproof Silicone Case Soft Bumper TPU Cover Shell. For Xiaomi Mi 5S M5S Plus 5.7" Fabric Cloth Card Wallet Stand Flip Case Cover. For Xiaomi Mi 5S M5S 5.15" 3D Punk Style Rugged PU Leather Flip Case Cover Horse. For Xiaomi Mi A1 5X 5 5S 5C 6 Redmi 4A 4X Sandstone Slim Hard Back Cover Case. For Xiaomi Mi6 5 5S + 360° Protection Shockproof Matte Hard Back Case Slim Cover. Original Xiaomi Mi 5S Mi5S Smartphone MIUI 8 Snapdragon 821 4G GPS Touch ID NFC. For Xiaomi Mi 5 6 5S Plus Shockproof Silicone Case Soft Bumper TPU Cover Shell. ShockProof Slim Matte Soft TPU Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 3s 4 4A Pro/ 4 Mi5 5s. NILLKIN Matte Bumper Nature TPU Soft Silicone Cover Case For XiaoMi Mi 5 5S Plus. Nillkin Super Frosted Shield Matte Hard Back Case Cover For XiaoMi Mi 5 5S Plus. For Xiaomi Mi5C Mi5S Redmi 5A Heat Dissipation Phone Cover Case Shell Protector. For Xiaomi Mi 5S M5S 5.15" Retro Crocodile PU leather Flip Case Cover Card Slot. C-KU® Super Hard PC Plastic Armor Hard Case for Xiaomi Mi 5 Mi 5S 5S Plus. For Xiaomi Mi A1 5X Luxury Shockproof Ultra Slim PC Heat Dissipation Case Cover. 360° Shockproof Slim Soft Rubber Silicone TPU Case Cover For XiaoMi Mi 5 5S Plus. Pretty Dynamic Glitter Quicksand Liquid Case For Xiaomi Mi 5X Mi5S Max Max2 Case. For Xiaomi Mi A1 5X 5S 6 Plus Max 2 Business Slim Leather Case Flip Wallet Cover. For Xiaomi Mi A1 5X 5S Plus 360° Shockproof Electroplate Bumper Hard Case Cover. Ultra Thin Silicone Frosted TPU Back Cover Case For Xiaomi Mi A1 5X Mix Max 2. Luxury Soft TPU Ultra Thin Frosted Back Cover Case For Xiaomi Mi 5 5S 5s Plus. 4x KHAOS For Xiaomi Mi Mix HD Tempered Glass Screen Protector. For Xiaomi Mi 5s,Slim Heavy Duty Silicone +TPU Hard Armor Shockproof Case Cover. 360° Full Protector Case Cover+Tempered Glass for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 4 5s Mi5s. Phone Cases For Xiaomi Redmi 4X Note 4 4X Pro Mi5s Mi6 Case Full Cover Housing. Luxury Ultra-Thin Hard Back Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy iPhone X 5s 6 7 Plus. Imak Slim Thin PC Transparent Crystal Hard Case Cover for Xiaomi mi 5s / 5s plus. For Xiaomi Redmi 4X 5A 5 Plus Note 4 360° Full Cover Shockproof Hybrid Back Case. For Xiaomi mi6 mi5S mi4s Redmi 5A 4A Note4 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector. For Xiaomi Mi 6 A1 Max Mix 2 Sandstone Skin Shockproof Slim Hard Blck Case Cover. Nillkin Matte Frosted Shield Shell Back Cover + Protector For Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus. 360° Shockproof Transparent Silicone Soft TPU Case Cover Skin For Xiaomi & Redmi. Carbon Fiber Slim Back TPU Silicone Cover Case For Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus Max 2. For Xiaomi Mi 5 5S Luxury TPU Silicon Ultra Thin Frosted Back Cover Case 0.6mm. For Xiaomi Mi 5 Shockproof Case Hard PC Ultra Slim Frosted Back Cover Removable. TPU Silicone Case for mobile phone XIAOMI MI 5S Cover Bumper PINK NEW. Original 5V 1A Wall Charger + USB Type-C Cable For Xiaomi Mi 5 5S Mi 4C 4S Max 2. For Xiaomi Mi 5S Luxury Dot Smart Sleep Case Window View PU +PC Flip Cover Shell. For Xiaomi Phones Ultra Thin Slim Silicone Soft Rubber TPU Back Case Skin Cover. For Xiaomi Mi A1/5X/5/5S/Not e 4/4X Soft Silicone Painting Painted TPU Cover Case. Rugged Hybrid Armor Shockproof Hard Stand Case Cover For Xiaomi Mi 5S / 5S Plus. For Xiaomi Mi 5X A1 Redmi Note 4/5A Magnetic Flip Leather Wallet Card Case Cover. For Xiaomi Mi 5S Luxury Dot Smart Sleep Case Window View PU +PC Flip Cover Shell. Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Case Cover For Xiaomi 6 A1 5X Redmi Note 3 4X 5A. Slim Original Leather Flip Case Skin Cover For Xiaomi A1 Mix Max 2/Note 3 4X 5A. Newest Ultrathin Painted Slim Soft TPU Silicone Shockproof Case Cover For Xiaomi. 5x NEW Tempered Glass Cover Screen Protector Film For XiaoMi Redmi Note 4 4X 5A. SLIM FIT THIN HARD CASE FOR XIAOMI REDMI 4A 4X 4S MI 6 NOTE 3 4 MI5C 5S MI6 PLUS. For Xiaomi Mi A1 Mix 2 Transparent Soft Silicone TPU Shockproof Case Cover Skin. Shockproof Ultrathin Sandstone Matte Hard Back Cover Case For Xiaomi Mi 6 5C 5X. Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Case Cover For Xiaomi 6 A1 5X Redmi Note 3 4X 5A. Luxury Soft Thin TPU Back Full Cover Case For Xiaomi Mi 6 5 5S 5X A1 Slim Case. For Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 MAX Mi A1 360° Full Protector Case Cover+Tempered Glass. For Xiaomi mi6 mi5S mi4s Redmi 5A 4A Note4 Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector. 2X 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector Cover For XiaoMi Redmi A1 4X Note 4 4X 5A. For Xiaomi Mi 5 5S Plus Luphie Heavy Duty Case Metal Aluminum Shockproof Cover. For Xiaomi Mi 5 5S Plus Premium Real Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film Guard. 3X EZguardz New Screen Protector Shield HD 3X For Xiaomi Mi5s Plus. LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly Replacement For Xiaomi Mi5S Mi 5S. Customs services and international tracking provided. Fit Xiaomi Mi 5C 5S 6 Plus Redmi 3S 4A Note 4X Pro. Fit For Xiaomi Mi 5S 6 Mix Max 2 Redmi 4A Note 4X 5A. Anti Slip Matte Soft TPU Silicone Cover Mi 5/5S/Plus. For Xiaomi Mi 5 Full Protection 3in1 Shell Case Cover. For Xiaomi A1 5 6 Mix Max 2&Redmi 3 4 4X 5 Note 3 4 5A. For Xiaomi Mi 5/6/5S/Plus Tempered Glass Screen Saver. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Radio Fm Waterproof Huawei Wireless P6000 Pro Bluboo 4g. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. > Mobile Phones > Cell Phones > Xiaomi Mi 5s. MUXMA Durable Canvas Design Flip PU Leather Wallet Case for Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus. for Xiaomi Mi 5S PC Frame TPU Cover Protector Shield. for Xiaomi Mi 5 Tempered Glass 9H 2.5D Explosion-p.... Tempered Glass Screen Protector 9H 2.5D Film for Xiaomi Mi 5. Ultra Thin Soft TPU Transparent Case for Xiaomi Mi 5 / Mi5. Tempered Glass Screen Protector 9H Film for Xiaomi Mi 5s. Ultra-Thin Tpu Back Cover Case for Xiaomi Mi 5S - Transparent. ASLING Matte Slim TPU Phone Case for Xiaomi Mi 5S. for Xiaomi Mi 5S 2.5D Tempered Glass 9H Shatter-pr.... Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus. Transparent Ultra Thin TPU Soft Case for Xiaomi Mi 5s / Mi5s. Naxtop 1PC Screen Film for Xiaomi Mi 5S. Luanke 9H Film for Xiaomi mi 5S Plus. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Full Cover Shatter.... Ultra-Thin Tpu Back Cover Case for Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus- Transparent. ASLING Matte Slim TPU Phone Case for Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus. Original Xiaomi Mi 5-Outlet Power Strip. Luanke 3D Relief Kickstand Cover Case for Xiaomi Mi 5S. Cartoon Cat Design Ultra Slim TPU Shockproof Black Silicone Soft Back Case for Xiaomi Mi 5. Clear Crystal Soft TPU Thin Case for Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus. Naxtop 1PC Screen Film for Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus. 2pcs Naxtop 2.5D Tempered Glass Screen Film for Xiaomi Mi 5S. Tpu Brushed Finish Soft Phone Case for Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus. Luanke Carbon Fiber TPU Soft Case Cover for Xiaomi Mi 5S. ASLING Brushed Finish Phone Case Protector for Xiaomi Mi 5S. Luxury Retro Case for Xiaomi Mi5S Case Wallet Flip PU Leather Cover Cases for Xiaomi Mi 5S M5S Mi5S Phone Bag with Stand. Luanke 3D Relief Kickstand Cover Case for Xiaomi Mi 5. 2pcs Naxtop Tempered Glass Screen Film for Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus. Luanke 2 in 1 Bracket Phone Back Cover for Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus. for Xiaomi Mi 5 Tempered Glass 9H 2.5D Explosion-p.... ASLING Brushed Finish Soft Phone Case for Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus. Luanke Carbon Fiber TPU Soft Case Cover for Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus. ASLING Brushed Finish Phone Case Protector for Xiaomi Mi 5. Luanke Cover for Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus. Thermal Induction Design Soft Phone Back Case Prot.... Luanke Metallic Paint PC Hard Phone Case for Xiaomi Mi 5. Skull Design Ultra Slim TPU Shockproof Black Silicone Soft Back Case for Xiaomi Mi 5S. TPU Brushed Finish Soft Phone Case for Xiaomi Mi 5S. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 Next Go To : 1 2 3 4 5. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
Xiaomi Mi 5s review: A great phone you can't buy. The Xiaomi Mi 5s offers much-needed improvements from the Mi 5, making it a significantly better device.. Although a mid-cycle refresh in Xiaomi's flagship series, the Mi 5s comes with an all-new metal chassis that looks upmarket. The phone has upgraded hardware in the form of a Snapdragon 821 SoC, the camera sensor has been overhauled, and Xiaomi is offering a global MIUI ROM with Play Store access. Then there's the price, with the handset retailing for the equivalent of $300 in China.. Xiaomi Mi 5s Full review. Xiaomi had a great 2016 when it comes to the budget segment, with its Redmi series setting new sales records over the course of the year. The same cannot be said of the company's high-end phones, however. The Mi 5 fared relatively well when it debuted in April, but it was overshadowed by the likes of the OnePlus 3 and then the 3T. A similar situation played out in China, with Xiaomi conceding valuable market share to Vivo and OPPO, both of whom capitalized on the offline market to boost sales.. In a bid to regain its standing in its home market, the company has launched three flagship-tier phones: the Mi 5s, the Mi Note 2, and the bezel-less Mi Mix.. In a bid to regain its standing in its home market, the company has launched three flagship-tier phones: the Mi 5s, the Mi Note 2, and the bezel-less Mi Mix. The Mi Mix isn't being sold in huge numbers, but Xiaomi is counting on the Mi 5s and the Mi Note 2 to drive sales until the Mi 6 makes its debut.. The Mi 5s is a China-only product, where it is available in two variants: the Mi 5s and the Mi 5s Plus. The latter has a larger screen and dual cameras at the back, while the former refines the design of the Mi 5. The phone itself offers very compelling hardware in the form of a Snapdragon 821, and the 5.15-inch display makes the Mi 5s easy to use one-handed.. The best part about the phone — as is the case with most Xiaomi handsets — is its price, with the Mi 5s retailing for under $300. That's for the base model with 3GB of RAM and 64GB storage, but you still get a lot of value for your money. Although the phone isn't offered outside of China, Xiaomi has rolled out a global MIUI ROM for the handset, offering Play Store and other Google services like Gmail, Chrome, YouTube, Maps and more out of the box.. MIUI 8 based on Android 6.0 Marshmallow. 5.15-inch 1080p (1920 x 1080) IPS LCD panel 428ppi pixel density. Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 Two Kryo cores at 2.15GHz, two Kryo cores at 1.6GHz 14nm. 12MP with f/2.0 lens dual-tone LED flash 4K video recording. 4MP with f/2.0 lens 1080p video recording. WiFi ac, Bluetooth 4.2 (A2DP), NFC, GPS, GLONASS USB-C, 3.5mm audio jack. 3200mAh battery Quick Charge 3.0. Front fingerprint sensor (Qualcomm Sense ID). 145.6 x 70.3 x 8.3 mm. Xiaomi Mi 5s Design and display. The design of the Mi 5s is similar to that of the Mi 5, with one key difference: Xiaomi switched out the glass back for a metal chassis. The glass back made the Mi 5 slippery to hold and use, but the brushed aluminum finish on the Mi 5s makes the phone that much more comfortable to grip, and it also gives the device an upmarket look. At a first glance, the Mi 5s certainly doesn't look like a mid-ranger.. The back curves smoothly inward to meet the sides of the phone, allowing the phone to nestle comfortably in your palm. The design tweak I like the most is the addition of 2.5D curved glass at the front, which allows the panel to merge seamlessly with the metal frame. That wasn't the case with the Mi 5, and it made using the phone uncomfortable as the panel dug into my palm often. Thankfully, that is no longer an issue with the Mi 5s. The metal frame also adds some much-needed weight to the Mi 5s, which now comes in at 145g, 16g more than the Mi 5.. Similar to the Mi 5, the navigation buttons on the Mi 5s are unmarked, allowing you to switch out the configuration of the buttons from the settings. The power and volume buttons are positioned on the right, and they offer a decent amount of feedback. There's a 3.5mm jack up top, and a USB-C port for charging at the bottom, which is flanked by the speaker on the left and the microphone on the right. The relatively compact form factor of the phone makes it easy to use one-handed, but if you're still having any difficulty, there's a one-handed mode that shrinks the screen size down to 3.5 or 4.0 inches.. Subtle design tweaks from the Mi 5 make the Mi 5s a much better phone to use.. The Mi 5s features a 5.15-inch Full HD panel with a pixel density of 428ppi. Xiaomi's penchant for offering great displays is intact, with the panel offering excellent color accuracy, brightness, and contrast levels. Viewing angles are great as well, and like the Mi 5, the Mi 5s sports one of the best LCD displays in this segment. If anything, the screen is brighter than the one on the Mi 5, and as such you won't have any difficulty viewing the text under harsh sunlight. That said, the panel doesn't feature Gorilla Glass or Asahi's Dragontrail protection, so you're going to need to pick up a screen protector if you're interested in buying the Mi 5s.. The Mi 5s comes with Qualcomm's Snapdragon Sense ID, which uses ultrasound technology to take a 3D map of your fingerprints. Regular fingerprint scanners take 2D images and retain them for authentication, but Qualcomm's implementation involves bouncing ultrasonic waves off a finger, resulting in a much more detailed representation of all the ridges, pores, and other unique characteristics of a fingerprint.. In addition to being more detailed, Sense ID also works when your fingers are moist or wet. As the sensor itself works off of ultrasound, it can be embedded underneath other surfaces, which in the case on the Mi 5s sees it located under the display's glass panel. The only drawback is its reliability, as there were several times when the sensor refused to authenticate.. The Mi 5s comes with the latest Snapdragon 821 SoC, offering CPU cores that can go up to 2.15GHz and an Adreno 530 GPU. The base model — which I'm reviewing — comes with 3GB of RAM and 64GB storage. As you'd expect from a phone featuring the latest hardware, the Mi 5s blazes through everyday tasks without ever lagging or slowing down. Xiaomi went with the slower 2.15GHz CPU cores to eke out the most out of the 3200mAh battery, opting to use the 2.35GHz variant in the Mi 5s Plus.. One of the differentiating features on Xiaomi phones is the IR blaster. The manufacturer includes them in all of its handsets, from the entry-level Redmi 3S Prime to the $650 Mi Note 2 , and for good reason. Xiaomi invested a lot of time in adding appliances from a whole host of vendors to the Mi Remote app, making it compatible with a wide variety of air conditioners, TVs, home audio products, and the like. That's why it was surprising to see that the Mi 5s does not have an IR port — the sensor itself doesn't cost a lot of money, and Xiaomi already put in the legwork of adding vendor support on the software side of things.. The Mi 5s runs without any hitches, as you'd imagine for a device powered by the Snapdragon 821.. Qualcomm is actively pushing its Aqstic audio codec, which makes its way onto the Mi 5s. The codec has a DAC that enables 192kHz/24-bit lossless audio playback. In a world where more and more manufacturers are eschewing the 3.5mm jack, it's great to see Xiaomi offering a high-quality DAC on the Mi 5s. That said, it remains to be seen if this year's Mi 6 will also offer similar audio capabilities via the 3.5mm port.. The Mi 5s also offers Wi-Fi ac, Bluetooth 4.2, NFC, GPS, and USB OTG. Rounding out the hardware features, the phone comes with eight LTE bands in total: 1/3/5/7 in the FDD-LTE category, and 38/39/40/41 in TD-LTE. If you're looking to import the Mi 5s, make sure your carrier uses one of the aforementioned LTE bands.. The Mi 5s runs MIUI 8 based on Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow , and interestingly, the higher-storage models of the phone come with a 3D Touch-esque feature. Sadly, it isn't available on the base model. MIUI 8 itself has matured well, and the features that made it stand out at launch are all present on the Mi 5s: Dual Apps, Second Space, scrolling screenshot, built-in video editor, Quick Ball, retooled notification shade, and an improved dialer. Xiaomi rolled out a global MIUI ROM for the Mi 5s last month, making it easier to access the Play Store and Google services.. As there isn't a whole lot that's different from the software side of things from the Mi 5 , I'm not going to focus a lot of attention on MIUI 8. The OS feels much more stable now, and there aren't as many glitches. That's mostly due to Xiaomi's constant bug fixes, with the manufacturer rolling out an update once every two weeks.. The camera on the Mi 5s is missing a key feature that got a lot of attention on the Mi 5: 4-axis OIS. Xiaomi switched out the camera from a 16MP unit to a 12MP sensor (Sony IMX378) in the Mi 5s, and the resulting change has led to a sensor with larger pixel size.. Incidentally, the Mi 5s has the same camera sensor as the Pixel , but it doesn't come with the post-processing optimizations. The increased pixels allows the camera to take excellent images in daylight conditions, but the lack of OIS hurts when shooting in low-light scenarios.. Photos taken in daylight highlight accurate colors and a lot of detail, and processing HDR doesn't take as long as it used to. The camera app is loaded with features, offering several shooting modes and filters with live previews. The 4MP UltraPixel front camera takes great selfies. Same goes for video recording, with the phone now able to shoot 4K video.. Xiaomi Mi 5s Battery life. The modest increase in battery capacity (200mAh) from the Mi 5 has led to a slight uptick in overall battery life on the Mi 5s. The phone lasts an entire day most of the time, but there were instance — particularly when using cellular data throughout the day — where the battery life wasn't adequate.. Thankfully, the Mi 5s supports Quick Charge 3.0, allowing you to quickly top up in the midlde of the day.. Xiaomi Mi 5s Bottom line. Should you buy it? Yes. The Mi 5s has a lot of things in its favor: the design is far better than the metal and glass exterior of the Mi 5, and the added weight from the metal chassis gives the device much-needed heft. The screen is of a higher quality, and the camera has been significantly improved.. That said, there are a few glaring omissions — no Gorilla Glass protection on the screen, and lack of OIS on the camera. Considering the price of the Mi 5s, it's easy to forgive the omissions, and when viewed overall, the phone offers incredible value for money.. As the Mi 5s has been in the market for a few months now, it has picked up a price cut that brings the cost of the phone down to under $300. As you can't buy it directly from Xiaomi, you'll have to rely on resellers. GearBest is selling it for $289 after entering code Mi5GSB. If you're in a market where LTE connectivity is available, the Mi 5s is a no-brainer for the cost.. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Announced in September 2016, the Xiaomi Mi 5s is an update to the Chinese company's Mi 5 flagship smaprtphone. The dual-SIM device comes with a 5.15" 1080p IPS LCD The Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chipset is comprising of a quad-core 2.15Ghz processor and Adreno 530 GPU. Models include either 3GB of RAM and 64GB internal storage or 4GB of RAM and 128GB internal storage. Other features include a microSD expansion slot, 12MP f/2.0 rear shooter, 4MP f/2.0 front selfie shooter, USB Type-C port, fingerprint sensor, and a 3200mAh battery with Quick Charge 3.0 functionality.. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Xiaomi Mi 5s Real Life Review. Xiaomi Mi 5s Questions & Answers. Xiaomi Mi 5s Guides, News, & Discussion. Xiaomi Mi 5s ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Xiaomi Mi 5s Themes, Apps, and Mods. Xiaomi Mi 5s Real Life Review Xiaomi Mi 5s Questions & Answers Xiaomi Mi 5s Guides, News, & Discussion Xiaomi Mi 5s ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Xiaomi Mi 5s Themes, Apps, and Mods Xiaomi Mi 5s Accessories. Most Active Xiaomi Mi 5s Topics. Xiaomi Mi 5s Real Life Review. More Xiaomi Mi 5s Real Life Review Threads. Xiaomi Mi 5s Questions & Answers. [Q] Recording screen with internal audio on OREO ROM. Copy & paste does not work properly in secondary user.. is it possible to fullscreen gestures on global stable stock?. More Xiaomi Mi 5s Questions & Answers Threads. Xiaomi Mi 5s Guides, News, & Discussion. OREO 8.1 ROMS - Best smoothness and battery life?. [Discussion] Xiaomi Mi 5S Battery Life Thread. MIUI 9 Global Nightly Stable ROM V9.2.1.0.NAGMIEK (Mi 5s). More Xiaomi Mi 5s Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. Xiaomi Mi 5s ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. [ROM][UNOFFICIAL] Atomic-OS 2.3 PLASMA [capricorn] [OREO]. [UNOFFICIAL][capricorn][8.1_r11] ResurrectionRemix OS v6.0.0 for MI 5s. More Xiaomi Mi 5s ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. Xiaomi Mi 5s Themes, Apps, and Mods. [CAMERA MOD(S)] Tadi's libhacks (Pixel's chromatix exposures, new camera resolutions). [BETA/TESTING] Xiaomi Essential Tool [NO ROOT]. More Xiaomi Mi 5s Themes, Apps, and Mods Threads. The best case/screen protector in my experience. More Xiaomi Mi 5s Accessories Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles Features. Xiaomi Mi 5: Features and Specifications Compared. Ketan Pratap , 28 September 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus were launched in China on Tuesday. Both phones will be available in China from Thursday. Mi 5 was launched earlier this year. Xiaomi at an event on Tuesday unveiled an upgraded variant of the Mi 5 flagship smartphone. The new Xiaomi Mi 5s and the bigger Mi 5s Plus spors an all-metal body and come powered with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor.. Xiaomi Mi 5s will be available in two variants starting at a price of CNY 1,999 (roughly Rs. 20,000), while the Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus, which will also come in two variants, will be available at a starting price of CNY 2,299 (roughly Rs. Both the Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus will go on sale in China beginning Thursday. Unfortunately, Xiaomi is yet to announce rollout details of the Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus for other markets including India.. ( Also see : Xiaomi Mi 5s vs. If you are thinking of buying the new Mi 5s but getting confused with the existing Mi 5, make sure to check the differences between the Mi 5s, Mi 5s Plus, and Mi 5 smartphones.. Display The all-new Xiaomi Mi 5s sports a 5.15-inch full-HD display with 600-nit brightness and 95 percent NTSC color gamut. The original Xiaomi Mi 5 also came with a similar display set-up and much like the new Mi 5s, used 16 LED lights. Both the Mi 5 and Mi 5s come with pixel densities of 428ppi. Notably, the 4GB RAM + 128GB storage variant of the Mi 5s sports a pressure sensitive display, though the company hasn't detailed what additional interface options this brings.. The Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus , on the other hand, features a bigger 5.7-inch full-HD display with 550-nit brightness and 94 percent NTSC color gamut. It comes with a pixel density of 386ppi.. Processor, memory, and storage Under the hood, the Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus are powered by the same Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor. Though, both differ based on clock speeds. The Mi 5s is clocked at 2.15GHz while the Mi 5s Plus is clocked at 2.35GHz. The original Mi 5 was powered by a Snapdragon 820 clocked at 1.8GHz.. Both the new Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus come in two variants. The Mi 5s comes in 3GB RAM with 64GB storage as well as 4GB RAM with 128GB storage models. The Mi 5s Plus comes in 4GB RAM with 64GB storage, and 6GB RAM and 128GB storage models.. To recall, the Mi 5 was launched in three variants in China featuring: 3GB of RAM with 32GB storage; 3GB of RAM with 64GB storage, and 4GB of RAM with 128GB storage. The Chinese company however unveiled just the basic 3GB of RAM with 32GB storage model in India earlier this year.. Fingerprint scanner The Xiaomi Mi 5s bears an ultrasonic fingerprint sensor on its home button. The sensor is placed under glass and it is claimed to not get damaged with use. Xiaomi has also claimed that it offers the same level of accuracy and speed as regular planar fingerprint sensor. The Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus on the other hand sports a fingerprint sensor on the rear panel.. The original Mi 5 came with a regular planar fingerprint scanner that was embedded on the home button.. Camera Xiaomi Mi 5s sports a 12-megapixel rear camera with Sony IMX378 CMOS sensor, f/2.0 aperture, and PDAF. It is capable of recording 4K videos apart from 1080p and 720p videos. It also sports 4-megapixel front camera, with large 2-micron pixels. Xiaomi touts that the Mi 5s comes with ultra-light-sensitive camera.. The Mi 5s Plus, on the other hand, sports dual-camera setup at the rear. One camera is meant to capture colour images, while the second captures back and white images, helping provide better colour accuracy and depth sensing. Both sensors are 13-megapixel, and the setup supports PDAF, HDR, raw image support, and dual-LED flash. It also sports a 4-megapixel front-facing camera. Much like the Mi 5s, the Mi 5s Plus also supports 4K, 1080p, and 720p videos.. The original Mi 5 came with 16-megapixel rear camera with OIS, f/2.0 aperture, and two-tone flash. It also came with a 4-megapixel front camera, again with large 2-micron pixels.. Battery In terms of battery, both the new Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus get a bump compared to the Mi 5. The new Mi 5s packs a 3200mAh battery while the Mi 5s Plus packs a large 3800mAh battery. To compare, the Mi 5 came with 3000mAh battery.. Much like the Mi 5, the Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus sport USB Type-C and come with Quick Charge 3.0 for fast charging.. Others The new Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus sport metal brushed body. The Mi 5s measures 145.6x70.3x8.2mm and weighs 145 grams. The original Mi 5 came with dimensions 144.5x69.2x7.2mm and was lighter at 129 grams. The Mi 5s Plus measures 154.6x77.7x7.9mm and weighs 168 grams. Both the Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus support 4G dual SIMs much like the Mi 5.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Xiaomi Mi 5: Features and Specifications Compared. Xiaomi Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus Announced: Price, Specifications, and More. More Xiaomi mobiles Xiaomi mobiles price in India. Xiaomi Mi 5: Features and Specifications Compared. Xiaomi Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus Announced: Price, Specifications, and More. More Xiaomi mobiles Xiaomi mobiles price in India. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Good design Decent camera quality Blazing fast performance Great battery life Good fingerprint sensor Excellent value-for-money Bad No expandable storage Higher storage variants not available at launch Some unusual UI customisations Flash sale model makes it hard to buy. Read detailed Xiaomi Mi 5 review. Xiaomi Mi 5: Features and Specifications Compared. Xiaomi Mi 5 'Extreme' With Beefed-Up Specifications Spotted. Xiaomi Mi 5 Price in India Cut by Rs. Xiaomi Mi 5, Redmi 3X Price Slashed in China. More Xiaomi mobiles Xiaomi mobiles price in India. Further reading: Mobiles , Xiaomi , Xiaomi Mi 5 , Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus Price , Xiaomi Mi 5s Price , Xiaomi Mobiles. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Uber Launches Global Assault on Food Delivery Market. LeEco Le Max 2 Gets a Temporary Price Cut to Rs. 17,999; Will Become Available on Amazon and Snapdeal. Xiaomi Mi 5: Features and Specifications Compared. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. Xiaomi Mi 5s debuts with metal rear and ultrasonic fingerprint sensor. Xiaomi's update to its flagship Mi 5 which debuted earlier this year gets a design tweak and upgraded hardware.. by September 28, 2016 5:21 AM PDT. Key features Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor 3GB or 4GB RAM, 64GB or 128GB onboard storage 12-megapixel rear camera, 4-megapixel front 3,200mAh battery USB Type-C port Retails in China only for now 1,999 yuan ($299, £230, Au$390) or 2,299 yuan ($344, £265, AU$448). The new Mi 5s drops the glass rear for brushed metal.. It's been less than a year since the Xiaomi Mi 5 was announced at MWC , but Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi is already updating its flagship. The Mi 5s drops the glass rear for a brushed metal back and switches the capacitive button fingerprint sensor to an ultrasonic one.. The change means Xiaomi can cut costs since it won't have to cut a hole in the screen's glass to allow the capacitive sensor to touch your skin. But there's still a slight indentation where the sensor is. The ultrasonic fingerprint sensor takes a 3D map of your fingerprint, and should recognise it even when your finger is wet.. Other changes include a bumped-up processor in the form of the Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor and 128GB of onboard storage.. Xiaomi has also buffed up the camera. While it's gone down from 16-megapixel to 12-megapixel, the Mi 5s is using a Sony IMX378 1 or 2.3-inch CMOS sensor with larger pixels at 1.55 microns, which Xiaomi says is equivalent to those found on compact cameras. I'm looking forward to seeing how the camera holds up when I get a review unit.. Personally though, I'm not too sure if I'm a fan of the design change. The glass rear of the original Mi 5 helps it to stand out against a sea of competitors that sport a metal rear, and the Mi 5 now will be hard pressed to stand out. Then again, having accidentally dropped my Mi 5 and shattered the glass rear, I can guess why Xiaomi wants to switch that out for a more durable material.. We will see how the phone holds up when we get a review unit, in the meantime, here's a quick rundown of the phone's specs.. The Mi 5s will come with a headphone jack, in case you're wondering.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. Xiaomi's Mi 5s hides a fingerprint reader under its glass. There's also a larger Mi 5s Plus with a dual-lens camera.. We were already big fans of Xiaomi's Mi 5 flagship smartphone, so it's only natural for the Chinese company to build on this model's success by bringing us the Mi 5s. It should be no surprise that this dual-SIM device -- which has ditched the glass body in favor of metal -- packs Qualcomm's latest and greatest Snapdragon 821 chipset (as featured on the ASUS ZenFone 3 Deluxe ), meaning it offers not only improved computational performance but also super speedy tri-band 4G carrier aggregation. As a bonus, it features up to 128GB of fast UFS 2.0 storage plus up to 4GB of LPDDR4 RAM, and NFC is still there on the back. But what really got our attention this time is the new under-glass ultrasonic fingerprint reader on the front.. At today's launch event, CEO Lei Jun spent a good amount of time explaining the merits and challenges of integrating ultrasonic fingerprint technology into his phones. Xiaomi had actually been exploring this option since October 2014 while planning for the Mi 5, in the hopes of avoiding the need to cut a hole on the glass for the fingerprint sensor. That way it'd be slightly cheaper to make, more aesthetically pleasing and more durable. Ultrasonic also tolerates dirty fingers better than its capacitive counterpart which would solve a big pain point. Just to be safe, Xiaomi actually prepared two prototypes for the Mi 5 back then: One with a hole on the glass for the conventional capacitive reader, and another without a hole courtesy of an earlier version of the ultrasonic sensor.. Of course, the Mi 5 eventually went with the capacitive button solution, as it wasn't until July this year when Xiaomi finally settled with Qualcomm's Sense ID ultrasonic fingerprint sensor. Hence its debut on the Mi 5s. Even though this ultrasonic solution works underneath glass, Xiaomi still carved out a little dent to help guide our fingers to the detection area -- which should come in handy if we want to unlock the phone just as we're pulling it out of our pockets.. Another highlight of the Mi 5s is its main camera. Much like the Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P and HTC 10, the Mi 5s takes the large-pixel approach by using Sony's 1/2.3-inch IMX378 CMOS, which offers a lower 12-megapixel still resolution but better sensitivity using large 1.55um pixel sites (these specs are in fact identical to those of the IMX 377 used by the three aforementioned smartphones). The camera also comes with an f/2.0 aperture, a dual-tone LED flash, phase detection auto-focus, auto HDR and video recording of up to 4K resolution at 30 fps. Xiaomi is quite proud of this new imager, so much that it has a gallery of sample photos for us to gaze upon. Flip to the other side of the phone and you get a 4-megapixel selfie camera with f/2.0 aperture, 80-degree wide-angle capture and real-time video beautification at up to 1080p.. Much like its predecessor, the Mi 5s is sticking with JDI's 5.15-inch 1080p display rather than pushing for the sharper 2K resolution, which is good news for the already larger 3,200 mAh battery. It's also just as bright as before at up to 600 nits and just as vibrant with the 95 percent NTSC gamut. What's new this time is that it's a force-sensitive touchscreen on the 128GB version, which is a first for Xiaomi, though the company didn't go into detail about how it'll be implemented in its MIUI OS' interface.. For those hoping to use the Mi 5s to control your TVs (and home appliances, for that matter), sorry, the old infrared blaster is gone, but there's no stopping you from casting content from your phone if yours is a connected TV.. For those who reside in China, you'll be able to pre-order on September 29th, with the base model (64GB storage with 3GB of RAM) asking for the usual 1,999 yuan (about $300) and the high-end version (128GB storage with 4GB of RAM) going for 2,299 yuan (about $345). It'll come in four colors: Dark grey or gold if you want the brushed metal finish (like on the cheaper Redmi Pro ), and silver or pink with the matte finish. There's also a 79 yuan (about $12) pixel cover case, but it's sadly a shameless rip-off of HTC's Dot View case .. At the same launch event, Xiaomi also unveiled the Mi 5s Plus which features the same Snapdragon 821 chipset but clocked faster (2.35GHz instead of 2.15GHz), a larger 5.7-inch screen from Sharp (but lacking force sensitivity), a bigger 3,800 mAh battery, a different metallic body design (no plastic antenna lines and the conventional fingerprint reader is on the back) and a 13-megapixel dual-lens camera. Similar to Huawei's implementation on its Leica-enhanced P9 and P9 Plus, the Mi 5s Plus uses a combination of an RGB sensor and a BW sensor -- both Sony IMX258 -- to produce more detailed and cleaner images, though each of the them can also be used independently as well, especially if you want to dabble with artistic black and white photos.. The Mi 5s Plus will be available for pre-order on the same day as the Mi 5s, with the 4GB RAM + 64GB storage version going for 2,299 yuan (about $345) and the 6GB RAM + 128GB storage model going for 2,599 yuan (about $390).. Xiaomi (Mi 5s) , (Mi 5s Plus). china , dualcamera , gear , imx378 , mi , mi5s , mi5splus , mobile , senseid , smartphone , snapdragon821 , xiaomi. 'Papers, Please' official short film recreates the game's bleak tone. Arztotzka has never been so glorious.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Xiaomi Mi 5s ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. [ROM][OFFICIAL][capricorn][8.1] LineageOS 15.1 by LuK1337. Xiaomi Mi 5s ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Xiaomi Mi 5s Real Life Review Xiaomi Mi 5s Questions & Answers Xiaomi Mi 5s Guides, News, & Discussion Xiaomi Mi 5s Themes, Apps, and Mods. 33 Released some r30 based. anything other … 28 < cool stuff >. You can … 23 (quote). rebinding & volume … 22 (quote) Already fixed but my server can't be faster~. 20 (quote) You should call ghostbusters instead. get your Mi … 16 (quote). afaict and I'm … 10 Next week los 15.1 will be. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. By LuK1337 , Recognized Developer on 3rd September 2017, 02:26 PM. LineageOS is a free, community built, aftermarket firmware distribution of Android 8.1 (Oreo), which is designed to increase performance and reliability over stock Android for your device. LineageOS is based on the Android Open Source Project with extra contributions from many people within the Android community. It can be used without any need to have any Google application installed. Linked below is a package that has come from another Android project that restore the Google parts. LineageOS does still include various hardware-specific code, which is also slowly being open-sourced anyway. All the source code for LineageOS is available in the LineageOS Github repo. And if you would like to contribute to LineageOS, please visit out Gerrit Code Review. You can also view the Changelog for a full list of changes & features. Camera ( Videos And Photos ). Audio ( Record and Playback ). Instructions : Download the latest build and gapps. Flash the latest build and gapps. Downloads : Builds : https://download.lineageos.org/capricorn. Reporting Bugs DO NOT Report bugs if you're running a custom kernel or you installed Xposed. Grab a logcat right after the problem has occurred. ( Please include at least a few pages of the log, not just the last few lines, unless you know what you're doing. If it is a random reboot, grab /sys/fs/pstore/console-ramoops and /sys/fs/pstore/dmesg-ramoops-0. (Do not bother getting a logcat unless you can get it just before the reboot. A logcat after a reboot is useless). If the problem disappears after running "setenforce 0" from a root shell, grab /data/misc/audit/audit.log. Remember to provide as much info as possible. The more info you provide, the more likely that the bug will be solved. Please also do not report known issues. Any bug not reported in the bug report format below may be ignored. [ROM][OFFICIAL][capricorn][8.1] LineageOS 15.1, ROM for the Xiaomi Mi 5s. ROM OS Version: 8.x Oreo. Provide any additional information (observations/frequency of problem/last version it worked on/etc) as needed:. The Following 112 Users Say Thank You to LuK1337 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. #Vangreen (15th November 2017) , 984372598 (16th December 2017) , alediniz (3rd September 2017) , alf801 (23rd December 2017) , alson041 (20th January 2018) , AndroTill (4th December 2017) , atakanadil (Today) , ayzin (13th October 2017) , B!GBOY (23rd December 2017) , back37 (2nd November 2017) , BajinganTengik (3rd September 2017) , bayron_olaff (4th January 2018) , bedson87 (3rd September 2017) , Biondyogi (1st November 2017) , bite_your_idols (1st November 2017) , blaspheme000 (3rd September 2017) , brigio345 (3rd September 2017) , bukanteza (Today) , Ceptoz (13th January 2018) , chuxianzi (9th January 2018) , daniyal62 (26th January 2018) , danmar90 (3rd September 2017) , Dark Stranger (28th January 2018) , david_korku (3rd September 2017) , deilativ (14th February 2018) , derMerowinger (10th January 2018) , dgrasley (11th November 2017) , diaboo22 (6th November 2017) , dick_vigarista (7th February 2018) , djixon (1st November 2017) , EHSAN™ (5th February 2018) , elRaw (21st February 2018) , Emre1475 (26th December 2017) , fim5646 (26th September 2017) , gaoyihui (Today) , gerson100 (4th January 2018) , golfinry (4th September 2017) , goryan (8th September 2017) , gregsoir (22nd October 2017) , h700b (Yesterday) , hafatih27 (11th September 2017) , HughZadora (4th September 2017) , iamnotstanley (3rd September 2017) , ippatt (3rd September 2017) , jigs4wkiller (3rd September 2017) , Jollld (11th January 2018) , kaico0 (4th October 2017) , kecodoc (10th October 2017) , kurt1967 (27th November 2017) , LazyElijah (5th September 2017) , LeandroFarias (4th September 2017) , leandrogeek (7th October 2017) , leeyanqiang (4th September 2017) , Linus X. (12th September 2017) , locprohp (7th September 2017) , Lord_Snake (28th December 2017) , mandibud (15th November 2017) , Marcos Wiggy (8th September 2017) , mattchoi98 (15th November 2017) , metorm (2nd October 2017) , mfaizhasan (10th September 2017) , Micro_J (22nd February 2018) , Miftahzy98 (9th September 2017) , mo976 (3rd September 2017) , Modest Mind (5th September 2017) , momomobinx (13th January 2018) , monster.kancut (4th September 2017) , Mr.Nice.ba (2nd November 2017) , Djeloan (3rd November 2017) , nastasedan01 (5th February 2018) , Nerom (4th September 2017) , newmannnn (8th October 2017) , NightRaven49 (3rd September 2017) , nnmka (3rd September 2017) , NotCat (2nd November 2017) , otreblasusej (26th December 2017) , pedrinho_ (13th January 2018) , pedromanzana (4th November 2017) , pee-wee (5th September 2017) , Plabon7 (5th September 2017) , pr0x2 (3rd September 2017) , pr@x (2nd November 2017) , Pvcabr (3rd September 2017) , pvz gw2 (27th September 2017) , Pyntux (4th September 2017) , qaz7 (6th September 2017) , Rayquaza (12th November 2017) , rhp_engcoy (3rd September 2017) , rhyme4u12 (3rd September 2017) , sachin n (4th September 2017) , sandmansaber (13th September 2017) , grayk79 (3rd September 2017) , shack-32 (3rd September 2017) , simplicio11 (3rd September 2017) , superlativo (20th January 2018) , Talonette (26th January 2018) , thunder888 (Yesterday) , Thunderclaw (9th November 2017) , Tomi_Ohl (3rd September 2017) , TronFlynss (23rd December 2017) , tyfta (10th November 2017) , uly166 (1st November 2017) , Valeriuz (3rd September 2017) , velix2 (Yesterday) , wa1ksun (10th September 2017) , warface9991 (3rd September 2017) , WikingFree (19th November 2017) , xmlwux64 (1st December 2017) , xxal (15th December 2017) , yodanutz01 (19th January 2018) , zipoman (Today) , ZZX2402883295 (15th December 2017). [Results are in] Honor Let the XDA Community Decide Which Intelligent Scenes Will be Added to their AI Camera >. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 Now Officially Receiving the Android Oreo Update >. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 receive AOSP Android Oreo ROMs thanks to Project Treble >. Join Date: Joined: Jan 2013. My Devices: Moto G (2014) , Moto G 2014 LTE , Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 , Asus Zenfone 2 Laser , Xiaomi Mi 5s , Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus. Obviously not a lot has been ported to Lineage so please don't report issues like: "broken buttons backlight". That will be ported over soon (TM). Also you need custom TWRP build to install these packages, you can find link in the OP. BTW: You might have to force reboot after the gapps installation is complete as the unofficial installer is bit buggy ( you can do that by holding power, vol down ). Also it doesn't support addon.d so it doesn't persist when updating to next builds.. The Following 20 Users Say Thank You to LuK1337 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. AndroTill (4th December 2017) , B!GBOY (23rd December 2017) , BajinganTengik (3rd September 2017) , Ceptoz (13th January 2018) , Devil Bishal (15th September 2017) , goryan (8th September 2017) , iamnotstanley (3rd September 2017) , ippatt (3rd September 2017) , kaico0 (4th November 2017) , kurt1967 (27th November 2017) , LeandroFarias (4th September 2017) , Modest Mind (18th September 2017) , NightRaven49 (3rd September 2017) , nnmka (22nd October 2017) , NotCat (2nd November 2017) , rhyme4u12 (3rd September 2017) , Riegusto (26th October 2017) , sandmansaber (13th September 2017) , simplicio11 (3rd September 2017) , xmlwux64 (26th January 2018). Join Date: Joined: Mar 2016. My Devices: Samsung Galaxy S 4 Mini , Xiaomi Mi 5s. @ LuK1337 is the link to the recovery the right one because there stands it is for the for the Samsung tab S2. The Following User Says Thank You to jigs4wkiller For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Jan 2013. My Devices: Moto G (2014) , Moto G 2014 LTE , Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 , Asus Zenfone 2 Laser , Xiaomi Mi 5s , Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus. @ LuK1337 is the link to the recovery the right one because there stands it is for the for the. The Following 2 Users Say Thank You to LuK1337 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. jigs4wkiller (3rd September 2017) , Modest Mind (18th September 2017). Join Date: Joined: Mar 2016. My Devices: Samsung Galaxy S 4 Mini , Xiaomi Mi 5s. The link for the gapps is the same as the linke for the recovery. The Following User Says Thank You to jigs4wkiller For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Jan 2013. My Devices: Moto G (2014) , Moto G 2014 LTE , Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 , Asus Zenfone 2 Laser , Xiaomi Mi 5s , Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus. The link for the gapps is the same as the linke for the recovery. The Following 2 Users Say Thank You to LuK1337 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. jigs4wkiller (3rd September 2017) , shack-32 (3rd September 2017). Join Date: Joined: May 2017. Join Date: Joined: Jan 2011. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2016. My Devices: Xiaomi Mi 6. Join Date: Joined: Jul 2012. flashed with your instructions, after boot it needed password to start android. Join Date: Joined: Sep 2017. thank your effort.it is so smooth that i cant believe it is capricorn.and the sound has problem in my device.the sound is husky.sorry for my bad english.. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Xiaomi Mi 5s ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development by ThreadRank. [ROM] [ 8.0.0 ] Official madOS - Oukitel K6000 Plus [MT6750]. [ROM] MIUI 9 beta ROM 7.8.14 for all Xiaomi devices [Download links). Xiaomi Mi 5s ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Xiaomi Mi 5s ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. [ROM] [UNOFFICIAL] [7.1.2] Resurrection Remix N 5.8.5 (01-16). Xiaomi Mi 5s ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Xiaomi Mi 5s ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Xiaomi Mi 5s ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. [ROM][OFFICIAL][capricorn][8.1] LineageOS 15.1 by LuK1337. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Press alt + / to open this menu. See more of Xiaomi Mi 5S on Facebook. See more of Xiaomi Mi 5S on Facebook. Contact Xiaomi Mi 5S on Messenger. English (UK) · 中文(简体) · Bahasa Indonesia · Español · Português (Brasil). Privacy · Terms · Advertising · AdChoices · Cookies ·. · 31 January at 22:07 ·. MIUI 9.2 released for 4-year-old Xiaomi Devices Isn't it cool?. Xiaomi Redmi 1S, Redmi Note/Prime receiving MIUI 9.2 Global Stable Update. Read Something New - Read Something Techy (TechSpot). · 30 September 2017 ·. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Images rendered! https://youtu.be/RTU0BK33lHY. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Specifications | Leaked Images Rendered | Releasing Soon?. Today we got some Render Images for Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 according to the specs of the smartphone from 91mobiles. Do Like - Share - Subscribe Music provided b.... Introducing Xiaomi Mi 5s: UltraPixel camera, ultrasonic fingerprint scanner. · 26 July 2017 ·. MIUI 9 Officially coming tomorrow for only two devices right now - Check them out right now at - http://www.srsexclusives.com/…/miui-9-officially-brings-new…. MIUI 9 Officially brings new UI with Split-Screen & Multitasking capability. Read Something New - Read Something Techy (TechSpot). Xiaomi Mi 5S shared SRS Exclusives 's post .. · 17 July 2017 ·. Xiaomi Mi5X Pricing & Specs leaks suggest it to be a mid-range smartphone?. Xiaomi Mi5X Pricing & Specifications leaked - Suggests to be a mid-range smartphone?. Read Something New - Read Something Techy (TechSpot). · 8 July 2017 ·. Xiaomi Android Nougat Eligible Smartphones First Look Do Share & Subscribe the Video.. Xiaomi Android Nougat 7.1 Eligible Smartphones. Xiaomi recently released a list of Eligible smartphones that are going to receive Android Nougat Update in future. Here we just made a list of those Xiaomi s.... · 7 July 2017 ·. List of Xiaomi Phones receiving Android Nougat 7.1 & Android O Updates. List of Xiaomi Phones receiving Android Nougat 7.1 & Android O Updates. Read Something New - Read Something Techy (TechSpot). · 13 June 2017 ·. Xiaomi Mi 5S Buy Now Worldwide. Xiaomi Mi 5s Mi5s Plus 5.7 inch Dual Camera 4GB RAM 64GB ROM Snapdragon 821 Quad Core 4G Smartphone. Only US$319.99, buy best Xiaomi Mi 5s Mi5s Plus 5.7 inch Dual Camera 4GB RAM 64GB ROM Snapdragon 821 Quad Core 4G Smartphone sale online store at wholesale price.US/EU warehouse.. · 27 April 2017 ·. Pair this Xiaomi English Version Amazefit Smartwatch with your Mi Device Buy Now : https://goo.gl/HbYbZr Now or Never!. AMAZFIT Xiaomi IP67 Waterproof Zirconia Ceramics Bluetooth GPS Heart Rate Monitor Watch(English Version). Best AMAZFIT Xiaomi IP67 Waterproof Zirconia Ceramics Bluetooth GPS Heart Rate Monitor Watch(English Version) sale online store at wholesale price.US/EU warehouse.. · 24 April 2017 ·. # MIUI fans, from Mi 1 to Mi 6, which generation of Mi phone is your favorite? See more: http://srsexclusives.com/…/xiaomi-6-generations-mi-flagship…. Xiaomi 6 Generations Mi Flagship Smartphones from Mi 1 to Mi 6. Read Something New - Read Something Techy (TechSpot). · 19 April 2017 ·. Xiaomi Mi 6 finally launched in China with Snapdragon 835. Xiaomi Mi 6 launched in China with SD 835 & without any Headphone Jack. Read Something New - Read Something Techy (TechSpot). · 24 March 2017 ·. Mi fans! Isn't this one nostalgic game? It's finally available on Android. Go ahead and play right away http://tz.ucweb.com/3_1aYaa. · 2 March 2017 ·. Mobile World Congress Products The Newest Innovation & Tech Sale with Word-Wide Shipping https://goo.gl/JuPqBW. Mobile World Congress -- Banggood !. · 7 February 2017 ·. List of Xiaomi Phones Getting Android Nougat 7.1 Update (MIUI 9): Is yours Eligible?. List of Xiaomi Phones Getting Android Nougat 7.1 Update (MIUI 9): Is yours Eligible?. There are a lot of people who are curious about this that whether they will get the latest update in their Xiaomi devices or not? Or they will get Android Nougat or not? Or they will get MIUI 9 update or not. So today we are showing you the list for. Xiaomi Mi 5S updated their profile picture.. · 5 February 2017 ·. · 3 January 2017 ·. Do you type or swipe? Tell Mi in the comments!. Xiaomi Mi 5S shared MIUI 9 ROM 's post .. · 28 December 2016 ·. # MIUI 8 Global Stable ROM V8.0.3.0.MAGMIDI for Mi 5s has been released for public! Download here: http://en.miui.com/thread-454687-1-1.html. MIUI Global Stable ROM V8.0.3.0.MAGMIDI for Mi 5s Released! Download It Here! - Xiaomi Mi 5s - Xiaomi MIUI Official Forum. MIUI Global Stable ROM V8.0.3.0.MAGMIDI for Mi 5s Released! Download It Here! ,Xiaomi MIUI Official Forum. 
Press alt + / to open this menu. See more of Xiaomi Mi 5S on Facebook. See more of Xiaomi Mi 5S on Facebook. English (UK) · 中文(简体) · Bahasa Indonesia · Español · Português (Brasil). Privacy · Terms · Advertising · AdChoices · Cookies ·. Xiaomi Mi 5S shared Xiaomi Mi6 's product .. · 31 May 2017 ·. Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Smartphone 4GB+64GB. Xiaomi Mi 5S shared Xiaomi Mi6 's product .. · 31 May 2017 ·. Xiaomi Mi 6 Smartphone 6GB+128GB - Black. · 25 May 2017 ·. Buy Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Smartphone 4GB+64GB at : https://www.vopmart.com/xiaomi-mi-max2-smartphone-4gb-64gb.…. · 5 April 2017 ·. Xiaomi Mi Wireless Mouse 2 Buy it at : https://www.vopmart.com/xiaomi-mi-wireless-mouse.html. · 5 April 2017 ·. Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 4GB+64GB Gold buy it at : https://www.vopmart.com/xiaomi-mi-pad-3-tablet-pc.html. · 22 February 2017 ·. Buy Xiaomi Tripod Selfie Stick at: https://goo.gl/PRn15x. · 24 December 2016 ·. Buy Xiaomi Mi Car Air Purifier at : https://goo.gl/d7aF6Z. · 9 November 2016 ·. Vopmart.com Coupon Code: Total Buy100-249USD Use Code: BUY1111 249-499USD Use Code: HAPPYBUY1111 500USD Use Code: HAPPY1111. · 18 October 2016 ·. Buy Xiaomi Mi Power Bank 2 10000mAH. · 28 September 2016 ·. Xiaomi stirred up quite a bit of excitement with the announcement of the Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus pair. The Chinese giant appears to have taken a cue or two from Apple in terms of marketing as well, as it has opted to start sales ASAP. Both phones are said to hit shelves tomorrow. But in the meantime, to keep the hype levels high, Xiaomi has shared its preliminary registration numbers.. These have surpassed the 3 million mark, which is quite impressive indeed as a rough gauge for the devices popularity. However, it is important to note that the registrations in question are not pre-orders, but rather simply people who have given their e-mail to show interest in the Mi 5s or its bigger sibling. The form has been live on Xiaomi's website for a few days now and had already ramped-up around 1.8 million entries prior to yesterday's launch.. · 27 September 2016 ·. Highlights of Mi 5s: - 5.15” ultra bright, energy-saving display display - Maximum 600-nit brightness, 95% NTSC color gamut uses 16 - LED lights - 4G+ Internet - 3200 mAh battery ... - Sony IMX378 1/2.3" CMOS sensor - Ultra light-sensitive camera - Snapdragon 821 Processor, Quick Charge 3.0 - Ultrasonic fingerprint scanner - Full Feature NFC - LPDDR 4, UFS 2.0 - USB type C. Xiaomi Mi 5S added 2 new photos .. · 27 September 2016 ·. Vopmart.com ​ just revealed our Xiaomi Mi 5S​ device which comes with two variants. Both are fueled by powerful Qualcomm's Snapdragon 821 SoC. There's slight difference in the design between both models. The main feature of Mi 5s smartphone is the beautiful glass/ceramic design comes with super cool ultrasonic fingerprint scanner while Mi 5s Plus sports with 13MP dual rear camera and a back fingerprint scanner. How to choose the model that suits you the most? We put both Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus side by side for comparison. Lets look at the hands on photos and decide. Note: Mi 5S (White color), Mi 5s Plus (Grey color). Xiaomi Mi 5S updated their profile picture.. · 27 September 2016 ·. Xiaomi Mi 5S updated their cover photo.. · 27 September 2016 ·. · 25 September 2016 ·. Xiaomi hired a profesional photography team to travel around the world and have taken some amazing photos with Mi 5s. They're truly impressed with the performance of Mi 5s camera. The camera resolves a great deal of detail, and the noise levels are kept reasonably low. Here are the amazing sample photos taken by our Mi 5s, feel free to download and you can even make them as your wallpaper. · 25 September 2016 ·. Xiaomi New Product Launch Event will be held on 27th September in China National Convention Center, Beijing. Can't be there to attend the launch event? Don't worry, we will post a live thread on our forum bringing you the latest announcement, news and information you need to know. Stay tuned with us to obtain first-hand news. In the meantime, let me present to you the teaser for this launch event.. · 23 September 2016 ·. Next Tuesday, on September 27, Xiaomi is set to unveil its latest flagship smartphone, the Mi 5S. This has been in the news a lot lately, as you'd expect, and earlier today we got official confirmation that it will sport a dual rear camera arrangement. So about that - wondering what a picture shot with the Mi 5S' camera would look like? Great, because as luck would have it, Xiaomi CEO Lei Jun outed the first ever camera sample for the Mi 5S on his Weibo account today. that image (click on the thumbnail for a bigger version).. The Mi 5S will have some top of the line features, including being powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 821 chipset and having an ultrasonic fingerprint scanner and a pressure-sensitive display. All of these things might make you think it will be incredibly expensive, but this is Xiaomi we're talking about.. And according to a couple of allegedly leaked slides, the Chinese company will continue to be the 'value for money' champion we've known so far. The 5S will reportedly retail for CNY 1,999, meaning about $299 or €267 at the current exchange rates. For this amount of cash you'll get the SD821 chip, 6GB of RAM, and 64GB of storage.. Another model called Mi 5S Plus will be priced at CNY 2,999 ($449, €401), and this will sport a 5.7-inch QHD display, 6GB of RAM, and 256GB of storage, while retaining the SD821 SoC of course. Since the Mi 5 uses a 5.15" screen, we assume that might be the size of the Mi 5S' display too, perhaps with the same 1080p resolution. Anyway, all of the details will be revealed in just a few days.. 
Ship to United States / USD. Contact Customer Service for order status and other after-sales issues. chat with Online Sales for more information before your purchase!. If you already made a purchase. If you are considering a purchase. Xiaomi Mi 5S 5.15inch FHD MIUI 8 Android 6.0 4G LTE Smartphone Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 Quad Core 4GB 128GB 12.0MP Ultrasonic Touch-ID NFC Type-C - Gold. View Cart or Continue Shopping>>. US$ 365.99 + =. The item has been added to your wish list.. Shipping Cost: Free Shipping to United States via UPS Expedited. Original Xiaomi Mi USB-C Charging Cable Male Type-C Male USB Cable Mobile Phone Cable for Google Nexus 6P Nexus 5X Xiaomi Mi4c OnePlus Two Lenovo Zuk Z1 Meizu Pro 5 Xiaomi Mi5 - Black. 6 in 1 Mobile Phone Accessories gift for All Mobile Device. Original Xiaomi Two Port Car Charger Full Metal 5V 3.6A Dual USB Car Charger Fast Charge With LED Light - Silvery Gray. Original price : US$ 386.36. Wireless connectiveity:GSM, 3G, 4G, GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth. Camera type:Dual cameras (one front one back). English, Bahasa Indonesia, Bahasa Melayu, Cestina, Dansk, Deutsch, Espanol, Filipino, French, Hrvatski, Italiano, Latviesu, Lietuviu, Magyar, Nederlands, Norsk, Polish, Portuguese, Romana, Slovencina, Suomi, Svenska, Tieng viet, Turkish, Greek, Bulgarian, Russian, Ukrainian, Hebrew, Arabic, Thai, Khmer, Korean, Simplified/Traditional Chinese. Gyroscopes, Acceleration sensors, Distance sensors, Ambient light sensors, Hall sensors, Electronic compass, Barometer. 4G, WIFI, GPS, Bluetooth,Gesture Sensing,Smart Wake, Ebook, Email,Messaging, wallpapers, calendar, calculator,clock, camera, Google Play Store, tethering & portable hotspot, Touch ID, NFC, fast charge,Type-C,. 1 × Power adapter (A right AC Adapter will be sent as your shipping country). This phone will only work with 2G:GSM 850 /900 /1800/ 1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850 /900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE 850/900/1800/ 2100/2600MHz. It is Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. This phone will only work with 2G:GSM 850 /900 /1800/ 1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850 /900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE 850/900/1800/ 2100/2600MHz. It is Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. Xiaomi launched a new Xiaomi Mi 5s which is the upgrade version of Xiaomi Mi 5. It comes with breakthrough technology of photograph "Eye of darkness". Xiaomi Mi 5s used the first non-porous ultrasonic fingerprint identification, NFC,faster 4G + network and up to 600nit high-brightness pressure sensitive screen. Breakthrough technology is changing the phone experience more and more.. The Xiaomi Mi 5s features a 5.15-inch screen with a FHD resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels.. On the front, Using 16 high-light color rendering technology, the brightness of the screen enhance 30%. It's clear even if the sun. 94% NTSC gamut saturation enhance 30% than ordinary sRGB phone screen. What's more,Xiaomi Mi 5s 128GB version comes with pressure-sensitive screen technology.. There is a 3.5mm headphone jack on the top and a standard Type-C port at the bottom. The first "non-porous" ultrasonic fingerprint identification technology placed the ultrasonic recognition under the 2.5D glass panel. Seamless transition of the screen surface gives better hand feeling.. On the back, The Xiaomi Mi 5s' unibody design means the battery is not removable. Xiaomi Mi 5s has high-light wire drawing and matte process of full-metal unibody. A texture phone with elegant front and back. Silver, rose gold color is matte process with delicate and elegant metal. Dark gray, gold color is high-light wire drawing process which gives the real texture of metal .The two processes have their own style,you can choose the one you like.. The Xiaomi Mi 5s features a 5.15-inch FHD (1920×1080 pixels) display and packs an quad core Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor, with 2.15GHz frequency. The handset includes 3GB/4GB RAM, Adreno 530 624MHz GPU, as well as UFS 2.0 64/128GB of inbuilt storage. Xiaomi Mi 5s packs a 3100/3200mAh non-removable battery. Xiaomi Mi 5s supports Quick Charge 3.0.. On the camera , Xiaomi Mi 5s sports 12.0MP rear camera with LED flash, f/ 2.0 aperture, PDAF auto focus, and also supports 4K video recording. It used Sony's largest cell phone camera sensor IMX378 so far, 1 / 2.3 inch large sensor, makes each big pixel full of rich color information. 1.55 μm large-pixel is able to store more rich details and colors.. There is a 4-megapixel front-facing camera which supports selfie beauty. 2 μm large pixel of Xiaomi Mi 5s front camera is almost double size of ordinary front-facing camera.. The dual-SIM Xiaomi Mi 5s comes with dual Nano SIM card dual standby.. The Xiaomi Mi 5s runs on MIUI 8, which utilizes an Android 6.0 Marshmallow. If you love to explore new things, you will love the innovation of MIUI 8 system. It is designed from everyone's life.Full-function NFC makes your phone into your bus card and bank card. Privacy dual systems will store important information separately. So that you will have convenient life and enjoy the fun of breakthrough at the same time.. Now we have the Xiaomi Xiaomi Mi 5s and Mi 5s plus for sale, it is pre-installed multi-language and Google play store, support Google service. Welcome to buy Xiaomi smartphone at Geekbuying.. 5.15 inch 1920*1080 Pixel FHD screen,428PPI. CPU:Qualcomm Snapdragon 821, quad core, 2.15GHz, 64bit,GPU Adreno 530 624MHz. MIUI 8 (Base on Android 6.0 OS) , 4GB LPDDR4 1866MHz + 128GB ROM UFS 2.0. Dual Nano SIM card dual standby(Both SIM slots are compatible with 4G, respectively. When they work at the same time, only one of them can receive LTE service and the other WCDMA ). Dual cameras, front camera 4.0MP; back camera Sony IMX 378 12.0MP 6P lens F2.0 with flashlight and auto focus. Support FDD LTE/4G+/3G/GPS/dual band Wifi/Bluetooth/Miracast/OTG/NFC/Type-C/ultrasonic fingerprint ID. Operating System:MIUI 8 (Base on Android 6.0 OS). CPU:Qualcomm Snapdragon 821, quad core, 2.15GHz. Screen resolution:FHD (1920×1080 pixels) screen display,. Qualcomm second-generation ISP dark light enhancement technology. The second generation of 36 intelligent beauty, self-timer real-time beauty. A single pixel up to 2 microns, f 2.0 aperture, 80 ° wide angle. SIM card slot:Dual Nano SIM card dual standby. Upload your photo to win 2 - 4 GeekPoints Customer Photos. Be the first to Upload A Photo of this product!. Upload your video to win 2 - 8 GeekPoints Customer Videos. Be the first to Upload A Video of this product!. Be the first to Write A. Text Review of this product!. 0% Good Reputation Rate. XIAOMI MI 5S QUALCOMM SNAPDRAGON 821 MIUI 8 ANDROID 6.0 SMARTPHONE FIRMWARE 212277 161105. Soft Case Back Cover Ultra-thin Transparent Protective Phone Shell For Xiaomi Mi 5S. VOYO I7 Notebook 15.6 Inch Intel Core i7-6500U 2.50 GHz WIFI 8GB DDR3L RAM 1TB HHD ROM Bluetooth 4.0 - Silver. 4% Site-Wide OFF Subscribe to get exclusive offers and more savings!. Xiaomi Mi 5S 5.15inch FHD MIUI 8 Android 6.0 4G LTE Smartphone Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 Quad Core 4GB 128GB 12.0MP Ultrasonic Touch-ID NFC Type-C - Gold. English | Español | Français | Deutsch | Italiano | Português | Nederlands | Polski | Русский | Türkçe | ελληνικά | Magyar | لعربية | עברית | ไทย | 日本語. Note: GeekBuying reserves the right to change prices at any time without notice. Stock information may become invalid because of new orders and supply change.. Shipping Company Estimated Delivery Time Shipping Cost. *Please note: This is an estimated shipping fee, the actual shipping fee will be shown on the order page.. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for xiaomi mi5s. All Listings - Current page. Save xiaomi mi5s to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow xiaomi mi5s to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Xiaomi MI 5s - 64GB - gray (Unlocked) Smartphone. 1 new & refurbished from $300.00. Xiaomi Mi 5S Mi5S MIUI 8 Snapdragon 821 Quad Core 5.15" Unlocked 4G Smartphone. Original Xiaomi Mi 5S Mi5S Smartphone MIUI 8 Snapdragon 821 4G GPS Touch ID NFC. For Xiaomi Mi 5S M5S Plus 5.7" Angry Eyes Card Slot Wallet Stand Flip Case Cover. Xiaomi Mi 5S Mi5S MIUI 8 Snapdragon 821 Quad Core 5.15" Unlocked 4G Smartphone. For Xiaomi Mi 5 5S Plus New Shockproof Silicone Case Soft Bumper TPU Cover Shell. For Xiaomi Mi A1 5X 5 5S 5C 6 Redmi 4A 4X Sandstone Slim Hard Back Cover Case. For Xiaomi Mi6 5 5S + 360° Protection Shockproof Matte Hard Back Case Slim Cover. For Xiaomi Mi 5 6 5S Plus Shockproof Silicone Case Soft Bumper TPU Cover Shell. Original 5.7" Xiaomi Mi5s Plus Mi 5S Plus Smartphone Snapdragon 821 6GB 128GB. 3 new & refurbished from $415.99. Nillkin Super Frosted Shield Matte Hard Back Case Cover For XiaoMi Mi 5 5S Plus. For Xiaomi Mi A1 5X Luxury Shockproof Ultra Slim PC Heat Dissipation Case Cover. NILLKIN Matte Bumper Nature TPU Soft Silicone Cover Case For XiaoMi Mi 5 5S Plus. 360° Full Hybrid Tempered Glass+Hard Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi Note series. For Xiaomi Mi 5S M5S Plus 5.7 Retro PU Leather Cover Case Flip Stand Card Wallet. ShockProof Slim Matte Soft TPU Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 3s 4 4A Pro/ 4 Mi5 5s. Pretty Dynamic Glitter Quicksand Liquid Case For Xiaomi Mi 5X Mi5S Max Max2 Case. Ultra Thin Silicone Frosted TPU Back Cover Case For Xiaomi Mi A1 5X Mix Max 2. For Xiaomi Mi5C Mi5S Redmi 5A Heat Dissipation Phone Cover Case Shell Protector. For Xiaomi Mi A1 5X 5S 6 Plus Max 2 Business Slim Leather Case Flip Wallet Cover. 360° Full Protector Case Cover+Tempered Glass for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 4 5s Mi5s. Phone Cases For Xiaomi Redmi 4X Note 4 4X Pro Mi5s Mi6 Case Full Cover Housing. Flip PU Leather Soft Gel Wallet Card Case Stand Cover For Xiaomi Mi 5s M5s. Phone Cases For Xiaomi Redmi 4X Note 4 4X Pro Mi5s Mi6 Case Full Cover Housing. Imak Slim Thin PC Transparent Crystal Hard Case Cover for Xiaomi mi 5s / 5s plus. For Xiaomi Mi A1 5X 5S Plus 360° Shockproof Electroplate Bumper Hard Case Cover. For Xiaomi mi6 mi5S mi4s Redmi 5A 4A Note4 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector. For Xiaomi Redmi 4X 5A 5 Plus Note 4 360° Full Cover Shockproof Hybrid Back Case. 360° Shockproof Transparent Silicone Soft TPU Case Cover Skin For Xiaomi & Redmi. 360° Shockproof Slim Soft Rubber Silicone TPU Case Cover For XiaoMi Mi 5 5S Plus. Nillkin Matte Frosted Shield Shell Back Cover + Protector For Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus. Carbon Fiber Slim Back TPU Silicone Cover Case For Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus Max 2. For Xiaomi Mi 5S Luxury Dot Smart Sleep Case Window View PU +PC Flip Cover Shell. For Xiaomi Phones Ultra Thin Slim Silicone Soft Rubber TPU Back Case Skin Cover. For Xiaomi Mi 5 5S Luxury TPU Silicon Ultra Thin Frosted Back Cover Case 0.6mm. For Xiaomi Mi A1/5X/5/5S/Not e 4/4X Soft Silicone Painting Painted TPU Cover Case. Heavy Hybrid Armor Stand Shockproof Protective Cover Case For Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus. Noziroh Cover Case + Tempered Glass For Xiaomi Mi5s Mi 5s Funda Coque Silicone. For Xiaomi Mi 5X A1 Redmi Note 4/5A Magnetic Flip Leather Wallet Card Case Cover. For Xiaomi Mi 5S Luxury Dot Smart Sleep Case Window View PU +PC Flip Cover Shell. Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Case Cover For Xiaomi 6 A1 5X Redmi Note 3 4X 5A. Slim Original Leather Flip Case Skin Cover For Xiaomi A1 Mix Max 2/Note 3 4X 5A. Newest Ultrathin Painted Slim Soft TPU Silicone Shockproof Case Cover For Xiaomi. Rugged Hybrid Armor Shockproof Hard Stand Case Cover For Xiaomi Mi 5S / 5S Plus. Shockproof Ultrathin Sandstone Matte Hard Back Cover Case For Xiaomi Mi 6 5C 5X. 5x NEW Tempered Glass Cover Screen Protector Film For XiaoMi Redmi Note 4 4X 5A. For Xiaomi Mi 6 A1 Max Mix 2 Sandstone Skin Shockproof Slim Hard Blck Case Cover. For Xiaomi Mi 5 Shockproof Case Hard PC Ultra Slim Frosted Back Cover Removable. For Xiaomi Mi A1 Mix 2 Transparent Soft Silicone TPU Shockproof Case Cover Skin. Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Case Cover For Xiaomi 6 A1 5X Redmi Note 3 4X 5A. For Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 MAX Mi A1 360° Full Protector Case Cover+Tempered Glass. For Xiaomi mi6 mi5S mi4s Redmi 5A 4A Note4 Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector. 2X 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector Cover For XiaoMi Redmi A1 4X Note 4 4X 5A. SLIM FIT THIN HARD CASE FOR XIAOMI REDMI 4A 4X 4S MI 6 NOTE 3 4 MI5C 5S MI6 PLUS. 360° Full Cover Hybrid Case + Tempered Glass For Xiaomi A1 6 Redmi Note 4 4X 5A. Phone Protector Cases For Xiaomi Redmi 4X Note 4 4X Pro Mi5s Mi6 Full Cover Case. For Xiaomi Mi A1/5X Luxury Ultra-thin Soft Protection Shockproof Case Skin Cover. For Xiaomi Mi A1 Mix 2 Max 2 360° Shockproof Matte Ultra-Thin Hard Case Cover. For Xiaomi Mi 5S M5S Plus 5.7" Retro Crocodile PU leather Flip Cover Case Wallet. For Xiaomi Mi 5S M5S 5.15" Smart Auto Sleep Awake Mirror View Case Cover Flip. Customs services and international tracking provided. Fit Xiaomi Mi 5C 5S 6 Plus Redmi 3S 4A Note 4X Pro. Fit For Xiaomi Mi 5S 6 Mix Max 2 Redmi 4A Note 4X 5A. Anti Slip Matte Soft TPU Silicone Cover Mi 5/5S/Plus. For Xiaomi A1 5 6 Mix Max 2&Redmi 3 4 4X 5 Note 3 4 5A. For Xiaomi Mi 5 Full Protection 3in1 Shell Case Cover. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
The next video is starting stop. Xiaomi Mi 5S Unboxing & Detailed First Look (English). Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Xiaomi Mi 5S unboxing, hands-on and first look with camera samples. It has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 821, ultrasonic fingerprint reader, NFC and new rear Sony 12MP IMX378. The Mi5S is $243.99 with coupon code Mi54GD here: http://www.gearbest.com/cell-phones/p... S6 Edge+ Vs MI5S camera comparison: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Su6ld... Mi 5S Plus unboxing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNYP9... I got this from Goldway here: http://s.click.aliexpress.com/e/JQnqj... Still no micro sd card support, and now no IR blaster or OIS. My spec is the 3GB RAM & 64GB ROM version doesn't have 3DTouch, the 4GB/128GB version does have that. Recommend places to buy tech from China: Banggood: https://www.banggood.com/?p=QZ1402162... Gearbest: https://goo.gl/5tcZRI Geekbuying: https://goo.gl/YwtBvC If you liked this video and want to see more like it, why not subscribe? http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c... About: Tech Tablets reviews the latest in Chinese tablets, mobile phones, and other related gadgets. We aim to deliver honest reviews, from a user perspective to help you choose the best tech for your needs. Covering points that matter to you as a user with comparisons, benchmarks, thermals and testing popular games. Follow TechTablets:: Web: http://techtablets.com/ Fourms: http://techtablets.com/forum Twitter: https://twitter.com/TechTabletscom. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Xiaomi Mi 5S Vs Samsung Galaxy S7 Speed Test (Snapdragon 821 Vs Exynos 8890). Xiaomi Mi 6 Hands-on: The $360 Flagship. Xiaomi Mi6 2017 - Release Date,Price,Specifications & Features. Xiaomi Mi 6 Unboxing With Detailed Hands-On Review (English). Xiaomi Mi Note 3 - Unboxing & Benchmarks (in 4K Cinematic 21:9). The Most Requested Smartphone I've NEVER Featured.... The Super Smartphone You've Never Heard Of.... Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus Unboxing With Detailed First Look. Xiaomi Mi 5 vs iPhone 6S. Xiaomi Mi5s Review - The Affordable BEAST of a Smartphone (4GB RAM/128ROM). Xiaomi Mi 5s (SD 821 | IMX378 | Ultrasonic Sensor) - Unboxing & Hands On!. FLAGSHIP KILLER? (XIAOMI MI5S REVIEW INDONESIA). Xiaomi Mi A1 review: the perfect budget phone?. Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus (Dual Camera | Monochrome| SD821) - Unboxing & Hands On!. Xiaomi Mi5S & Mi5S Plus - 5 Things To Know Before Buying!. Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus Unboxing & Hands-On Review. The Phone From The FUTURE! No Bezel Xiaomi Mi Mix Review. Xiaomi Mi5 Bend Test - Scratch test - Burn test - Durability test. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Case For Umi Super Tpu Redmi Note 4x 4 Color Z3 Cases. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. > Mobile Phones > Cell Phone Accessories > Cases & Leather > Xiaomi Mi5s. MIUI 8 Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 Dual 13.0MP Rear Ca.... MUXMA Durable Canvas Design Flip PU Leather Wallet Case for Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus. Nillkin Dull Polish Back Case for XiaoMi Mi5. TOCHIC XiaoMi Mi5 Tempered Glass Film. 9H 2.5D Round Border Anti-scratch Ultra-slim Scree.... NILLKIN XiaoMi Mi5 Tempered Glass Film. 9H Round Border Anti-scratch Ultra-slim Screen Pro.... Ultra Thin Soft TPU Transparent Case for Xiaomi Mi 5 / Mi5. Tempered Glass Screen Protector 9H 2.5D Film for Xiaomi Mi 5. for Xiaomi Mi 5S PC Frame TPU Cover Protector Shield. Tempered Glass Screen Protector 9H Film for Xiaomi Mi 5s. Ultra-Thin Tpu Back Cover Case for Xiaomi Mi 5S - Transparent. for Xiaomi Mi 5 Tempered Glass 9H 2.5D Explosion-p.... ASLING Matte Slim TPU Phone Case for Xiaomi Mi 5S. for Xiaomi Mi 5S 2.5D Tempered Glass 9H Shatter-pr.... 2pcs Naxtop 2.5D Tempered Glass Screen Film for Xiaomi Mi 5S. Original Xiaomi Mi 5-Outlet Power Strip. Transparent Ultra Thin TPU Soft Case for Xiaomi Mi 5s / Mi5s. Original XiaoMi Mi5 Tempered Glass Film. 9H 2.5D Round Border Anti-scratch Ultra-slim Screen Protector. Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus. 2.5D Full Cover Color Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film For Xiaomi Mi5s. NILLKIN TPU Back Case for XiaoMi Mi5. Luxury Retro Case for Xiaomi Mi5S Case Wallet Flip PU Leather Cover Cases for Xiaomi Mi 5S M5S Mi5S Phone Bag with Stand. Luanke Back Case for Xiaomi Mi 5. Brushed Finish Cover Soft Carbon Fiber Phone Prote.... Naxtop 1PC Screen Film for Xiaomi Mi 5S. Ultra-Thin Tpu Back Cover Case for Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus- Transparent. 2pcs Naxtop Tempered Glass Screen Film for Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus. Luanke 9H Film for Xiaomi mi 5S Plus. Tempered Glass Screen Protector Full Cover Shatter.... ASLING Matte Slim TPU Phone Case for Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus. 2.5D Full Cover Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film for Xiaomi Mi5s Plus. Luanke 3D Relief Kickstand Cover Case for Xiaomi Mi 5S. Clear Crystal Soft TPU Thin Case for Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus. Cartoon Cat Design Ultra Slim TPU Shockproof Black Silicone Soft Back Case for Xiaomi Mi 5. Naxtop 1PC Screen Film for Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus. ASLING Brushed Finish Phone Case Protector for Xiaomi Mi 5S. Tpu Brushed Finish Soft Phone Case for Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus. Luanke Carbon Fiber TPU Soft Case Cover for Xiaomi Mi 5S. for Xiaomi Mi 5 Tempered Glass 9H 2.5D Explosion-p.... Prev 1 2 3 4 5 Next Go To : 1 2 3 4 5. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. Xiaomi Mi 5S is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. Xiaomi Mi 5S Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Popularly known as the "Apple of China" for both its insipration and innovation. Xiaomi enjoys a massive following around the globe. Making its appearence in India in 2014, it soon topped the popularity charts by offering high-end specs at low price tags.. Xiaomi has service centers in most major cities in the country. Xiaomi Mi 5S details Read more. Dual camera Force touch features Great performance USB Type C. Lacks expandable storage Non removable battery. The Xiaomi Mi 5S is a new flagship phone from the brand, which continues to. impress us by providing whole range of powerful features at a reasonable price. Deemed as a worthy successor to the popular Mi 5 smartphone, the feature which really sets it apart is its dual camera setup. Along with that it contains powerful configuration that delivers top notch performance.. First Xiaomi phone with dual camera setup. The Xiaomi Mi 5S features a 5.5-inch IPS LCD display. The display comes with force touch feature that detects the level of pressure applied on the screen and takes appropriate action accordingly.. The smartphone runs on Android v6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system.. Under the hood, the smartphone boasts of probably the best available performance features available today. They include a pair of dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 MSM8996 processors having enormous clock speed of 2.15GHz and 1.59HZ. It is bundled with a gigantic 6GB RAM that keeps this device working smoothly irrespective of number of tasks running on background. Its Adreno 530 GPU is more than enough powerful to run most. of the high end games without any lags.. The Xiaomi Mi 5S dons a dual rear camera setup, becoming the first phone from Xiaomi to do so. The have resolution of 16MP and is equipped with LED flash along with other features like phase detection autofocus digital zoom, auto flash, face detection etc. On the front, it features 4MP camera that click good quality selfies. The device comes with a 32GB onboard storage which is non expandable.. Connectivity options present in this phone. are dual SIM, 4G, Wi-Fi 802.11, ac, hotspot tethering, Bluetooth 4.2, GPS, NFC and USB type C. Sensors present in this device include light, proximity, accelerometer, barometer, compass, gyroscope along with an ultrasonic fingerprint sensor on the back. The device is powered by 3,500mAh li-polymer battery of non removable nature.. This product is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Quad core (2.15 GHz, Dual Core + 2 GHz, Dual core). Performance ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Display ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Battery ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life. Supports Indian bands 64 GB, Non Expandable Dual SIM: Nano + Nano Fingerprint sensor No FM Radio. Xiaomi Mi 5S is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. Mobile Phones in range of 15000 to 20000. Xiaomi Mi 5s vs Xiaomi Mi 5: worth the upgrade?. Oct 02 2016 By Prateek Pandey. The Xiaomi Mi 5s features a Snapdragon 821 processor and an ultrasonic fingerprint sensor under the glass. Rumour Zone: what to expect from Xiaomi Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus. Sep 26 2016 By Sayan Sarkar. Rounding up all the rumours about the upcoming Xiaomi Mi 5s and Mi 5s Plus. Xiaomi CEO shares Mi 5s camera sample, confirms product name. Sep 23 2016 By Akshay Kumar. Xiaomi had earlier confirmed the dual camera set up on the Mi 5s. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones. 5.15 inches (13.08 cm) Screen Resolution. Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display. Pixel Density compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen. Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 MSM8996 Pro Processor. Quad core (2.15 GHz, Dual core, Kryo + 2 GHz, Dual core, Kryo). Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor. Dual core, 2.15 GHz, Kryo + Dual core, 2 GHz Kryo, Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8996 Pro Snapdragon 821. Quad core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Spreadtrum SC7731G. Dual core, 2.53 GHz, Monsoon + Quad core, 1.42 GHz Mistral, Chipset: Apple A11 Bionic. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage. Internal Memory compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory. Exposure compensation, ISO control Shooting Modes. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Digital image stabilization, Face detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. 3840x2160 @ 30 fps, 1920x1080 @ 120 fps, 1280x720 @ 120 fps. Rear Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera. Front Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life. SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano Network Support. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n/n 5GHz Wi-Fi Features. TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) / 2500(band 41) / 1900(band 39) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8) / 850(band 5). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) / 2500(band 41) / 1900(band 39) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8) / 850(band 5). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Barometer, Compass, Gyroscope. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android Xiaomi Phablet Dual SIM Camera 2 MP & above Camera 5 MP & above Camera 8 MP & above Camera 12 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Higher primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 12 MP. Lesser thickness: 7.2 mm vs 8.2 mm. Lesser weight: 129 grams vs 145 grams. OS: Android Screen size: 5.15 inches RAM: 3 GB SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 428 ppi NFC: Yes 1089 people viewed together 6781 people compared together. Dual core 1.8 GHz vs Dual core 2.15 GHz. Lower battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 3200 mAH. Lesser internal memory: 32 GB vs 64 GB. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.7 inches vs 5.15 inches. Dual core 2.35 GHz vs Dual core 2.15 GHz. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 64 GB NFC: Yes 843 people viewed together 2849 people compared together. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 12 MP. Higher battery capacity: 3800 mAH vs 3200 mAH. Lesser thickness: 7.9 mm vs 8.2 mm. Lower pixel density: 386 ppi vs 428 ppi. More weight: 168 grams vs 145 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5.15 inches. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 12 MP. Higher battery capacity: 4050 mAH vs 3200 mAH. OS: Android RAM: 3 GB SIM card slots: 2 713 people viewed together 2276 people compared together. Higher secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 4 MP. Lesser thickness: 8.1 mm vs 8.2 mm. Dual core 2.1 GHz vs Dual core 2.15 GHz. Lower pixel density: 401 ppi vs 428 ppi. Lesser internal memory: 32 GB vs 64 GB. More weight: 174 grams vs 145 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5.15 inches. Octa core 2.0 GHz vs Dual core 2.15 GHz. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 64 GB 575 people viewed together 3111 people compared together. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 12 MP. Higher battery capacity: 4100 mAH vs 3200 mAH. Higher secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 4 MP. Lower pixel density: 401 ppi vs 428 ppi. More thickness: 8.4 mm vs 8.2 mm. More weight: 165 grams vs 145 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.7 inches vs 5.15 inches. Dual core 2.35 GHz vs Dual core 2.15 GHz. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 64 GB NFC: Yes 830 people viewed together 1595 people compared together. Higher primary camera resolution: 22.5 MP vs 12 MP. Higher battery capacity: 4070 mAH vs 3200 mAH. Higher pixel density: 515 ppi vs 428 ppi. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 4 MP. Lesser thickness: 7.3 mm vs 8.2 mm. More weight: 166 grams vs 145 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5.15 inches. Dual core 2.2 GHz vs Dual core 2.15 GHz. More RAM: 6 GB vs 3 GB. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 64 GB NFC: Yes 291 people viewed together 3110 people compared together. Higher primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 12 MP. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 4 MP. Lesser thickness: 7.3 mm vs 8.2 mm. Lower battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 3200 mAH. Lower pixel density: 401 ppi vs 428 ppi. More weight: 158 grams vs 145 grams. View all FAQs about Xiaomi Mi 5S. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Answered by Aniket Rao | 2 months ago. No , Mi 5S is not expected to be waterproof.. 5 more answer(s) | Spam?. Where can I download the Stock wallpapers of Samsung Galaxy Note 7 and Xiaomi 5S? please provide some link.. Answered by Jordon | 1 years ago. Can we get mi5s in India anywhere soon?. Answered by Diksha Jayaraman | 12 months ago. Lol never expect Xiaomi phones to be released in India on time :P :P. They always release phones in India when they launch next series phone in China :D and transport all previously remaining stock in India.. Answered by Shivam Rangan | 1 years ago. Xiaomi Mi5 is an amazing compact and powerful flagship from Xiaomi and it is really good with the overall build performance and camera check this video. Does Xiaomi Mi 5S support Microsoft Word?. Answered by Thirugnanam Sehgal | 1 years ago. 1 more answer(s) | Spam?. People who viewed Xiaomi Mi 5S also viewed. Lenovo Z2 Plus 64GB (Zuk Z2). Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Market Summary Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content. Watchlists My Portfolio My Screeners Markets Industries Personal Finance Technology Originals Events. Markets open in 4 hrs 22 mins. S&P Futures 2,757.25 Dow Futures 25,454.00 Nasdaq Futures 6,915.50 Russell 2000 1,549.19 Crude Oil 63.47 Gold 1,341.90 Silver 16.68 EUR/USD 1.23. + 8.50 ( + 0.31% ). + 140.00 ( + 0.55% ). + 5.75 ( + 0.08% ). + 19.20 ( + 1.25% ). + 11.60 ( + 0.87% ). + 0.20 ( + 1.22% ). + 0.00 ( + 0.40% ). Out with the old: Xiaomi’s sparkly Snapdragon 821-powered Mi 5S and Mi 5S Plus are here. Xiaomi has updated the Mi 5 smartphone with the Mi 5S, and added a Mi 5S Plus to the range. The pair have been announced in China following a series of rumors and leaks, The original Mi 5 is hardly an aging device, having been revealed in February, but Xiaomi clearly wants to make use of a very new, and very special component — the Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor .. The new chip is the star of the Mi 5S and Mi 5S Plus, which Qualcomm says is 10 percent faster than the Snapdragon 820. Is it the only thing that makes these two new phones special? Let’s find out.. market in October with Android TV-powered 4K Mi Box. The Mi 5S looks very similar to the Mi 5, with a curved body making it comfortable to hold, but it now comes in new colors, ranging from grey and silver, to brushed metallic pink and gold. On the rear, the flash unit has been shifted to the other side of the camera lens, and there are pronounced antenna lines running across the body.. xiaomi mi s news colors top. Around the front the screen size stays the same at 5.15-inches, as does the 1920 x 1080 pixel resolution and impressive 600 nits brightness. It’s now pressure sensitive, like Apple’s 3D Touch system on the iPhone, but it’s not clear which apps or tools take advantage of the technology. The Snapdragon 821 processor is joined by 4GB of RAM in the range-topping model, which also has 128GB of RAM. Xiaomi has used an ultrasonic fingerprint sensor in the home button for speedy, reliable, and secure unlocking.. Xiaomi Mi 5S Plus Xiaomi Mi Note 2 news and rumors Phones don’t get much bigger than the Xiaomi Mi Max. Sony’s new IMX378 12-megapixel camera sensor is on the rear, with a 4-megapixel selfie camera above the screen. The Mi 5S has a USB Type-C charging port, plus a 3,200mAh battery with fast charging. Xiaomi will charge around $300 for the 64GB Mi 5S, and $350 for the 128GB model.. Xiaomi’s new Mi Robot Vacuum really sucks (in a good way) and costs just $250. Where would a manufacturer be without a Plus model? The Mi 5S Plus lives up to its name, because you’ll look at a massive 5.7-inch screen wrapped up in a body that’s slightly more compact than the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. It weighs less too, at 168 grams. For the sister Mi 5S phone, Xiaomi has moved the fingerprint sensor to the back of the phone, where it’s set beneath two camera lenses.. xiaomi mi s news plus gold. xiaomi mi s news plus silver. Mounted flush with the body, Sony has supplied both the 13-megapixel cameras, which seem to operate in a similar way to Huawei’s P9. There’s a monochrome mode, and although no sample pictures were released, we’d expect a depth-of-field mode to be included. Xiaomi as experience here, having fitted dual cameras on the cheaper Redmi Pro to produce a bokeh effect.. A much larger 3,800mAh battery joins the Snapdragon 821 processor, which inside the 128GB model comes with 6GB of RAM. Go for the smaller 64GB Mi 5S Plus, and it has 4GB of RAM. This model costs the same as the 128GB Mi 5S, but you’ll have to spend about $390 for the 128GB Mi 5S Plus.. The phones will be on sale September 29 through Xiaomi’s own website, but official international sales are highly unlikely. It’ll be possible to order one through an importer if you’re set on owning a Mi 5S though.. Updated and rewritten on 09-27-2016 by Andy Boxall: Added in. all the official details regarding the Mi 5S and Mi 5S Plus. The Weinstein Company to file for bankruptcy. Here's Why I Plan to Take Social Security at 62. Silicon Valley is so expensive that even Facebook and Apple employees can't afford to live near the office. 10 Netflix movies and shows you should watch before they’re removed in March. Warren Buffett is still learning new investing lessons. Retail earnings and GDP — What you need to know for the week ahead. Hawaiian Airlines Will Buy Boeing's 787-9 Dreamliner, and It Makes No Sense. Air Force Cancels $7B JSTARS Program Over Boeing, Northrop Objections. Yahoo Finance answers: Is the stock market corrupt?. India's Bollywood legend Sridevi dies at 54 of cardiac arrest. 4 undocumented immigrants share their American startup stories. GoBee Bike throws in the towel in France. What to watch in the markets: Monday, February 26. What I hope to hear from Fed Chair Powell this week. Apple AirPods may soon get over-ear headphone sibling with better sound quality. Netflix Suffering from Its Own Success. China paves way for Xi Jinping to remain leader for years. General Electric to restate two years of earnings. 'Emperor' stocks soar in China as Xi cleared for indefinite reign. NASA Captures Stunning Images of Mars' Moons. Exclusive: Essar Oil seeks loans from traders as banks fear Russian links. The top 10 games of E3 2017. Cuban-American businessman who helped build the internet now defends it. Social Security Forfeiture: What Are the 2018 Income Limits?. What Investors Should Know About Ford and GM's Secret Weapon. Companies Cut Ties With NRA as Boycott Call Grows. Samsung's Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus bring major camera improvements. 3 Cryptocurrencies That Could Still Double. 
Ship to United States / USD. Contact Customer Service for order status and other after-sales issues. chat with Online Sales for more information before your purchase!. If you already made a purchase. If you are considering a purchase. [HK Stock]Xiaomi Mi 5S 5.15inch FHD MIUI 8 Android 6.0 4G LTE Smartphone Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 Quad Core 3GB 64GB 12.0MP Ultrasonic Touch-ID NFC Type-C - Gold. View Cart or Continue Shopping>>. US$ 280.99 + =. The item has been added to your wish list.. Shipping Cost: Free Shipping to United States via UPS Expedited. [HK Stock]Original Xiaomi EU Plug Wall Charger USB Power Adapter For Xiaomi Smartphone - Black. [HK Stock]Kaisi 4 in 1 Sim Card Converter Adapter Kit Sim Card Slot Set Nano to Micro/Standard For iPhone 4/5 + Sim Tray Opener. Original price : US$ 294.97. Wireless connectiveity:GSM, 3G, 4G, GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth. Camera type:Dual cameras (one front one back). English, Bahasa Indonesia, Bahasa Melayu, Cestina, Dansk, Deutsch, Espanol, Filipino, French, Hrvatski, Italiano, Latviesu, Lietuviu, Magyar, Nederlands, Norsk, Polish, Portuguese, Romana, Slovencina, Suomi, Svenska, Tieng viet, Turkish, Greek, Bulgarian, Russian, Ukrainian, Hebrew, Arabic, Thai, Khmer, Korean, Simplified/Traditional Chinese. Gyroscopes, Acceleration sensors, Distance sensors, Ambient light sensors, Hall sensors, Electronic compass, Barometer. 4G, WIFI, GPS, Bluetooth,Gesture Sensing,Smart Wake, Ebook, Email,Messaging, wallpapers, calendar, calculator,clock, camera, Google Play Store, tethering & portable hotspot, Touch ID, NFC,fast charge,Type-C,. 1 × Power adapter (A right AC Adapter will be sent as your shipping country). This phone will only work with 2G:GSM 850 /900 /1800/ 1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850 /900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE 850/900/1800/ 2100/2600MHz. It is Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. This phone will only work with 2G:GSM 850 /900 /1800/ 1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850 /900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE 850/900/1800/ 2100/2600MHz. It is Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. Xiaomi launched a new Xiaomi Mi 5s which is the upgrade version of Xiaomi Mi 5. It comes with breakthrough technology of photograph "Eye of darkness". Xiaomi Mi 5s used the first non-porous ultrasonic fingerprint identification, NFC,faster 4G + network and up to 600nit high-brightness pressure sensitive screen. Breakthrough technology is changing the phone experience more and more.. The Xiaomi Mi 5s features a 5.15-inch screen with a FHD resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels.. On the front, Using 16 high-light color rendering technology, the brightness of the screen enhance 30%. It's clear even if the sun. 94% NTSC gamut saturation enhance 30% than ordinary sRGB phone screen. What's more,Xiaomi Mi 5s 128GB version comes with pressure-sensitive screen technology.. There is a 3.5mm headphone jack on the top and a standard Type-C port at the bottom. The first "non-porous" ultrasonic fingerprint identification technology placed the ultrasonic recognition under the 2.5D glass panel. Seamless transition of the screen surface gives better hand feeling.. On the back, The Xiaomi Mi 5s' unibody design means the battery is not removable. Xiaomi Mi 5s has high-light wire drawing and matte process of full-metal unibody. A texture phone with elegant front and back. Silver, rose gold color is matte process with delicate and elegant metal. Dark gray, gold color is high-light wire drawing process which gives the real texture of metal .The two processes have their own style,you can choose the one you like.. The Xiaomi Mi 5s features a 5.15-inch FHD (1920×1080 pixels) display and packs an quad core Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor, with 2.15GHz frequency. The handset includes 3GB/4GB RAM, Adreno 530 624MHz GPU, as well as UFS 2.0 64/128GB of inbuilt storage. Xiaomi Mi 5s packs a 3100/3200mAh non-removable battery. Xiaomi Mi 5s supports Quick Charge 3.0.. On the camera , Xiaomi Mi 5s sports 12.0MP rear camera with LED flash, f/ 2.0 aperture, PDAF auto focus, and also supports 4K video recording. It used Sony's largest cell phone camera sensor IMX378 so far, 1 / 2.3 inch large sensor, makes each big pixel full of rich color information. 1.55 μm large-pixel is able to store more rich details and colors.. There is a 4-megapixel front-facing camera which supports selfie beauty. 2 μm large pixel of Xiaomi Mi 5s front camera is almost double size of ordinary front-facing camera.. The dual-SIM Xiaomi Mi 5s comes with dual Nano SIM card dual standby.. The Xiaomi Mi 5s runs on MIUI 8, which utilizes an Android 6.0 Marshmallow. If you love to explore new things, you will love the innovation of MIUI 8 system. It is designed from everyone's life.Full-function NFC makes your phone into your bus card and bank card. Privacy dual systems will store important information separately. So that you will have convenient life and enjoy the fun of breakthrough at the same time.. Now we have the Xiaomi Xiaomi Mi 5s and Mi 5s plus for sale, it is pre-installed multi-language and Google play store, support Google service. Welcome to buy Xiaomi smartphone at Geekbuying.. 5.15 inch 1920*1080 Pixel FHD screen,428PPI. CPU:Qualcomm Snapdragon 821, quad core, 2.15GHz, 64bit,GPU Adreno 530 624MHz. MIUI 8 (Base on Android 6.0 OS) , 3GB LPDDR4 1866MHz + 64GB ROM UFS 2.0. Dual Nano SIM card dual standby(Both SIM slots are compatible with 4G, respectively. When they work at the same time, only one of them can receive LTE service and the other WCDMA ). Dual cameras, front camera 4.0MP; back camera Sony IMX 378 12.0MP 6P lens F2.0 with flashlight and auto focus. Support FDD LTE/4G+/3G/GPS/dual band Wifi/Bluetooth/Miracast/OTG/NFC/Type-C/ultrasonic fingerprint ID. Operating System:MIUI 8 (Base on Android 6.0 OS). CPU:Qualcomm Snapdragon 821, quad core, 2.15GHz. Screen resolution:FHD (1920×1080 pixels) screen display,. Qualcomm second-generation ISP dark light enhancement technology. The second generation of 36 intelligent beauty, self-timer real-time beauty. A single pixel up to 2 microns, f 2.0 aperture, 80 ° wide angle. SIM card slot:Dual Nano SIM card dual standby(Both SIM slots are compatible with 4G, respectively. When they work at the same time, only one of them can receive LTE service and the other WCDMA ). Upload your photo to win 2 - 4 GeekPoints Customer Photos. Be the first to Upload A Photo of this product!. Upload your video to win 2 - 8 GeekPoints Customer Videos. Be the first to Upload A Video of this product!. Be the first to Write A. Text Review of this product!. 100% Good Reputation Rate. XIAOMI MI 5S QUALCOMM SNAPDRAGON 821 MIUI 8 ANDROID 6.0 SMARTPHONE FIRMWARE 212277 161105. [HK Stock]Kaisi 4 in 1 Sim Card Converter Adapter Kit Sim Card Slot Set Nano to Micro/Standard For iPhone 4/5 + Sim Tray Opener. [HK Stock]Xiaomi Mi 5S 5.15inch FHD MIUI 8 Android 6.0 4G LTE Smartphone Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 Quad Core 3GB 64GB 12.0MP Ultrasonic Touch-ID NFC Type-C - Silver. Soft Case Back Cover Ultra-thin Transparent Protective Phone Shell For Xiaomi Mi 5S. Tempered Glass 2.5D Arc Screen 0.3mm Protective Glass Film Screen Protector For Xiaomi Mi 5S - Transparent. [HK Stock]Original Xiaomi EU Plug Wall Charger USB Power Adapter For Xiaomi Smartphone - Black. 4% Site-Wide OFF Subscribe to get exclusive offers and more savings!. [HK Stock]Xiaomi Mi 5S 5.15inch FHD MIUI 8 Android 6.0 4G LTE Smartphone Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 Quad Core 3GB 64GB 12.0MP Ultrasonic Touch-ID NFC Type-C - Gold. English | Español | Français | Deutsch | Italiano | Português | Nederlands | Polski | Русский | Türkçe | ελληνικά | Magyar | لعربية | עברית | ไทย | 日本語. Note: GeekBuying reserves the right to change prices at any time without notice. Stock information may become invalid because of new orders and supply change.. Shipping Company Estimated Delivery Time Shipping Cost. *Please note: This is an estimated shipping fee, the actual shipping fee will be shown on the order page.. 
Please sign in and use My Center No account? Register. › All devices › Xiaomi Mi 5s. Xiaomi Mi 5s Global Xiaomi Mi 5s China. Stable ROM > Full ROM pack. Author: MIUI Official Team Version: V9.2.1.0.NAGMIEK (MIUI8). Download MIUI Forum app to get the latest updates Download now. Version: V9.1.1.0.NAGMIEI 1.3G MD5: 3e22d133b8cec9e0cffd2ed904fcf1af Changelog. Version: V8.5.4.0.MAGMIED 1.5G MD5: 1a67e6e1a27a1c7295f792633d09d8f3 Changelog. Version: V8.5.3.0.MAGMIED 1.5G MD5: 06d5d5e5bd3fa32f460a799e823217d4 Changelog. Stable ROM > Older versions Author: MIUI Official Team. Developer ROM > Full ROM pack. Author: MIUI Official Team Version: 8.2.8 (MIUI9). Download MIUI Forum app to get the latest updates Download now. Upgrade from MIUI8.2.1 152M MD5: 0bc6c4e53ce95b42a0885bf4f36d3b10 Changelog. Upgrade from MIUI8.2.2 148M MD5: 001d5dd8a1c66bf4b65520656df4faec Changelog. Upgrade from MIUI8.2.5 84M MD5: 7a962e0b21f83a3ac5eeb519b313684f Changelog. Upgrade from MIUI8.2.6 69M MD5: cfd932c242684fb8e68f4072c5a6bfc1 Changelog. Upgrade from MIUI8.1.18 179M MD5: 650d7c608c0f62353e625e92e63381cd Changelog. Developer ROM > Incremental ROM pack Author: MIUI Official Team Version: 8.2.8 (MIUI9). Version: 8.2.2 1.3G MD5: 778ef3e17a1102c02e59b0a649e84e58 Changelog. Version: 8.1.25 1.3G MD5: 2aeb51613d12be40a6b6cf37606631dc Changelog. Version: 8.1.18 1.3G MD5: 785a2c617070eb92fa1a7f2b1ba04aef Changelog. Version: 8.1.11 1.3G MD5: 3b81fbbbe5462968c0dfa6c691c64101 Changelog. Version: 8.1.4 1.3G MD5: 43d33e6d28b39d1311297e2bd205f027 Changelog. Developer ROM > Older versions Author: MIUI Official Team. Stable ROM > Full ROM pack. Author: MIUI Official Team Version: V9.2.2.0.NAGCNEK (MIUI9). Download MIUI Forum app to get the latest updates Download now. Version: V9.1.3.0.NAGCNEI 1.4G MD5: e2638da154a962f41e7735c2bd30a88c Changelog. Version: V9.1.2.0.NAGCNEI 1.4G MD5: afb865e49b2d6ac6993fc3b155b82ad9 Changelog. Version: V8.5.6.0.MAGCNED 1.3G MD5: c5015435a7d62120c097bc7c1c177e8e Changelog. Stable ROM > Older versions Author: MIUI Official Team. Developer ROM > Full ROM pack. Author: MIUI Official Team Version: 8.2.1 (MIUI9). Download MIUI Forum app to get the latest updates Download now. Upgrade from MIUI8.1.29 122M MD5: 340fd221a7e2e76488886ffc54de5395 Changelog. Upgrade from MIUI8.1.26 133M MD5: c4783c5c4e315015f9f00f9e48ea1d2c Changelog. Upgrade from MIUI8.1.11 232M MD5: b6f425f38cc6d6b42a5ea65bc1f56a9d Changelog. Upgrade from MIUI8.1.31 98M MD5: 6905f288307ecf7dd879189f0cbfc410 Changelog. Upgrade from MIUI8.1.30 106M MD5: 37a560e0e332f295c3234c7a6e23e847 Changelog. Developer ROM > Incremental ROM pack Author: MIUI Official Team Version: 8.2.1 (MIUI9). Version: 8.1.25 1.4G MD5: 622bf902d8bf2340c6d3ae462c5d8bae Changelog. Version: 8.1.18 1.4G MD5: 9aba26b0304282d4c499ec4b410b0338 Changelog. Version: 8.1.11 1.4G MD5: 491389bd666f6204e1b5972d4dbe763d Changelog. Version: 8.1.4 1.4G MD5: 9f5a4229baad6539a80d164df27a8a41 Changelog. Version: 7.12.28 1.4G MD5: 11cc1533c1159dcb347ced428adae8ba Changelog. Developer ROM > Older versions Author: MIUI Official Team. Copyright © 2017 MIUI Beijing ICP No.10046444. 
Out with the old: Xiaomi’s sparkly Snapdragon 821-powered Mi 5S and Mi 5S Plus are here. Xiaomi has updated the Mi 5 smartphone with the Mi 5S, and added a Mi 5S Plus to the range. The pair have been announced in China following a series of rumors and leaks, The original Mi 5 is hardly an aging device, having been revealed in February, but Xiaomi clearly wants to make use of a very new, and very special component — the Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor .. The new chip is the star of the Mi 5S and Mi 5S Plus, which Qualcomm says is 10 percent faster than the Snapdragon 820. Is it the only thing that makes these two new phones special? Let’s find out.. The Mi 5S looks very similar to the Mi 5, with a curved body making it comfortable to hold, but it now comes in new colors, ranging from grey and silver, to brushed metallic pink and gold. On the rear, the flash unit has been shifted to the other side of the camera lens, and there are pronounced antenna lines running across the body.. Around the front the screen size stays the same at 5.15-inches, as does the 1920 x 1080 pixel resolution and impressive 600 nits brightness. It’s now pressure sensitive, like Apple’s 3D Touch system on the iPhone, but it’s not clear which apps or tools take advantage of the technology. The Snapdragon 821 processor is joined by 4GB of RAM in the range-topping model, which also has 128GB of RAM. Xiaomi has used an ultrasonic fingerprint sensor in the home button for speedy, reliable, and secure unlocking.. Sony’s new IMX378 12-megapixel camera sensor is on the rear, with a 4-megapixel selfie camera above the screen. The Mi 5S has a USB Type-C charging port, plus a 3,200mAh battery with fast charging. Xiaomi will charge around $300 for the 64GB Mi 5S, and $350 for the 128GB model.. Where would a manufacturer be without a Plus model? The Mi 5S Plus lives up to its name, because you’ll look at a massive 5.7-inch screen wrapped up in a body that’s slightly more compact than the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. It weighs less too, at 168 grams. For the sister Mi 5S phone, Xiaomi has moved the fingerprint sensor to the back of the phone, where it’s set beneath two camera lenses.. Mounted flush with the body, Sony has supplied both the 13-megapixel cameras, which seem to operate in a similar way to Huawei’s P9. There’s a monochrome mode, and although no sample pictures were released, we’d expect a depth-of-field mode to be included. Xiaomi as experience here, having fitted dual cameras on the cheaper Redmi Pro to produce a bokeh effect.. A much larger 3,800mAh battery joins the Snapdragon 821 processor, which inside the 128GB model comes with 6GB of RAM. Go for the smaller 64GB Mi 5S Plus, and it has 4GB of RAM. This model costs the same as the 128GB Mi 5S, but you’ll have to spend about $390 for the 128GB Mi 5S Plus.. The phones will be on sale September 29 through Xiaomi’s own website, but official international sales are highly unlikely. It’ll be possible to order one through an importer if you’re set on owning a Mi 5S though.. Updated and rewritten on 09-27-2016 by Andy Boxall: Added in. all the official details regarding the Mi 5S and Mi 5S Plus. Here is everything we know about the Xiaomi Mi 7. Everything we know about the Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S. Snap the best picture you can by mastering the Xiaomi Mi A1’s camera. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. Ciliary cell-inspired microrobots may swim faster and may carry more cargo. Everything we know about the Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S. Big-screen Nokia 7 Plus featuring Android One announced at Mobile World…. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
