GSM / CDMA / HSPA / EVDO / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). 151.5 x 76.2 x 8.2 mm (5.96 x 3.00 x 0.32 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM/ Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~72.2% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). Mediatek MT6797T Helio X25 - High & Exclusive editions Mediatek MT6797 Helio X20 - Standard edition. Deca-core 2.5 GHz - Exclusive edition Deca-core 2.3 GHz - High edition Deca-core 2.1 GHz - Standard edition. microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 128 GB, 4 GB RAM - Exclusive edition 32/64 GB, 3 GB RAM - other editions. Dual: 13 MP + 5 MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (front-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Basemark OS II: 1648 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 1696 Basemark X: 23846. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. Xiaomi Redmi Pro - user opinions and reviews. I've already got the update of MIUI 9 in my Redmi Pro.. Hello!!!! Please someone tell me if i ever get miui 9 (Nougat 7) in my xiaomi redmi pro!!!! Thanks.. How to get Android 7 update. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Mi A1 Xiaomi Mi 5 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 (MediaTek) Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 (Redmi 5 Plus) Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 (Redmi 5 Plus) Xiaomi Mi A1 Xiaomi Redmi 5A Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). 
1.4 GHz ARM Cortex-A53 (x 4). 2.0 GHz ARM Cortex-A53 (x 4). 2.1 GHz ARM Cortex-A72 (x 2). 2.3 GHz ARM Cortex-A72 (x 2). 2.5 GHz ARM Cortex-A72 (x 2). Dual 13 MP + 5 MP. SUBSCRIBE! News, promos, new products!. This website is set up and operated by NIS LLC. for the benefit of the Mi. hereby states that this website is dedicated, but. or any of its affiliated entity to sell products of Xiaomi Inc.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Xiaomi Redmi Pro. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Xiaomi Redmi Pro smartphone was launched in July 2016. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 342 pixels per inch. The Xiaomi Redmi Pro is powered by 2.1GHz MediaTek Helio X20 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Xiaomi Redmi Pro packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Xiaomi Redmi Pro runs Android and is powered by a 4050mAh non removable battery. It measures 151.50 x 76.20 x 8.15 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 174.00 grams. The Xiaomi Redmi Pro is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, Infrared, USB OTG, 3G and 4G (with support for Band 40 used by some LTE networks in India). Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. Xiaomi Redmi Pro: 5 Things You Need to Know. Xiaomi Redmi Pro With Deca-Core Helio X25 SoC, Dual Rear Cameras Launched. More Xiaomi mobiles Xiaomi mobiles price in India. Release date July 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 151.50 x 76.20 x 8.15 Weight (g) 174.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 4050 Removable battery No Colours Gold, Silver, Dark Grey. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 342. Processor 2.1GHz Processor make MediaTek Helio X20 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC No Infrared Yes USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes SIM 2 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) Yes. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Xiaomi Redmi Pro. 4.3 Out of 5. 5 Star 16 4 Star 5 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star 3. Displaying review(s) 1- 5 of 18 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. What about this teardown of Redmi Pro. By Aatt Ddww | 29 Aug 2016. It is very high specification phone.Its quality is very good.It has lot of feature.Redmi is low range and budget smartphone, different from Mi smartphones. Its killer tactic is the pricing from 700 yuan ($108) to 800 yuan ($123). However this time Redmi Pro hits the price tag for Mi series. Redmi Pro is the most expensive Redmi series smartphone ever, and Xiaomi positions it as the all Chinese smartphone, powering MediaTek Helio X20/X25 Octa Core CPU coupled with 3GB/4GB Ram. And the variants with 32GB, 64GB, 128GB are offered. The 5.5 inches OLED display shows sharp, gorgeous and vivid image. The 5MP front camera makes great sense to those selfie lovers, and the 13MP rear dual camera takes great photos. A fingerprint scanner is embedded in the front Home button.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 5 out of 5 people found this review helpful. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Disassembly Teardown Review. By Amir Hossain | 28 Aug 2016. iaomi Redmi Pro is nice phone i seen ever. All of feature like liked so much. Though the specifications is solid high and the performance is reportedly very powerful, yet what about the inside? What about the build quality? This disassembly review will unveil the answers. The one we disassemble is the top advanced version with the best specs.. I seen the Disassembly Teardown Review from like wedsite : http://www.xiaomiinsider.com/xiaomi-redmi-pro-disassembly-teardown-review-get-know-build-quality/. Overall i liked it so much.... Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. By JOSEPH RAJU | 27 Aug 2016. Redmi pro is the expensive phone from Xiaomi. The build quality of this phone is really good. The inside parts of this mobile is not complicated, its simple. Technology which is used for making this mobile is really good. You can check the review in. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. By Argiris Kalbaris | 2 Aug 2016. Where can i buy this smartphone??? Is it available to buy??. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 6 out of 6 people found this review helpful. By Amarjit Singh | 29 Jul 2016. I love this product since it is a budget smartphone and it contains all the enhanced and relevant features. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 5 out of 5 people found this review helpful. Xiaomi Redmi Pro: 5 Things You Need to Know. Xiaomi Redmi Pro With Deca-Core Helio X25 SoC, Dual Rear Cameras Launched. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Y1 Xiaomi Redmi Y1 Lite Xiaomi Redmi 5A Xiaomi Mi Note 3 Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 Special Edition Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 Xiaomi Mi A1 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Xiaomi Mi 5X Xiaomi Redmi 5 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus Xiaomi Mi 6 Xiaomi Redmi 4X Xiaomi Mi 5c Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Xiaomi Redmi 4 Xiaomi Mi MIX Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Xiaomi Mi Max Prime Xiaomi Redmi 3S Plus Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus Xiaomi Mi 5s Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime. Gionee Marathon M5 Mini Xiaomi Redmi 4x vs. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Xiaomi Redmi Pro vs. Samsung Galaxy A7 2016 vs. Samsung Galaxy A7 Duos Xiaomi Redmi Pro vs. Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 Xiaomi Redmi Pro vs. Apple iPhone 6s Plus vs. Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 7 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 vs. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Oppo F1s vs. Htc One M9 Prime Camera Edition vs. Gionee Pioneer P5 Mini Xiaomi Redmi Pro vs. Lenovo Vibe K4 Note Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 vs. Xiaomi Mi 5 Asus Zenfone 3 Ze520kl vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Xiaomi Redmi Pro in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Esto también se puede leer en español.. Xiaomi's Redmi Pro wants to make you a master photographer. The company's latest phone uses two cameras to give you great bokeh effects.. by July 26, 2016 11:47 PM PDT. Xiaomi's metal-clad Redmi Pro packs dual cameras. Xiaomi's budget range gets a flagship: Meet the Redmi.... Key specs 5.5-inch full-HD display 10-core Helio X25 processor 8GB RAM, 128GB onboard storage 4,050 mAh battery Silver or gold colours. Xiaomi is saying "yes" to dual cameras. The Chinese phonemaker's Redmi Pro uses two camera lenses on its back to take shots with Bokeh effect, that artful look that leaves some of the image in focus and beautifully blurs the rest. It's a feature seen in Huawei's P9 , and also in 2014's HTC One M8 .. What's interesting here is that the lenses aren't the same. You have a 13-megapixel Sony sensor and a 5-megapixel Samsung sensor. The Redmi Pro combines image data from both cameras to let you adjust the depth of field you get, so you have a chance to play around with the amount of blur. The effect works best when shooting portraits and closeups, setups where you want the focus on what's in front of you.. Xiaomi did not say if the dual-camera setup had other features, such as telephoto zoom or better lowlight shots, which we've seen on camera modules from Israeli startup Corephotonics .. To activate the camera's bokeh effect, just tap on the small button located just above the onscreen shutter. From there, you can select the aperture you want, say f2.8, and the Redmi Pro will automatically adjust the amount of background blur. You can also select the focal point after you take the shot.. I'm quite a fan of the Redmi line, and the Redmi Pro is just icing on the cake, thanks to its solid metal unibody build and flagship-like design. It's easily capable of matching flagship smartphones in design and hardware, though I'm not sure how well the Helio X25 processor will hold up compared to the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820. We'll hopefully have a review unit soon to try out.. Xiaomi's metal-clad Redmi Pro packs dual cameras. True to its name, the Pro steps up the hardware specs compared with the other Redmi phones. It has a metal body, 4GB of RAM, 128GB of onboard storage and MediaTek's Helio X25 ten-core processor. There's 4G LTE support for two SIM cards, but you could also use one SIM card and insert a micro-SIM card. There's a fingerprint sensor too, located below the 5.5-inch full-HD OLED display.. A basic version of the Pro will sport 3GB RAM and 32GB of onboard storage and will use the Helio X20 processor instead.. The phone is set to launch on 6 August and will sell for the ridiculously low price of 1,499 yuan (this converts to around $225, £170 and AU$300), although the highest end version goes for 1,999 yuan (about $300, £230 or AU$400). Interestingly, it will also be sold offline in stores as well as Xiaomi's usual online model. While it's only China for now, expect to see the company launch the phone in markets like India, Hong Kong and Singapore shortly after.. Featuring a dual-camera setup comprised of a 13-megapixel Sony camera and a 5-megapixel sensor from Samsung, the Redmi Pro is capable of taking pictures with a bokeh effect similar to high-end DSLRs.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The Xiaomi Redmi Pro was released in August 2016. It has a 5.5" 1080p LTPS-AMOLED display, either a MediaTek Helio X25 or Helio X20 chipset, 4GB of RAM with 128GB internal storage, or 3GB of RAM with 32/64GB internal storage, and a microSD slot. The rear shooter features a dual-camera setup (13MP + 5MP) to take photos with the Bokeh effect, allowing you to adjust the depth of field. The Xiaomi Redmi Pro is powered by a 4050mAh battery and has a USB Type-C port.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Real Life Review. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Questions & Answers. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Guides, News, & Discussion. Xiaomi Redmi Pro ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Themes, Apps, and Mods. Rom List : Xiaomi Redmi Pro. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Real Life Review Xiaomi Redmi Pro Questions & Answers Xiaomi Redmi Pro Guides, News, & Discussion Xiaomi Redmi Pro ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Xiaomi Redmi Pro Themes, Apps, and Mods Xiaomi Redmi Pro Accessories. Most Active Xiaomi Redmi Pro Topics. if tomorrow xiaomi pushes the miui9 beta rom for me. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Real Life Review. More Xiaomi Redmi Pro Real Life Review Threads. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Questions & Answers. My Xiaomi redmi pro can't turn on. More Xiaomi Redmi Pro Questions & Answers Threads. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Guides, News, & Discussion. [Guide] Battery Problems Fix |Deep Sleep Fix & More. [ROM] [MIUI9] 7.10.6 chinese Developer rom with mods. TWRP Recovery's and Root for Redmi Pro | All Versions. The latest official update from Xiaomi. Don't buy MediaTek Version of Xiaomi Redmi Pro. More Xiaomi Redmi Pro Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. Xiaomi Redmi Pro ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. [ROMs] Nougat ROMs for Redmi Pro. [PORT][BETA 2] Lineage OS 13 For Redmi Pro. [PORT][BETA 1.1]AICP 11 for Redmi Pro. [PORT][BETA 1] AOSP 6.0.1 for Redmi Pro. More Xiaomi Redmi Pro ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Themes, Apps, and Mods. [GUIDE] Logo and Boot Animation Maker | For themers. Miui 9 themes for miui 8 devices. [MOD] UnBloatMi - Xiaomi MIUI Bloatware Remover. More Xiaomi Redmi Pro Themes, Apps, and Mods Threads. More Xiaomi Redmi Pro Accessories Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Pro 32gb 4g Phablet Xiaomi Redmi Pro 4g Redmi Pro 32gb Xiaomi Redmi 3gb 32gb. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. Related Recommendations Recommended Products for You. Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought. Xiaomi Redmi Pro 32GB 4G Phablet. Android 6.0 5.5 inch 2.5D Arc Screen Helio X20 Deca Core 1.39GHz 3GB RAM Fingerprint Scanner 13.0MP Dual Rear Camera Bluetooth 4.2. Shipping fee will not be included in the instalment amount. Orders contain interest-free products and other Non-interest-free products will not enjoy insterest-free privilege. Receipient’s address must be Brazil to use instalment. OnePlus 5T 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Mi 6 4G Smartphone International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 4G Phablet. LeEco Le S3 X626 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 5.5 inch 4G Phablet. Xiaomi Redmi Pro 32GB 4G Phablet. Get these Essentials for Your Product. Tips: This version smartphones has built-in Chinese applications Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item. Notice: This Android/Windows device is designed to function specifically with the current Android/Windows OS installed on it. Any alterations such as upgrades, modding with custom ROMs, rooting or flashing the Android device with other firmware will automatically void the device's warranty. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Android 6.0 5.5 inch 4G Phablet Helio X20 Deca Core 1.39GHz 3GB RAM 32GB ROM Fingerprint Scanner 13.0MP Dual Rear Camera Bluetooth 4.2 Main Features: Display: 5.5 inch 2.5D Arc FHD screen (1920 x 1080 pixels) CPU: Helio X20 Deca Core 1.39GHz System: Android 6.0 ( MIUI 7 and above ) RAM + ROM: 3GB RAM + 32GB ROM Max Storage Expansion: 128GB Camera: Dual back camera 13.0MP with AF and flashlight + front camera 3.7MP (SW 5.0MP) Bluetooth: 4.2 Nevigation: GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS Sensor: G-sensor, Proximity sensor, Ambient light senor SIM Card: Dual SIM dual standby, ome is Micro SIM card, the other is Nano SIM card Network: 2G: GSM 900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE 850/900/1800/2100/2600MHz. SIM Card Slot: Dual SIM,Dual Standby. SIM Card Type: Micro SIM Card,Nano SIM Card. External Memory: TF card up to 128GB (not included). Screen resolution: 1920 x 1080 (FHD). Back camera: 13.0MP,with AF,with flash light. Camera Functions: Face Beauty,Face Detection,HDR,Panorama Shot. I/O Interface: 1 x Micro SIM Card Slot,1 x Nano SIM Card Slot,3.5mm Audio Out Port,TF/Micro SD Card Slot,Type-C. Sensor: Accelerometer,Ambient Light Sensor,Gravity Sensor,Hall Sensor,Proximity Sensor. Product size: 15.15 x 7.62 x 0.82 cm / 5.96 x 3 x 0.32 inches. Package size: 18.00 x 12.00 x 6.00 cm / 7.09 x 4.72 x 2.36 inches. Download your favorite apps through the Google Play Store or Market installed. Note: This smart phone is designed only to work with the current Android/Windows OS installed in it. Any alterations such as upgrades or flashing a newer version will void the warranty. The stated ROM amount shows the maximum available ROM with nothing installed. However, the Android/Windows OS and pre-installed software from the manufacturer will occupy some of this ROM. The available ROM on the device will therefore be slightly less than the ROM listed.. FAQ for Xiaomi Redmi Pro 32GB 4G Phablet. Sponsored Products Related to This Item. Will this phone work in my country?. What is the IMEI number of this device?. How to revive any dead phone battery?. Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available?. Why can't I hear any sound when making or receiving a call?. Can this item be shipped to my country?. What is the SAR value of the phone?. This is based on the phone network frequency bands, for more details:. 4 steps to know whether a phone will work in your country. We cannot provide IMEI (international mobile equipment identity) numbers because each cell phone will be given a unique set of numbers after its assembly, We can't open the packaging.. Related post about finding Xiaomi smartphone IMEI:. There are four ways to revive dead phone battery, refer to post:. 4 secret ways to revive any dead phone battery. Related post: Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available. Make sure the protective film has been removed completely;. Try to turn up the volume of the handset;. Try to change mobile signal in your area might be poor;. If you cannot hear the voice of the receiver, it might be the problem of the receiver's phone or signal.. We can deliver orders to most countries. For a detailed explanation of each shipping method, destination and approximate delivery time, please check our website:. GearBest shipping memo: save money on delivery by choosing the best option. We have listed the SAR value of some cell phones, you can refer to it:. when this smartphone will be available again?. By Emma Oct-20/2017 05:10:10. We regret to inform you that this item is no longer available.. Please check out our other amazing items here: http://www.gearbest.com/new-products/. Grab our best deals here: http://www.gearbest.com/gadget-deals.html. when this smartphone will be available again?. By Andrei Oct-08/2017 11:10:09. Hello Andrei, We are sorry this item out of stock.. Hi, what does this smartphone work in Brazil?. About it being the Chinese version and in English, is there a possibility to change the ROM so that it has Portuguese?. By Dieguitto_RS Oct-06/2017 12:10:44. It is not ok to have Portuguese.. i would like to know more about the warranty on this product.. By raphael Jun-01/2017 03:06:38. Hello raphael Please read our full warranty terms here: http://www.gearbest.com/about/warranty-and-return.html. Hi, will you be getting more stock of this product? If you are, do you know by when? Thanks!. By Keagan Apr-23/2017 01:04:04. Please note that this item is now in stock in China warehouse.. Be free to order it if you like.. By Silvio Apr-23/2017 08:04:34. можно узнать есть ли в этом телефоне русский язык , хочу купить этот телефон. By олесь Apr-23/2017 04:04:06. I am sending this because I would like to know the SAR values of the Xiaomi Redmi Pro 32GB 4G item. By ybat Apr-02/2017 01:04:32. Hello ybat The SAR values is 0.416W/kg.. By adalid padron Mar-29/2017 12:03:46. What does it means that the phone has built-in chinese app?. By Enrica Mar-24/2017 04:03:35. Hello Enrica, It means the phone comes with Chinese apps. Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 8 Next Go To : GO. Hi, what does this smartphone work in Brazil?. About it being the Chinese version and in English, is there a possibility to change the ROM so that it has Portuguese?. By Dieguitto_RS Oct-06/2017 12:10:44. It is not ok to have Portuguese.. можно узнать есть ли в этом телефоне русский язык , хочу купить этот телефон. By олесь Apr-23/2017 04:04:06. I am sending this because I would like to know the SAR values of the Xiaomi Redmi Pro 32GB 4G item. By ybat Apr-02/2017 01:04:32. Hello ybat The SAR values is 0.416W/kg.. By adalid padron Mar-29/2017 12:03:46. What does it means that the phone has built-in chinese app?. By Enrica Mar-24/2017 04:03:35. Hello Enrica, It means the phone comes with Chinese apps. is this mobile work in india. By Bhavesh Rathor Mar-21/2017 09:03:41. Hello Bhavesh Unlocked For Worldwide use.Please ensure local area network is compatible for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. By Lahdo Soma Mar-17/2017 03:03:07. Hello Lahdo, This item is Android 6.0.. Hi, this product come with rom international..or spanish language??. By Cesar Mar-11/2017 09:03:15. This phone is a Chinese and English version. It does not support Spanish language.. If you are good at English, you should not miss it.. Thanks for your inquiry and support.. does this phone support OTA update? thank you. By Ade Mar-11/2017 07:03:27. can I get the 64gb version and what is cost. By peter Mar-09/2017 06:03:37. We do not have the 64GB version. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 Next Go To : GO. when this smartphone will be available again?. By Emma Oct-20/2017 05:10:10. We regret to inform you that this item is no longer available.. Please check out our other amazing items here: http://www.gearbest.com/new-products/. Grab our best deals here: http://www.gearbest.com/gadget-deals.html. when this smartphone will be available again?. By Andrei Oct-08/2017 11:10:09. Hello Andrei, We are sorry this item out of stock.. Hi, will you be getting more stock of this product? If you are, do you know by when? Thanks!. By Keagan Apr-23/2017 01:04:04. Please note that this item is now in stock in China warehouse.. Be free to order it if you like.. By Silvio Apr-23/2017 08:04:34. i would like to buy this item but it appears like out of stock, However it presents with 107 pieces left.. By Pedro Miguel Jan-18/2017 09:01:49. Hello Pedro, The phone is currently available. You are welcome to place orders.. Thank you for your support and inquiry.. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Do you ship to Netherlands and is there any additional tax fee on custom_? I dont know about the custom regulations in Netherlands. Thanks in advance for any replies.. By volkan Mar-08/2017 04:03:10. Hello volkan, Yes, we can ship it to Netherlands.. Unfortunately, taxes on all our products are subject to the local customs policy. The customer is solely responsible for customs tax and any other customs related charges if any exist. Please feel free to consult your local customs office for more details before ordering. If i order this phone to Portugal via Priority Line. Spain Express do I have to pay customs fees?. By João Mendes Mar-05/2017 05:03:09. Hello João, Unfortunately, taxes on all our products are subject to the local customs policy. The customer is solely responsible for customs tax and any other customs related charges if any exist. Please feel free to consult your local customs office for more details before ordering. soy de republica dominicana y si compro el celular mediante un agente de courier o casillero en miami que tiempo tardaria en llegar ami país?. By dmx Jan-22/2017 06:01:34. We main engage in online business for now.. Please feel free to make your order.. Thank you, Let me know if you need any help.. Hi, do you ship this item to Chile?. By Mario Aug-27/2016 08:08:22. We can ship to Chile, usually, we ship everywhere in the world from the CN warehouse.. i would like to know more about the warranty on this product.. By raphael Jun-01/2017 03:06:38. Hello raphael Please read our full warranty terms here: http://www.gearbest.com/about/warranty-and-return.html. is it able to work in Italy?. By stefano Mar-07/2017 10:03:25. Hello stefano, Yes, it works in Italy.. Are phone supports Arabic Language and networks Egyptian. By fass Feb-18/2017 06:02:47. Sorry, it only supports English and Chinese.. Network: 2G: GSM 900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE 850/900/1800/2100/2600MHz. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here: http://maps.mobileworldlive.com/ for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. Does it have a UK adapter if not is it usb c?. By Bradley Croucher Jan-12/2017 10:01:51. We will send an adaptor according to the order's country of delivery.. salve ma la garanzia è quella italiana o quella cinese?se il telefono è difettoso o è rotto a chi bisogna rivolgersi?. By massimo Aug-23/2016 09:08:52. E 'con un anno di garanzia (Gearbest). Si prega gentilmente di rivedere la nostra garanzia qui: http://www.gearbest.com/about/warranty-and-return.html. Qualsiasi problema si può sentire liberi di contattarci dal vostro ordine, noi risolvere il problema.. 71 Questions & Answers View All. Elephone P8 3D 4G Phablet 4GB RAM. Elephone P4000 MTK6735 64bit Android 5.1 4G LTE Sm.... Elephone Blitz Qualcomm Certification 3.0 Power Ad.... Original Elephone U Pro Fast Charger Adapter. Original Elephone PU Leather Full Body Case Protec.... Original Elephone U Scratch-resistant PC Back Case. Original Elephone U / U Pro Scratch-resistant Prot.... Original Elephone U PRO Scratch-resistant Cover Case. Original Elephone Anti-drop TPU Phone Back Case fo.... Base on 151 Customer Reviews. Share your thoughts with other customers Write a review. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: buen diseño y acabado excelente , personalizacion adecuada pero la camara falta que deberian cofigurarlo mejor Cons: buen diseño y acabado excelente , personalizacion adecuada pero la camara falta que deberian cofigurarlo mejor. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: robusto y de gran calidad. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: celular top com preço de intermediário. bateria perfeita para quem gosta de jogos. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Good camera, good screen, fast fingerprint unlock, battery last for 2 days medium use. Cons: Bad ROM: too much Chinese characters and apps in English Version.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Es el teléfono xiaomi mas bonito y con mejor pantalla amoles, las cámaras son increíbles y su batería dura unas 7 horas de pantalla activa. Cons: No cuenta con banda 2 y 4 LTE. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Very Cast Looks nice Cons: Doesnt contain play store Heating problems. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Cons: Maybe small screen for some people.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Nice screen Great performance Well-built Cons: None. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 16 Next Go To : GO. Pros: robusto y de gran calidad. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Es el teléfono xiaomi mas bonito y con mejor pantalla amoles, las cámaras son increíbles y su batería dura unas 7 horas de pantalla activa. Cons: No cuenta con banda 2 y 4 LTE. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Aparelho intermediário, cumpre o seu papel, bateria muito bom Câmera dupla muito top Cons: Nao vem Rom Global. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Very fast with no laging issue Cons: Heating prblm. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: 3GB RAM and 32GB ROM, 11sensors plus finger print Cons: Camera lacks low light performance. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: excelente telemóvel boa câmera muito rápido Cons: nenhum mesmo após vários meses de o ter adquirido. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: high quality build , the best Smartphone within these prices, Great finish. Fingerprint sensor is very fast Cons: soft is chinese and the google play app needs to be installed manually. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: excelent screen very good camera fast no lag Cons: no wifi 5g. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: great device great quality durable phone great camera Cons: none. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). muito rapido e bem construido Cons: Nenhum motivo. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 8 Next Go To : GO. Pros: amazing display good battery life build quaility Cons: cameras could be better. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Tela oled faz toda diferença, muito linda. Seu corpo em metal escovado tbm é muito lindo. Coloquei a rom brasileira e está top. Cons: Gaveta do cartão poderia aceitar 2 chips sim e micri sd ao mesmo tempo.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: diseño muy estilizado, buena memoria, buena camara Cons: ninguna. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Excelente custo benefício, acabamento de telemóveis Premium. Cons: O aparelho esquenta um pouco mas nada que encomode.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Grande, bonito, potente, som alto, tela com alto nível de contraste e cores. Cons: A parte traseira aparenta ser delicada (aparenta ser).. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Mas por tu dinero: xiaomi redmi pro. Pros: -acabado premium -buen costo-beneficio -doble camara -pantalla amoled -aplicaciones dual Cons: -ROM solo en ingles y chino -no red 4g para mi pais -es incomodo el bisel de la parte de abajo al momento te sostenerlo en la mano. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). El mejor celular que he tenido!. bueno y bonito -Pantalla amoled, mejor ahorro de energia, gran visualizacion -doble camara -bateria con autonomia de 4050 mhA -USB tipo C -Carga rapida -Diseño Premium -Modo una solo mano Cons: -Se siente pesado en la mano despues de cierto tiempo, es dificil usar con una sola mano -Sin la funda es incomodo sostenerlo de la parte de abajo, porque el bisel no permite un buen agarre. -Con la bateria pareciera que te da una gran autonomia pero normal solo un dia. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Английский язык, конечно есть, но это только текст. В моём случае (а я наглухо любитель) - 3 вечера (2+2+4 часа). А потом - см фото ## 2, 3. Обработка заявки на разблокировку - 10 часов. Не понял про быструю зарядку: по факту 5V-1.8 А. Это быстрая? Бля, у меня все телефоны (8шт) с 2013-го года заряжаются не быстрее чем за 2 и не медленее чем 3 часа. Чем эта быстрая отличается от, например JiaYu G4 Add (2013), который заряжался 2:45? Cons: см выше. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Buen móvil para el precio que tiene. Pros: - Pantalla OLED de muchísima calidad, me sorprendió gratamente - Buen Audio, alto y claro - Bonito diseño - Muy rápido - La Cámara hace buenas fotos aveces Cons: - La cámara enfoca cuando le da la gana - La doble cámara no sirve para nada, el efecto Boke es penoso - La duracion de la bateria aunque tiene mucha, no rinde lo suficientemente bien - No tiene Rom Oficial Global y para ponerlo en español tuve que instalarle una Xiaomi.eu. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: impresionante calidad de acabados, es precioso. Potente y bonito, único Cons: solo rom en ingles y chino, toca desbloquearlo y ponerle una rom global. Is this helpful? Yes ( 1 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 Next Go To : GO. After confirming your payment, we usually ship products out within 24 business hours. However, sometimes due to large transaction volumes or other order issues, we may require up to 3 working days to process orders. You will receive a notification email as soon as your product(s) have been dispatched.. Unregistered Air Mail or Registered Air Mail. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. Netherlands, Greece, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. GW Warehouse: Typically 3-5 days to the UK, 3-7 days to other European countries. USA Warehouse: Generally, 3-7 days to a USA address. ES Warehouse: Generally, 2-5 days to the Spain, 3-7 days to the Portugal. Shipping from warehouse nearest to shipping address is faster. Note: The above shipping time are calculated by using calendar days. This is a general guide and delays maybe caused force majeure, natural disasters, inclement weather, war, public holidays, and factors outside our control. The most convenient payment method in the world.. For orders which exceed $1,500,please contact us at support@gearbest.com. Note: please email us the order number,the amount transferred along with currency type,and the exact date of the wire transfer.. Please contact us at support@gearbest.com for details. Note: please email us the following information after you have paid via Westem Union: · Control Number(10 digits) · The exact amount sent along with the currency · Name of sender. There are two key factors which will affect the time you receive your items.. Gearbest.com accepts PayPal,Credit Cards,Wire Transfer and Westem Union as secure payment methods.. *Please let us know as much as possible about your inquiry so that we can assist you with your specific needs. We are always happy to help wherever possible.. Please note: the standard and expedited shipping costs are only estimates; the actual shipping price will be shown on the order page.. At Gearbest we work hard to ensure we can offer our customers high quality products at the lowest possible price. If you purchase a Gearbest product and find that the price has dropped within 72 hours of paying the order, we will refund the difference - no questions asked. Simply contact our Customer Service team at our Support Center with the details. Please note that our 72 hours Price Protection Program does not apply to Flash Deal products.. Prices may fluctuate due to page caches, updates or sales ending; the most up-to-date price takes priority.. ALL prices listed on GearBest exclude taxes, import fees, and customs duties. Customers may be subject to these fees.. Vaild for 72 Hour(s) after receiving.please check it in your GB Account - My Coupon .. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
Xiaomi proves dual-camera smartphone fun doesn’t need to cost a fortune. The Redmi Pro has two camera lenses for twice the fun, all at half the price of the competition.. The Redmi Pro has two camera lenses for twice the fun, all at half the price of the competition.. The Redmi Pro has two camera lenses for twice the fun, all at half the price of the competition.. Fun, easy to use dual-lens camera. The design thickens with a giant battery inside. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. You can’t buy a phone made by Xiaomi at Best Buy or through your local AT&T or T-Mobile store, but the Chinese brand now has a significant enough following (even amongst people who don’t consider themselves smartphone geeks) to attract interest. Xiaomi phones have a reputation of being well built, well priced, and seriously desirable.. The Redmi Pro is one of its latest Xiaomi phones, and it has a dual-camera setup just like the Huawei P9 , the Honor 8 , and of course, the Apple iPhone 7 Plus. Except it’s yours for $250 if you go to an importer, and that’s a lot less than any of its competitors’ phones will cost you.. The price is tempting enough to make you consider the Redmi Pro, but the question is, should you spend the money and time to import the phone? We’ve been using the Redmi Pro to find out.. There will be many who look at the Redmi Pro and think, “This is the way all smartphones should look.” It’s not super slim, but it’s made from aluminum and the screen has thin bezels. There’s almost no branding at all, aside from the Mi logo on the rear, and the fingerprint sensor is mounted inside the home button. The speaker grills on the base sit on either side of a USB Type-C connector, and there’s a 3.5mm headphone jack on the opposite end, with an infrared blaster for company.. It’s 8.2mm thick because it packs a massive 4,050mAh battery. The trade-off of a thicker frame for a larger battery is one many will be happy to accept. It doesn’t make the Redmi Pro unwieldy, and the gentle curve of the rear panel — which echoes the gorgeous Xiaomi Mi 5 Pro’s. body — means it fits happily in the palm of your hand. At 174 grams, it’s not the lightest phone, but it’s comfortable and compact enough to slip into your pocket. There’s a big screen fitted to this phone, but the body shrinks around it.. Our review model came in a brushed silver finish, but there is also a gold option, and it looks superb. The silver is brighter and shinier than the Honor 5X, for example, but it does attract smears and fingerprints easily. The home button incorporates the fingerprint sensor, but it’s an actual button, and you have to press it for the sensor to activate.. The metal body makes it cool to the touch and cool to look at. The Redmi Pro dismisses the super-slim frames seen on many premium phones, says bigger is equally beautiful, and it’s hard to disagree.. Dual cameras are very popular right now. HTC started the craze, Huawei, ZTE, Honor, LG, and Apple have all continued it. The dual camera setup on the Redmi Pro consists of a 13-megapixel main lens and secondary 5-megapixel lens for capturing depth-of-field data, resulting in photos that can be manipulated to give that blurred bokeh effect.. The way it works is simple. In the camera app, tap the lens icon to enter what it calls Stereo mode, where you can adjust the aperture manually to achieve the desired level of blur. Tapping on the screen moves the focal point, and sliding a finger up and down over the focus icon changes the ISO. This live view makes taking bokeh pictures very easy. It allows you greater opportunity for composing strong photos, instead of saving the picture and messing around with focal points afterwards. Editing the image later on and saving multiple copies, is still possible, though.. The metal body makes it cool to the touch and cool to look at.. If you want great looking bokeh pictures on a budget, the Redmi Pro delivers. Closer examination reveals less than perfect edges around the in-focus objects, but you do have to look carefully. Most importantly, the live view lets you get really creative, and it’s possible to take some really fantastic pictures using the Redmi Pro. It’s a fun, very easy to use feature.. In comparison, bokeh pictures taken with the Huawei P9 and iPhone 7 Plus are of a higher quality, but remember the Redmi Pro costs a third of the price.. You’ll be happy with the images it takes during the day. It adores sunny days, and captures blue skies vividly, but is a little less competent in low-light due to an f/2.0 aperture. The phone has an excellent HDR mode, a panorama mode, and a basic manual mode where ISO and white balance can be adjusted.. You can flip to the front camera to take 5-megapixel selfies. The Redmi Pro has a variation on the traditional beauty mode, consisting of three settings to make your face appear less like it is in real life. There is an option to turn off all the enhancements, but you won’t want to do that after seeing what it does in Smart mode.. Smart mode changes the smoothness of your skin, its tone, and slims down your face in just the right parts. If that’s not enough, Pro mode puts you in control of all three aspects. The results are good, and Smart mode prevents that awful plastic look that sometimes comes with beauty modes, to the point where it could be used without feeling like a fraud.. The dual camera on the Redmi Pro is a solid reason to buy the phone, and the selfie cam a pleasant bonus.. The Redmi Pro is the first Xiaomi phone with an AMOLED screen, which is 5.5-inches and has a 1,920 x 1,080 pixel resolution. Performance is excellent, and streaming video looks great. The phone runs Android 6.0, but it’s very well hidden underneath Xiaomi’s MIUI 8.0 user interface, which changes the look of Google’s operating system quite dramatically.. MIUI 8.0 is very colorful, showing off the beauty of the AMOLED screen well, but it’ll be a shock to the system for anyone used to Android on a Nexus or Motorola phone. Like Huawei’s and ZTE’s user interfaces, MIUI does away with the app drawer, so all app icons are spread across various home screens. The notification shade is still there, but the shortcuts are presented in a scrolling list, and there’s a weather report above them.. It’s possible to take some really fantastic pictures using the Redmi Pro.. Our review unit of the Redmi Pro came without Google Play installed, so it had Xiaomi’s Mi app store instead. Side-loading Google Play is a straightforward exercise that took less than 15 minutes and provided access to all the usual Google apps and services.. However, you can buy the Redmi Pro as an International version, with Google Play already installed. We definitely recommend you go with the international one if you bother to import it. You will also want to add Google’s own keyboard to the Redmi Pro, too, because the MIUI one is optimised for use in China, and can be confusing and awkward to use. Don’t worry about the rest of the phone though, it’s all in English.. Xiaomi loads MIUI up with a lot of its own apps, ranging from the Mi smart home app, Mi Wallet for mobile payments, and quick access to its own music and video stores, to demo games and productivity apps. All but a few baked-in apps (such as Mi Wallet and the calendar) can be deleted, though.. There are many more features hidden behind the scenes. Dig through the settings to find a nighttime-friendly reading mode, a work and personal mode called Second Space, a shortcut button that stays on top of all home screens called Quick Ball, and much more. Xiaomi’s MIUI is highly customisable, so if you don’t like what you see, it can almost certainly be altered if you’re willing to put in the time.. MIUI has a very active online community, so any problems are often easy to solve, and advice is readily available. Xiaomi is also very quick to include Google’s Android security updates. Our Redmi Pro has the September Android security patch already installed in October, for example, way ahead of many other Android smartphones. It’s less likely to receive a timely update to Android 7.0 Nougat though, at least until Xiaomi gets MIUI working with the new version.. The lack of timely software version updates certainly cramps the Redmi Pro’s style, but we’re glad to see the security updates are coming in on time. Overall, MIUI is different to standard Android, but it’s not unpleasant to use, looks really pretty, and is fast, smooth, and completely customizable. That’s how many cores the processor inside the Redmi Pro has. It’s the MediaTek Helio X20 with 3GB of RAM, and it has been around since early 2015, although it hasn’t been a common sight in smartphones available internationally. We’ve been using the standard edition of the Redmi Pro, and if you want more power, there’s a version of it with the newer Helio X25 inside.. Lots of cores must mean lots of power, right? The Redmi Pro doesn’t disappoint. MIUI is snappy and smooth, and the processor happily plays the latest games at a sensible frame rate. Motorcycling game Traffic Rider rides well, and trusty bullet-hell shooter Danmaku Unlimited doesn’t slow down with the HD setting on and in both Normal and hyper-busy Hard mode.. The complex camera app is reliable, and although it does take a moment to process photos after hitting the shutter button, the editing and focus shift feature work without delay.. It will receive 2G and 3G signals on AT&T and T-Mobile, but isn’t compatible with the 4G network.. It’s not all good news, though, and the MediaTek X20 can get hot, Not so much when playing games, but more so when using some of Xiaomi’s online apps. There’s never any concern the phone will overheat, but it’s definitely warm to the touch at the top of the rear panel. This leads us onto the battery, which may suffer from either poor optimization or the build up of that heat.. A 4,050mAh battery should return plenty of energy to make a moderately sized smartphone for a couple of days. We found that using the phone seriously — that’s the camera, benchmarks, games, and social networking — for an afternoon gobbled up 40 percent of the battery. It was hard to get more than a day’s worth of hard use out of the Redmi Pro, which was a disappointment. We’re not convinced this is an unfixable problem, and it’s one that may be improved with software updates. Also, under more modest use, the battery lasts for nearly two working days. For now, though, the expectation presented by a 4,050mAh battery isn’t quite realized.. The Redmi Pro’s battery suffers another blow because it doesn’t have any fast charging system. Plug it in and it takes at least two hours to charge.. Importing a phone presents some unique challenges. The first, and probably most important thing, is will it work on available networks? The Redmi Pro that’s currently available is a Chinese GSM smartphone, so it will receive 2G and 3G signals on AT&T and T-Mobile, but isn’t compatible with the 4G network. It’s slightly different in the U.K., where it has partial 4G connectivity. We tested the phone using Three’s network in the U.K., and while it did grab 4G in London, the 3G signal was often its preference.. It’s a shame, because we can’t recommend you buy the phone since it doesn’t support 4G in the States.. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Compared To. The next problem is what to do if the phone is broken when it arrives, or you need to claim on the warranty. Our review Redmi Pro was supplied by GearBest.com , a popular online retailer specialising in Chinese technology. Purchased through GearBest , the phone comes with a three-day dead-on-arrival warranty, a 45-day money back guarantee if the phone should be faulty during that time, plus a one-year warranty to cover against defects. If you’ve changed the software, taken the phone apart, or if it breaks due to mistreatment, then it won’t be covered. You’re also responsible for some of the shipping fees in some situations.. The Xiaomi Redmi Pro is available through GearBest for just under $250 with free shipping. Other electronics importers offer it, too. Of course, importing a phone also means if you have questions, want advice, or any other service you’ll have to do this by email with the company through which you bought it.. The Xiaomi Redmi Pro boasts the latest dual-camera tech, wrapped up in a stylish metal body, all for $250 without a contract and unlocked. However, if you’re in the U.S. and require 4G connectivity, then the current version of the Redmi Pro isn’t the phone for you. Xiaomi does release “global” phones with wider bandwidth compatibility, and GearBest informed us that such a version is expected, but it won’t come just yet.. The highly competitive price makes finding an alternative quite a challenge. is the closest competitor, although it won’t match the Redmi Pro in the camera department. A little cheaper is the Honor 5X , and even cheaper still is the Honor 5C , but neither offers the strong spec that makes the Redmi Pro desirable. Go a little older, and the impressive Moto X Play. can be found for a bargain price. It’s a similar story for the HTC One A9, a 2015 phone that costs much less than its original $500 price tag today.. Xiaomi Mi Band 2 Heart Rate Monitor. SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card. If you have more money hidden away, then the Honor 8. is close to the Redmi Pro, while being easier to buy, easier to live with, and just as easy on the eye. Except it’s $400, and that’s quite the jump. It’s the same for the dual-camera Huawei P9, which is on average $600, and the iPhone 7 Plus, which is at least $750.. Xiaomi is dedicated to software updates, and we consider its phones to be one of the better options outside Google’s camp if you always want to stay completely up to date in terms of security patches. That’s not the case for version changes though, which will be slower than those for Pixel and Nexus phones.. The Redmi Pro’s not water resistant, and no more durable than any other regular smartphone made today, so if you drop it, especially in water, there could be a big repair bill involved. Otherwise, the specification is strong, there’s 64GB of internal memory and a MicroSD card slot, so if you treat it well the phone has years of use ahead of it.. No, not if you live in the U.S. The lack of 4G connectivity in the U.S. The phone is great, the camera extremely competent, and its special features highly enticing. Add in that we don’t have to spend much to buy it, and under any other circumstances, we’d be telling you to rush out and buy it right now. Sadly, the lack of connectivity makes the Redmi Pro a no go.. Keep an eye out for a revised version with proper global connectivity, and then you may be able to pick up a real super camera phone bargain.. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. OnePlus 5T will only play HD Netflix if you send it in for service. Galaxy S9 US pre-orders focus on trade-in deals. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. Xiaomi's Redmi Pro does OLED and dual camera on a budget. Affordable Chinese smartphones are becoming more fun than ever.. Just because Xiaomi is selling Segways , drones , bicycles and rice cookers these days doesn't mean that it's forgotten what it started off with years ago: mobile phones. Today, the Chinese company announced the Redmi Pro which is the latest smartphone in its entry-level portfolio. As suggested by the name, this Android 6.0 device packs some surprising features that make it stand out from its predecessors: This is the first time that Xiaomi's featuring an OLED display plus a dual-camera setup on a device, which is a surprising move given that these are headed to the affordable Redmi line instead of the flagship Mi line. The price? From 1,499 yuan which is about $225.. Gallery: Xiaomi Redmi Pro hands-on | 17 Photos. The Redmi Pro comes in a gold- or silver-colored brushed metallic unibody -- a real bonus at this price point -- and packs a 5.5-inch 1080p OLED display (with full NTSC gamut), a fingerprint reader plus a 5-megapixel selfie camera on the front side. Flip it over and you'll find a Mi 5 -like curved back sans glass, along with a dual camera featuring a 13-megapixel Sony IMX258 main sensor plus a 5-megapixel Samsung assistive sensor for bokeh effects. Like many earlier dual-camera phones, here you can change the focus point on the image even after capturing; and there's a dual-tone LED flash, too. There's also a generous 4,050mAh battery inside -- similar to the one in the very recent Redmi 3S -- with fast charging via the USB Type-C port. Likewise, the Redmi Pro has the same IR blaster as the Redmi 3S which lets you control your TV and home appliances.. Given the base price point, it's no surprise that the Redmi Pro is powered by a MediaTek chipset. The base spec starts with the 10-core Helio X20 plus 32GB of storage and 3GB of RAM (1,499 yuan/about $225), followed by the faster Helio X25, 64GB of storage plus 3GB of RAM (1,699 yuan/about $255), and capping with the same chipset, 128GB of storage plus 4GB of RAM (1,999 yuan/about $300). As with most Chinese and Indian smartphones these days, the Redmi Pro is a dual-SIM 4G+ device (VoLTE supported), though you can also use the second SIM slot to add a microSD card instead.. 1.21 Redmi devices were sold every second over the past three years.. For those who aren't familiar, Xiaomi launched the Redmi line back in 2013 to tap into the low-end market, i.e. the sub-1,000 yuan or $150 price point. This was achieved with minimal advertising plus cheaper components, but without sacrificing build quality (and hopefully reliability). Unsurprisingly, the sub-brand has done very well in terms of volume -- a total of 110 million Redmi devices have been sold as of July 11th, meaning 1.21 units were sold every second over the past three years.. The Redmi Pro marks a significant change for the sub-brand as it's the first Xiaomi product to feature celebrity spokespersons (which obviously requires money) plus traditional advertisements across the country (I saw them at the bus stations and elevators in Beijing). With that plus the extra features in mind, it's no wonder that the Redmi Pro's prices far exceed those of its predecessors. Such move appears to be taking a page out of the books of local rivals Huawei, Oppo and Vivo -- all of which beat Xiaomi in global shipment volumes earlier this year -- who are well-versed in conventional marketing tactics plus offline retail in their home country. This works particularly well in the second- and third-tier Chinese cities, which are no doubt where the Redmi brand performs well.. Unfortunately, there's no word on when to expect the Redmi Pro to hit the markets outside China, but we're pretty sure it'll eventually land in India plus other developing markets. Or you can just fly yourself to China for a quick shopping trip, if you don't mind taking a break from Pokémon Go for a few days.. china , dualcamera , gear , hands-on , heliox20 , heliox25 , imx258 , mobile , oled , phone , redmi , redmipro , smartphone , xiaomi. 'Papers, Please' official short film recreates the game's bleak tone. Arztotzka has never been so glorious.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. Tesla's electric trucks may be more cost-effective than expected. DHL thinks it could recoup the money in just a year and a half.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
SUBSCRIBE! News, promos, new products!. This website is set up and operated by NIS LLC. for the benefit of the Mi. hereby states that this website is dedicated, but. or any of its affiliated entity to sell products of Xiaomi Inc.. 
Xiaomi Redmi Pro specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (64). 5.5" LTPS-AMOLED display of 1080p resolution; 403ppi. MediaTek Helio X20; Standard 10-core processor at 2.1GHz (Standard edition); 3GB of RAM; Mali-T880 MP4 GPU at 700MHz ( the one we're reviewing ). High and Exclusive editions with Helio X25 - 10-core processor at 2.5GHz; 3GB (High) or 4GB (Exclusive) of RAM; Mali-T880 MP4 GPU at 850MHz. Storage: 32GB (Standard), 64GB (High) or 128GB (Exclusive); microSD support, hybrid slot shared with 2nd SIM. Dual SIM, LTE, Wi-Fi b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.1, USB Type-C; IR blaster. Dual 13MP + 5MP rear camera with PDAF, f2.0 aperture, dual LED flash; depth and other effects; 1080p video, 720p @ 120fps. 5 megapixel front camera, f2.0 aperture; 1080p video. Fingerprint sensor on the Home key. Hybrid DualSIM/microSD card slot limits options on the dual-SIM model. No Quick charge 2.0/3.0 support, just 5V/2A charging. The dual camera, of course (but same photo and video resolution). AMOLED screen - better contrast and color accuracy. Options with overclocked chipsets, more storage, and RAM. No fast charging; but USB Type-C instead of microUSB 2.0. Metal bodies of the same size and weight; virtually identical battery. Higher price (~40% for the respective 3GB/64GB versions). Xiaomi phones have a strict social structure, almost like royalty. Mi phones are the ruling princes, Redmis are the barons below them. Add 'Note' to the title and get half an inch of extra screen size in either tier.. That makes the Xiaomi Redmi Pro a rebel, the first of its kind. Perhaps the Pro name signifies the flagship chipset it uses but this begs the question, if this is the Pro, which Redmi phone is the vanilla version? It also has a 5.5-inch screen yet it doesn't carry a Note moniker. You can easily see why we struggled finding the right place for the Redmi Pro in the Xiaomi portfolio. Last, but not the least, this outside-the-box phone comes with a selection of unique features to match its attitude.. The dual-camera is the most recognizable one. This isn't a wide-angle lens like the LG G5 or a B&W camera like the Huawei P9. The second eye adds depth perception, used for a number of effects in the camera. The Redmi Pro is also Xiaomi's first dip into AMOLED, but it's not a familiar Samsung panel. Instead, it's a native Chinese panel from EverDisplay.. With its metal build and similar features, you may be wondering why not get an orthodox Redmi Note 4 instead? Let's break it down.. Alright, so there's some confusion in the ranks. But, honestly, once your eyes get used to AMOLED blacks, it's hard to go back. Of course, we haven't tested an EverDisplay AMOLED before - will it be as good as Samsung's Super AMOLED?. Xiaomi Redmi Pro next to the Redmi Note 4. And the dual camera is always good for neat tricks, though it adds little to regular photography. HTC's efforts on this front were met with apathy (sort of like its 3D efforts), can Xiaomi really hope to do better?. And is all that worth the price bump? Well, let's first check that screen, shall we? And we'll get to the camera too.. Special thanks to HonorBuy for providing the review unit.. Xiaomi Redmi Pro specification User opinions and reviews Review comments (64). Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi to unveil Mi Mix 2S with Snapdragon 845 on March 27. Gartner: Smartphone sales declined for first time ever in Q4 2017. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro sells out in seconds. Xiaomi Mi Max 3 to come with wireless charging and iris scanner. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 arrives today: 5 things to know. The State of 5G: When It's Coming, How Fast It Will Be & The Sci-Fi Future It Will Enable. Samsung unveils its camera-focused Galaxy S9 handsets. A second save slot in Metal Gear Survive costs $10. Solid Mid Range Hardware, But There Are. One of the most interesting companies in the smartphone market is Xiaomi. While the Chinese smartphone manufacturer largely sticks to selling devices in its homeland, people around the globe import significant quantities of Xiaomi products due to their low, competitive prices.. The Xiaomi Redmi Pro is one such product that immediately caught the eye of many budget smartphone hunters. It packs a 5.5-inch 1080p AMOLED, a dual-camera system for refocusing and creating bokeh effects, a massive 4,050 mAh battery, and a decent MediaTek Helio X20 SoC with 32 GB of storage. All of this can be had for just under $250 from Gearbest .. Gearbest provided TechSpot with the Xiaomi Redmi Pro to review. Use coupon code miPro to get the Redmi Pro 32 GB for $242.99 , or code miRedmiPro to get the 64GB variant for just $247.99. Shipping is free to most countries.. Or check out their full range of smartphones , we think there’s some great deals to be found.. While the hardware can seem great on paper, I’ve seen my fair share of Chinese devices that fail to live up to their specs, or include software packages that aren’t localized or butcher Android itself. The Redmi Pro falls in the latter category, so prepare yourself: if you want a decent experience outside of China, you might need to tweak the software to get things working correctly.. That’s not to say you should completely ignore the Redmi Pro. There’s actually a few things to like about what Xiaomi is providing for such a low price, particularly as far as the hardware is concerned. But for Westerners this phone falls into enthusiast category, so casual users that want a perfect phone out of the box should perhaps opt for something else.. So what are the hardware aspects to the Redmi Pro that make it a phone worth considering? Let’s start with the design, because what Xiaomi has implemented here may be a bit familiar to those who closely follow the smartphone market.. The Redmi Pro is a combination of a brushed aluminium rear shell that curves around all four edges, and a glass front panel with either white or black bezels depending on the color you opt for. For a mid-range handset, the build quality is fantastic and the phone itself is quite attractive, however there are many design elements that have been clearly borrowed from smartphone design leaders HTC and Apple.. The front panel is a sleeker version of current iPhones and similar to the HTC 10. The large screen is flanked by a rounded-rectangular fingerprint sensor at the bottom, along with capacitive navigation buttons, and a small speaker with nearby sensors at the top. It’s a derivative design that doesn’t set the world on fire, but that’s pretty typical for a phone in 2016.. The rear aluminium panel, with a great brushed silver finish on my review unit, is reminiscent of the original HTC One. The metal back isn’t as curved as the HTC One, but the large circular cameras centered at the top, plus the white antenna bands, makes the Redmi Pro look like it came straight from a HTC factory.. The machined metal edges remind me of the HTC One M9. The single-piece metal back appears to wrap around the edges like a shell, exposing a small portion of white plastic that belongs to the front panel. In the hand this creates rather sharp edges – another feature of the One M9’s design – however the Redmi Pro is still comfortable to hold, and the edge design prevents the phone from easily sliding out of your grip.. The use of a mostly metal design has a number of advantages. Firstly, it looks superb, and makes the Redmi Pro look like a far more expensive device than it really is. I love it when manufacturers don’t skimp on design for mid-range products, and Xiaomi seems to do well here. Secondly, the Redmi Pro feels very solid and dependable in the hand. And lastly, I always appreciate the texture of aluminium, especially how it feels cold after an hour or so without use.. The bottom edge of the Redmi Pro looks remarkably similar to the iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone 7 Plus. The centered USB Type-C port (a great inclusion here) is flanked by visible screws and two six-hole speaker grilles, which could easily be mistaken for an iPhone by an untrained eye. Xiaomi seems to love pushing the boundaries of what is legally acceptable in a smartphone design.. The left edge has a single tray for either two nano-SIM cards, or a single SIM and a microSD card. On the opposite side are both the volume rocker and power button, positioned comfortably but with a somewhat soft clicking mechanism. On the top are both a 3.5mm headphone jack – a crucial inclusion on smartphones – and an infrared blaster for controlling home theatre equipment.. At 8.2mm thick and 174 grams heavy, Xiaomi aren’t going for any slimness records here. However, considering this phone packs in a large 4,050 mAh battery, the phone feels dense though surprisingly compact. I had no trouble operating the 5.5-inch display throughout my time using the Redmi Pro due to reasonably-sized side bezels, and the display is much more manageable than, say, the Xiaomi Mi Max .. Solid Mid Range Hardware, But There Are Trade-Offs. The State of 5G: When It's Coming, How Fast It Will Be & The Sci-Fi Future It Will Enable. Galaxy S9 unveiled: it's all about the new cameras. 44 GPU Fortnite Benchmark: Best for playing Battle Royale. Budget Overclocking Guide: Ryzen 3 2200G. Razer Blade Stealth Review + Razer Core V2 eGPU. Got something to say? Post a comment. A question about installing OS on NVME. Tech Primer: What you need to know about DDR4 memory. The HTC 10: Some great features and less bloatware could help it compete with Apple and Samsung. Add your comment to this article. You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate.. Sign up for free , it takes 30 seconds.. Already have an account? Login now .. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise Powered by. 
Android News VIEW MORE Google Pixel HTC Huawei Lenovo LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Android Auto Android India News Android Wear Android Pay Android Tablets Best Android Phones Android TV Android Updates Amazon Google News VIEW MORE Google Assistant Google Maps Google Photos Google Hangouts Google Play Google Translate Google Voice Google fi Google Nexus Google Chromebook Google Drive Google Home Google Pixel Google Nexus Tech News VIEW MORE VR Artificial Intelligence Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum 5G News IOT Samsung News VIEW MORE Samsung Pay Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S9 5G News Smart Home MWC Reviews Tech Deals More Shop Best Cell Phone Deals Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Reviews Giveaways News Tips Deals Join Our Team. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018. Touchpad Pinch-To-Zoom Support Coming To All Chromebooks. YouTube’s Hollywood Investments To Stay Flat By 2020: Report. DeepMind & VA Team Up With Hopes Of Fighting Kidney Problems. Tech Talk: How Can Google Assistant Continue To Improve?. & Screen-Enabled ARCHOS Hello Unveiled Before MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018. Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Nokia & China Mobile Announce B2B 5G Partnership – MWC 2018. Intel Promises 5G & Improved Media For 2020 Summer Olympics – MWC 2018. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Best Fitness Trackers Buyers Guide – February 2018. Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. How To: Reinstall Pre-Redesign Snapchat App On Android. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018. Android News Close Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Close Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Close Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS Close ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry Close BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Close Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Close Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Close Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC Close HTC HTC Phones Huawei Close Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Close Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG Close LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Close Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Close Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Close Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus Close OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Close Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Close Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Close Sony Sony Phones Tech News Close Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones Close ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Close Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Android News Android Android Auto Android India News Android News Android Pay Android Phones Best Android Phones Android Tablets Android TV NVIDIA SHIELD Android Updates Android Wear Amazon Amazon Amazon Alexa Amazon Kindle Apps Apps Android Developer Android Games App Reviews Best Apps & games Facebook Instagram Netflix Snapchat Spotify Twitter Uber Whatsapp Youtube ASUS ASUS Asus Phones Best Cell Phone Deals BlackBerry BlackBerry Blackberry Phones Carriers Carriers AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Verizon Chinese Smartphones Chinese Smartphones Bluboo Doogee Elephone Gionee Honor Leeco Oukitel Meizu Oppo UMIDIGI Gift Guide Giveaways Google Google Google News Google Apps Google Assistant Google Car Google Chrome Google Chromebook Google Chromecast Google Drive Google fi Google Hangouts Google Home Google Maps Google Nexus Google Photos Google Pixel Google Play Google Play Music Google Play Services Google Translate Google Voice HTC HTC HTC Phones Huawei Huawei Huawei Phones Lenovo Lenovo Lenovo Phones LG LG LG Phones LG Smartwatch LG Tablets Mobile Events Mobile Events Awards CES Google IO IFA Mobile World Congress Motorola Motorola Motorola Phones Motorola Smartwatches Nokia Nokia Nokia Phones Nokia 6 OnePlus OnePlus OnePlus Phones OnePlus One OnePlus 2 OnePlus X OnePlus 3 OnePlus 5 Phone Comparisons Reviews Samsung Samsung Samsung Pay Samsung Phones Samsung Galaxy Note 3 News Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 News Samsung Galaxy Note 8 News Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S9 News Samsung Gear Samsung Tablets Smartwatches Smartwatches Best Smartwatches Sony Sony Sony Phones Tech News Tech News 5G News Artificial Intelligence IOT Home Automation Self Driving Car Robot Vacuum VR Various Smartphones ZTE Blu Wearables Xiaomi Xiaomi Xiaomi Phones Special Features News Tips Contact Join Our Team. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway Win An LG V30+ Smartphone With LG & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 – 02/25/18 Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018 GearBest Deal: 6GB RAM Xiaomi Mi 6 For $379.99 W/Coupon GearBest Deal: 8GB RAM OnePlus 5T For $629.99 W/Coupon Electronics Deals – Feb. 23, 2018: Amazon, Dell, Google Pixel & More. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018 EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MWC 2018 Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Cubot X18 Plus Review – A Slim Budget Device That Performs Best $300 Rugged Phone Review – CAT vs Blackview Blackview BV9000 Pro Review – Rugged, Fast, Built to Last. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – MWC 2018 ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds – MWC 2018 Energous Showcasing Truly Wireless WattUp Chargers – MWC 2018. Best Portable Battery Packs For Huawei Mate 10 Pro – February 2018 Best Sony Xperia XZ1 Accessories – February 2018 Best Bluetooth Wireless Headphones – February 2018. Best Android Apps – February 2018 Best Android Apps — Language Learning — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Pets — February 2018 Best Android Apps — Valentine’s Day — February 2018. hardware build and design, tons of software features and great battery life are a few of the highlights of the Redmi Pro. Buy The Xiaomi Redmi Pro 32GB. Buy The Xiaomi Redmi Pro 64GB. September 22, 2016 - Written By Nick Sutrich. It’s been a little tough keeping up with Xiaomi’s release schedule lately. have a more straight forward name, like the Mi 5 for instance, the Redmi Pro is an oddly named device that doesn’t seem to fit into any of Xiaomi’s product lines. This may not be a bad thing though, as the Redmi Pro begins some important changes for Xiaomi including an OLED display, dual cameras on the back and MediaTek Helio processors. At around $250-300 how does this one compare to others on the market, and specifically other similarly priced offerings from Xiaomi themselves? Let’s take a look!. Win A OnePlus 5T Bundle With OnePlus & AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway/ Contest, Enter Today!. As with many Xiaomi phones, the Redmi Pro comes in two configurations; a base model and an upgraded one. The base model features a MediaTek Helio X20 2.0GHz deca-core processor, 3GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage. The upgraded model features a MediaTek Helio X25 2.5GHz deca-core processor, 4GB of RAM and either 64GB or 128GB of internal storage. At the time of writing the price difference between the two units is minimal at best, with the base model selling for $270 while the upgraded model sells for $277. 1,499 Yuan ($224) for the base model, 1,699 Yuan ($254) for the upgraded 64GB model, and 1,999 Yuan ($299) for the upgraded 128GB model.. Both models share the rest of the components, along with the design and materials used on the phone as well. On the front sits a 5.5-inch 1080p AMOLED display with 60,000:1 contrast ratio and 100% NTSC color gamut reproduction, and a Mali-T880 MP4 GPU drives the visual experience. The metal body of the Redmi Pro comes in three different colors, a light silver, darker grey. Inside this body is a non-removable 4,050mAh battery, which is charged via the USB Type-C port on the bottom of the phone. Dual-SIM card support is featured as well as microSD card support. On the front sits a 5-megapixel Samsung camera, while the back of the phone features a dual camera setup with a 13-megapixel Sony IMX258 main camera, as well as a 5-megapixel Samsung sensor for extra effects. The Redmi Pro weighs 174 grams and measures in at 151.5mm high by 76.2mm wide and 8.2mm thin.. The value of Xiaomi’s phones have almost exclusively been inside the phone itself rather than the box, and as such you shouldn’t expect much in the way of extras to be included with the phone. Inside the simple white box is of course the phone itself, and you’ll also find a small packet of manuals and warranty guides, as well as a SIM tray ejector tool. Underneath this paperwork sits a USB Type-A to USB Type-C cable, as well as a 5v/2a 10W wall charger for QuickCharge 2.0 speed charging.. Marking a first for a Xiaomi device, the Redmi Pro ships with a 100% NTSC gamut 1080p Full HD AMOLED display. Traditionally we’ve only seen IPS LCD displays on Xiaomi phones, most likely due to trying to keep the cost down for these devices, but now it seems that many OEMs are finally switching over to AMOLED technology instead of LCD. As a general rule of thumb AMOLED displays provide true black levels, as they can turn individual pixels completely off when a black color is trying to be displayed, as well as higher contrast ratios and more attractive colors. Xiaomi clearly waited for one other thing to be present on this panel before moving to AMOLED displays as well: color accuracy.. While colors are saturated and deep, the panel is able to display 100% of the covered NTSC spectrum, making this one of the finest displays around, much less in the lower priced segment of phones. At the default automatic contrast setting the panel ups the contrast and saturation in most lighting conditions so that the panel is super high contrast and overly saturated. This makes the colors pop and will certainly make people say wow when looking at it, but ultimately the colors are unrealistic and the overall white balance trends toward cool. Moving into display settings and turning the contrast to the standard setting actually perfectly balances out the display and makes whites almost truly white, and colors essentially completely accurate.. Black levels of course are perfect since this is an AMOLED display, and brightness levels are phenomenal to say the least, with ranges from ultra dim and easy on the eyes in a dark room, to torch bright for seeing in the sunlight. There’s also no obvious purpling or warming effect of the panel as brightness drops to its lowest point either, a problem AMOLED panels can sometimes have. Viewing angles are better than many recent AMOLED panels too, and only exhibits a rainbow effect at extreme angles. Even the digitizer is absolutely top notch and rounds out one of the absolute best displays you’ll find on any phone in this price level, and exceeds even plenty displays in higher price brackets too.. The past year or so has seen a radical transformation in Xiaomi’s hardware build quality, and the all metal unibody frame of the Redmi Pro is a perfect example of that transformation. With a 4,050mAh battery inside and a metal chassis, the Redmi Pro weighs slightly more than the average smartphone, coming in at 174 grams, or about 20 grams heavier than the average phone. This is significantly heavier than the 129 gram Mi 5 that was released just a few months ago, and a little bit heavier than the 164 gram Redmi Note 3 as well. With that extra weight though comes the feeling of a truly premium, quality and well built device that holds up to close scrutiny.. The only oddity in the design is the plastic face, which feels like is simply placed inside the metal shell but didn’t quite fit, as there’s a small section of it protruding from the top of the metal base and creates a lip that looks out of place. It’s likely the larger battery is the cause for the protrusion here, but it still looks oddly out of place and would have looked considerably better if the metal came all the way up to the edges of the device. Around the chamfered metal frame sits a metal power button and volume rocker on the right side, 3.5mm headset jack and IR blaster up top, SIM tray on the left and a centered USB Type-C port on the bottom, flanked by two speaker grilles. There’s only a single speaker housed in the right side though, and this symmetry is purely for looks rather than what its function appears.. On the front you’ll find some average sized bezels for a modern smartphone, possibly hinging towards slightly slimmer than average on top and bottom. Below the screen sits a physical home button that’s. ever so slightly recessed into the frame, and features both a physical click as well as a capacitive touch in addition to housing the fingerprint reader inside. This home button is flanked by two nondescript white dots, which by default represent a back button and an Overview multi-tasking button, but who’s functions can be customized. The back of the device is all metal as described before, and features a very shiny brushed metal finish. There’s little in the way of texture here though, and just holding the device without looking at it might make you think this is just shiny, slippery plastic at first. You’ll find the dual cameras on back here in addition to the dual-LED flash in-between both lenses.. Raising of the lowest common denominator has been a consistent part of the smartphone experience in recent years. MediaTek has been a big player in providing high quality, fast chipsets to OEMs for considerably less money than its competitors, and as a result has brought about some significant strides in the sub-$300 market. Their latest Helio line of SoCs really pack a major punch, delivering 2015 flagship level performance for a fraction of the cost. The Redmi Pro feels almost no different from any modern flagship in daily use. This includes launching apps, running intensive 3D games, and performing tasks with ease that used to choke phones. If the entire experience were like this, things would be super rosy, however after only a menial period of use you will find some serious issues on the back end of the system, and ones that ultimately bring about a poor user experience.. First off Xiaomi’s memory and power management features are far too over-aggressive out of the box. Essentially every app is limited from auto starting, running in the background, delivering notifications in most places on the system, etc. the ways they are designed and as a result this breaks lots of functionality throughout the system, as well as with many apps. During the review period nearly every app I commonly use and rely on to deliver notifications or messages simply wasn’t able to. This includes apps like GroupMe, Hangouts, Inbox by Gmail, Allo, What’sApp and Android Wear to name a few. These integral parts of my daily smartphone life weren’t allowed to run in the background or deliver notifications without some significant digging into the system and effort that most people simply wouldn’t go through.. If this were just related to Google services not being installed on the phone since this is a China-based device, it would be one thing, but this extends to so many other apps that it’s clearly pervasive throughout the system. This wouldn’t be so bad if it were all apps, but Xiaomi’s own services and apps are questionably exempt from these restrictions out of the box, an obvious play at getting people to stick with Xiaomi’s services over others since they require less inherent effort to use on their phones. These issues have been present on MIUI-based phones for a long time now, but only get more irritating with time as they never seem to be truly fixed. Enabling auto launching, background data, changing the notification preferences and shutting off MIUI power savings seem to be the only way to fix these issues, and there are simply too many steps out of the box just to get apps working like they should be.. As a more mid-range device you should expect mixed results when it comes to VR performance on the Redmi Pro. Even though it largely matches the performance of 2015 flagship devices, VR demands a lot more out of devices than what 2015’s flagships could adequately provide, and it’s not until this Fall’s release of the Snapdragon 821 that it appears mobile VR can finally provide a good overall experience. That being said the screen on the Redmi Pro is certainly VR ready in every way, and given that it’s an AMOLED panel with a low persistence rate of the pixels, movement in the VR world is clean and clear, and those black levels help immerse you deeper into the experience.. Performance is where the waters become a little muddy though, and it’s here where you’ll find the mixed experience. Some VR games are visually simple enough for the Redmi Pro, and mobile devices in general, to keep up with. However many developers of VR games on the Play Store seem to forget that the paramount most important part of the experience is frame rate. Without a solid frame rate of at least 60 frames per second, the VR experience is janky at best, and will make you sick at the worst. What Xiaomi has provided hardware wise in the Redmi Note offers a fantastic VR experience though, so just be choosy about overly detailed VR content and you’ll be enjoying some great titles with this phone.. As daily performance shows when running intensive apps, the Redmi Pro is no slouch when it comes to performance despite the sub-$300 price tag. Performance is right in line with last year’s flagship phones, and that includes the ones that cost 3 times more than the Redmi Pro currently does. Check out all the benchmarks we ran on the phone below:. The Redmi Pro features global 2G and 3G connectivity, as well as 4G LTE connectivity in many countries. There’s no support for US 4G LTE bands though, which is going to severely limit the Redmi Pro’s network performance in general for US customers. As the phone is mainly only sold Internationally and within China, this likely isn’t an issue for many people who are looking into buying the phone, but it’s well worth noting as 3G connectivity is incredibly slow compared to what people have gotten used to on LTE networks. Wifi support ranges up to 802.11n speeds only, and 5GHz support is not present. Bluetooth v4.2 is present, however, and it’s definitely worth noting that the phone features an IR blaster up top that’s high on the feature importance list for some people. See below for all supported wireless spectrum:. At 4,050mAh the battery inside the Redmi Pro is 30% larger than most phones with a 5.5-inch screen (phablets). Battery life is better than average as you should expect from the size difference, and it was. more than common to see the phone at only 50% after being off the charger for 17+ hours. Screen on time during this usage peaked around 5-6 hours on heavy use days, and some users could certainly see in upwards of 8 hours of screen on time if they’re really bored and browse something relatively simple and not process-intensive like Reddit all day long. What’s not entirely clear is how much of this good battery life is caused by forcing apps to close once they move to the background. By not allowing apps to update in the background and provide the necessary communication they need with their data services, MIUI falsely raises its battery life while simultaneously. There’s a line between keeping apps from running to help with battery life and getting too aggressive, thereby negating the advanced notifications features Android users love to have.. Sound output is definitely a high point of the Redmi Pro, something that can’t be said of many of Xiaomi’s previous generations of phones. There’s no advanced hi-res sound output or anything like that here, just good quality 16-bit standard audio coming from the 3.5mm jack. Unlike some previous generation phones, the audio coming from the Redmi Pro is well balanced out of the box and only needs the use of the built-in equalizer with some pairs of headphones. As Xiaomi’s audio interface has been designed for tweaking headphone output for years, it’s only down to choosing the right type of headphone to cater to your tastes and hardware in order to get the right balance of sound. Folks with nicer quality sound systems, like a. vehicle audio system for instance, will likely find the default output is of high quality and offers a great base to tweak if needed.. The single, bottom-facing speaker on the Redmi Pro is about what you would expect from such a configuration on a phone that sells for this price. Quality is decent at best, offering fairly clear sound with a relatively narrow audio range and little to no base present at all. pretty good compared to some other handsets out there, however at the highest few notches on the audio panel you’ll find that this speaker vibrates quite a bit and distorts the audio, even something as simple as a ringtone or notification tone.. The Redmi Pro launched with MIUI 7 but featured an MIUI 8 upgrade almost immediately. Our review unit had the update ready as soon as the phone was connected to the Internet, and it updated within about 20 minutes tops. MIUI 8 is the latest in highly customizable OS’s from Xiaomi, built upon Android 6.0 Marshmallow. MIUI 8 represents some of the most significant changes for the OS in quite some time. While MIUI 7 was mostly just a facelift, MIUI 8 continues the visual evolution of the platform and adds some significant new features as well and manages to carry pretty much all the features we loved in MIUI 8 from the Mi Max review. In fact it’s this updating feature that always needs to be mentioned in every Xiaomi phone review, and it’s because Xiaomi is one of the best in the industry when it comes to a specific kind of update. While it still takes quite a few months on average to update the base version of Android on every phone, Xiaomi actually provides regular and sometimes weekly updates of MIUI itself. This means that you’ll regularly see updates concerned with security, bug fixes and feature enhancements throughout every single month you own the device, something no other OEM on the market does on such a regular occurrence. It’s doubly impressive too when you consider the large number of devices Xiaomi has on the market too, and it ultimately adds value to the package as a whole.. Quite a few of the most interesting features, new or otherwise, lie in security and privacy of the user. Found prominently on the main home screen under the security app’s listing, many of these features help you take better control of your personal privacy and security of your data. Second Space allows you to create a second profile to switch between on the phone, essentially making two separate accounts with completely different installed apps and synced accounts. Dual apps allows you to clone individual apps to use on the phone, so if you manage multiple Instagram accounts or something similar this might be a good way to help keep them as separate as possible. App locking allows you to keep the individual app behind a pattern, PIN or fingerprint lock so that other people using your unlocked phone can’t get into your gallery, messages or other sensitive information.. MIUI 8 is clearly an evolution from the vast visual overhaul we saw in last year’s MIUI 7, and represent some fine tuning of many aspects of the UI for the better. First up is the notification shade, which is probably the most improved portion of the UI as a whole aside from the multi-tasking interface. By default the shade is in the new combined format which resembles a notification shade design that Samsung and LG have used for a few years now. This features a horizontally scrolling row of quick toggle icons, showing 5 icons per horizontal page, and many toggles like WiFi and Bluetooth can be individually expanded to make quick selections from the shade without having to navigate away from the currently active foreground app. There’s also a “classic” mode with a separated quick toggles page that works the same way as previous versions of MIUI, however has received a much needed face lift and looks great.. Not everything about the new shade is rosy though, as there’s no way to expand individual notifications, leaving most notifications in an abbreviated state without the ability to see the rest of the information without having to click. Text size can be changed on a system wide level to fit more characters here and elsewhere throughout the UI, however there’s no display density option like many Android 6.0 Marshmallow phones have, including Xiaomi’s own Mi Max. This means that more text will fit in certain elements on the UI, but elements don’t scale, so some apps have rather large elements even though the Redmi Pro features a 5.5-inch screen. This is because the phone’s display is only 1080p and thus the OS tries to scale things for a smaller physical screen.. The latest redesign of Android’s ever evolving volume adjustment panel is present in MIUI and looks nearly identical to many other Marshmallow powered phones, however Xiaomi has changed the behavior a little bit when it comes to any toggles system wide. You actually have to grab the small round indicator and drag across the bar to adjust rather than just being able to click where you want it to go on the bar. This is minor but annoying, and I found myself getting irritated when having to adjust volume to brightness. The home button’s design is quite the opposite of this though, as it gives users the option to either touch it like a capacitive button, or to physically click it in if they prefer. Different actions can also be assigned to this touch or click too, and the same goes with the other buttons on the phone as well.. Lastly Xiaomi offers tons of themes for MIUI 8, as they have for pretty much every version of MIUI since its inception. MIUI is one of the original Android skins to feature any kind of theming, and it still holds some of the most robust theming support available, allowing users to individually theme elements on the screen like the launcher icons, notification shade, messaging app and more. The ecosystem for this theme support is incredibly robust to say the least and features thousands upon thousands of free and paid themes, all available via a single theme app that makes it easy to choose what you want.. The camera interface has stayed largely the same in looks, but functionally has been updated a bit. Instead of swiping left or right to change modes or add live filters, a modes button is prominently displayed right above the shutter button, and brings up the same familiar grid of icons to change the camera mode. There’s also a dedicated button next to the shutter to switch back and forth between photo and video mode, giving quicker access to these modes over other modes on the camera. Adding a live filter to the photo is done via the triple circle icon the the left of the modes button, and since the Redmi Pro features dual cameras you’ll find a dedicated floating shutter icon above the modes button to switch to stereo camera mode. The top of the screen features a dedicated HDR toggle button and a flash toggle button as well.. Once in the new stereo shutter mode you’ll find a slider representing the virtual f-stop of the camera, which ranges from F5.6 to F0.95. For reference the f-stop generally provides a more shallow depth of field as the number gets smaller, and a longer depth of field as the number gets larger. A shallow depth of field produces a gorgeous bokeh effect where the background is blurred and the subject is very prominently displayed, putting extra emphasis or artistic value on the foreground subject. This stereo shutter mode is available in both photo and video modes, and the real-time switching effect works on both modes too, allowing you to adjust the f-stop rating in real time to get the shot you want. HDR mode is not available when using stereo mode.. Xiaomi offers a quick exposure modification option by clicking to focus and then dragging up or down to adjust the exposure level. Manual mode on the Redmi Pro doesn’t provide anywhere near the number of adjustments we’ve seen on other Xiaomi devices, and honestly is pretty useless for anyone looking at normal manual controls. The only two options that can be adjusted here are white balance and ISO, and even then the maximum manual ISO is only 1600.. Xiaomi’s camera software has long been one of the fastest performing on the market, but previous generations of phones have shown there’s a cost of quality to that speed. This year has signaled a turnaround for quality on Xiaomi’s part, yet there’s been no sacrifice for performance and speed of the software. From screen off to taking a picture takes literally one full second, something most phones could only dream of. The only downside here is that there doesn’t seem to be any way to quick launch the camera via button gesture, like pressing the power button twice or home button twice. This means you need to turn the screen on first, followed by swiping left on the lock screen to launch the camera, which doesn’t take long but it adds false additional time to the camera launching experience.. Response time from clicking the shutter button to taking the picture is absolutely instant, but that sometimes comes at a cost. Focusing is done quickly, usually in about 1/3 of a second, but the shutter won’t wait to focus when it takes a picture. This could result in some out of focus shots, so waiting just a fraction of a second before pressing the button is definitely advised. The software generally prioritizes a lower ISO over a faster shutter speed, translating to blurry moving objects in darker environments. This isn’t always the case, but it happened often enough to where it’s worth noting.. Zoom detail is mostly great and is about what we expect from a modern 13-megapixel sensor, including image processing that’s not overly heavy. This processing helps remove unwanted fine grain noise while still keeping plenty of detail in the scene. good job of matching processing quality with speed, taking HDR shots instantly and helping bring out a wider dynamic range in photos. Auto HDR isn’t terribly aggressive, but it kicks in when it’s needed the most and I have nothing but positive thoughts on its speed and quality. Even white balance was super accurate in every light and never got the scene wrong.. A unique feature of the Redmi Note is the stereo photo mode, which utilizes the secondary rear 5-megapixel sensor for depth information but still uses the 13-megapixel sensor for the actual photo. This means you get full 13-megapixel resolution and quality shots, all with an interesting new depth of field filter that attempts to be more accurate than the software-based ones we’ve seen on some phones like the Galaxy S7. This method is almost exclusively intended for taking an up-close shot of an object and blurring the background, such as a portrait of a person. In practice many shots turned out quite nice looking and exhibited a quality depth of field effect, but often times it was obvious that this wasn’t a hardware lens effect as a digital SLR camera would have, rather a software augmented effect.. This stereo effect can also be used in video mode, where the results are going to be a mixed bag at best. Stereo mode certainly works best for photos since it’s such a temperamental algorithm, and I didn’t find any real usable solutions where I could use this video mode and get a good desired effect. Regular video mode is quality, even though it’s limited to 1080p quality, and exhibited great details for a full HD video, as well as good dynamic range and white balance. The Redmi Pro features optic image stabilization that does a good job of keeping things steady when moving around a lot or walking, but isn’t enabled by default, so users will have to remember to check this box in the settings to use it.. Low light performance of the camera overall, including both photo and video modes, is definitely on the list of better performers in the sub-$300 price category. The front-facing 5-megapixel camera is a good selfie camera and did a great job overall in any light. Shots get a little fuzzy in lower light but nothing too offensive, and details in good light are fantastic, although certainly not the best selfie cam on the market. Dynamic range could use a little help, but the software was smart enough to know that the person in the foreground was the intended point of reference for lighting, so in harsh lighting you’ll find that bright backgrounds are whited out while the person in the foreground is more optimally lit. This was a good tradeoff and overall is a good shooter. Check out the Flickr gallery below for all the images and video we took with the Redmi Pro during our review period.. No LTE in the US (and probably some other countries). Almost no one does value better than Xiaomi in the smartphone market, and the Redmi Pro is proof of that. hardware build and design, tons of software features and great battery life are a few of the highlights of the Redmi Pro. Better than average sound output and camera performance in this price category are also worth noting, and an excellent display coupled with great every day and gaming performance round out the device as a whole. There are still some serious issues with MIUI out of the box though, and it takes way more effort and hunting around in the settings than it should just to get apps to work like they should. Out of the box you’ll find missing notifications, apps getting constantly closed once they go into the background, and services that simply don’t work because of Xiaomi’s “power savings” in their OS. These can be turned off and fix the issues, but they simply should not be enabled out of the box, as it’s going to create an overly frustrating experience for more users than they help. If you’re interested in picking up a Redmi Pro of your own, check out the GearBest links below.. Yahoo Confirms 2014 Data Breach & 500M Users Affected. Google Capital Invests in Airbnb in Latest Fundraising Round. Chinese Smartphones , Reviews , Xiaomi , Xiaomi Phones. Samsung Announces AI, AR-Focused Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus – MWC 2.... MWC 2018’s most notable announcement has just taken place with Samsung hosting its event and introducing its latest flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S9. This is the first major smartphone to come through from Samsung in 2018 and akin to recent Galaxy S launches, Samsung has unveiled two models: the standard Galaxy S9 and the […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need T.... Mobile World Congress 2018 officially starts tomorrow for when they open the show floor up to attendees at the conference center, but today was the press day full of conferences from some of the biggest manufacturers like Nokia and Samsung, with those two being the most notable. Nokia of course revealed some pretty big details […]. Speck Has Eight Cases For Samsung’s New Galaxy S9 Devices –.... Speck has now announced its own protective cases for the brand new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, which were revealed today at MWC 2018 in Barcelona. There are 8 cases in total in the new lineup. Those range in price from around $39.95 to just shy of $60 and there are several designs […]. T-Mobile Left Customer Session Vulnerable Again In December. T-Mobile apparently suffered the effects of a previously unreported vulnerability several months ago which would have allowed hackers to log into the site as any one of the company’s subscribers. In fact, the bug was reportedly noted back on December 19 and, according to a statement released by the service provider, was fixed within hours […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are both finally official, and they bring lots of new stuff to the table. Spec wise both are running the latest Snapdragon 845 chipset in the US or the Exynos 9810 internationally, and both feature at least 64GB of internal storage with microSD card support. Win A Samsung Galaxy S9 With AndroidHeadlines – International Giveaway. Samsung Exec Quiet About Galaxy X, Reaffirms Bixby Speaker. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus launch appear to have gone off without a hitch but when asked about the company’s long-rumored folding smartphone – tentatively, the Galaxy X – the company is reportedly still not talking, according to CEO DJ Koh who responded to questions about the device during the launch at MWC […]. Vodafone UK Opens Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders – MW.... The newly unveiled Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are officially up for pre-order at a growing number of carriers and Vodafone in the UK is another provider which joins that list. Perhaps the most anticipated flagship to be shown at this year’s MWC 2018 event, the devices will be available in three distinct […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Along with the Galaxy S9, Samsung also debuted the Galaxy S9 Plus at Mobile World Congress today, in Barcelona. We got a change to experience it in their “Experience Zone” after the show, and it’s a mighty fine piece of hardware. It is actually a bit more different from its smaller brother this year, other […]. Deal: Amazon Fire TV Stick With Alexa Voice Remote For $30 –.... Amazon’ Fire TV Stick is one of the better media streaming devices if you want something that gives you access to just about all your favorite movies and TV shows, as it connects you to a world of content from popular services and lets you stream that content right on the TV or monitor that […]. EE Opens Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus UK Pre-Orders. EE has now confirmed it is already accepting pre-orders for the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus in the UK. Along with that confirmation EE has provided basic pricing details which vary depending on the plan chosen. For example, those looking to take advantage of EE’s “Essential”plan (4GB data, unlimited talk and text) can pick […]. Mobile World Congress 2018 Press Day Wrap Up: All You Need To Know. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung just took the wraps off of two new smartphones, here at Mobile World Congress. Which include the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. Surprisingly, there is a lot more in terms of differences this year, than just the screen sizes. The smaller, Galaxy S9, has just one camera on the backside. O2 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Pre-Orders Go Live – MWC 2018.... O2 Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus pre-orders have gone live, and are currently ready for those looking to place their orders as soon as possible. O2 says the pre-orders are available online but it doesn’t state that they’re not available in O2 retail stores, so anyone looking to place those orders in person may […]. Sprint Confirms March 16 Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Launch –.... Sprint is set to officially launch the Galaxy S9 on March 16 alongside the Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung’s newest phones which it just unveiled today during Mobile World Congress at the Galaxy Unpacked press conference. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were originally thought to be coming to market as Samsung’s most expensive phones […]. Video: T-Mobile Unboxes Samsung Galaxy S9 On The “Moon”. T-Mobile Product Marketing official Desmond Smith is back with his series of extreme smartphone unboxing videos but is doing things a bit differently for Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus. While the setting of his latest unboxing is still unconventional, it’s far less adrenaline-inducing than the environments featured in previous installments of his long-running […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Compatible With 2017 Gear VR – M.... Samsung held its MWC 2018 event today where the Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus were both formally announced. The event focused quite heavily on the camera features on offer with these phones, and at both the hardware and software levels. What was largely absent from the event, however, was any detailed talk on virtual reality […]. Video: Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Hands On – MWC 2018. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus are now official and available for pre-order. It’ll be arriving shortly, and now is the time to go ahead and pick up some accessories for your new smartphone. Whether that be a new case, a screen protector, maybe some headphones or even a car mount. Motorola’s New Ad Seems Like Subtle Dig At Competing OEMs. At just 16-seconds in length, Motorola’s latest brand advertisement appears to make no qualms about what the company sees as a common issue in the mobile industry. In fact, it could easily be seen as an indirect dig at some of the Lenovo-owned company’s larger competitors, such as Samsung or Apple. Samsung Outs SmartThings App For Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Major OEM Samsung is not only announcing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus today, but also a new version of the dedicated SmartThings app that will release alongside the new flagships and allow them to act in full capacity as users’ IoT hubs. Along with being able to use all the features of the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts ‘Refined’ Screen, ‘Cinematic’ Audio.... Samsung has revealed how its recently announced Galaxy S9 lineup improves upon the Infinity Display that debuted with last year’s Galaxy S8 series. The South Korean company’s latest flagships improve upon their predecessors in a number of areas, with the. camera and AI features being the main focus. Galaxy S9 Camera Features Better Slow-Mo, Bixby Integration. Samsung is kicking off its time at this year’s Mobile World Congress by outing the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus in a series of focused looks at different aspects of the phone, and the camera in particular brings a ton of new features and improvements, such as Super Slow-Mo and deeper integration with the […]. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. Galaxy S9 Combines Iris & Face Scanning, Simplifies Security.... With Samsung’s Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus now officially revealed at MWC 2018, the company has continued the rollout of related product information, specifically highlighting the security features of the two flagships. The firm has unsurprisingly continued to bolster and improve the implementation of its already well-known Knox feature for enterprise and personal users […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Starts At $960 CAD Unlocked In Canada. The unlocked variant of the Galaxy S9 will start at $960 CAD in Canada, whereas the Galaxy S9 Plus will be priced at $1,100 CAD.. Consumers looking to acquire the new devices on a contract will be met with an upfront fee of $249 CAD for the Galaxy S9 and $379 CAD for the Galaxy […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Xfinity Mobile March 16 –.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will come to Xfinity Mobile on March 16 just as with the other carriers in the U.S. and with Samsung’s own online store. Xfinity Mobile customers will be able to get up to $450 off the price of either phone when utilizing a coupe of promotions that […]. Samsung Shares Insights Into 9 New Galaxy S9 Features – MWC.... Tying in with its MWC 2018 reveal of the new Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, Samsung has now released a new set of hands-on videos showing off 9 of those flagships’ best features. Those, of course, include an overview of the overall design refinements made on top of the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy […]. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Powers Samsung Galaxy S9 US Models –.... Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 845 chip is set to power the U.S. variants of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, the chipmaker confirmed Sunday, shortly after Samsung officially announced its latest Android flagships. Gigabit LTE and UHD Premium video recording boasted by the newly unveiled devices are directly enabled by the Snapdragon 845, Qualcomm claims. Hands On With The Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. AT&T To Launch Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9 Plus March 16 From $790.... AT&T is set to launch the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus on March 16 from $790, which will be the cost of the Galaxy S9, while the Galaxy S9 Plus will be quite a bit more for a retail cost of $915. As to exact pricing, AT&T will be offering both phones on the […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus are now official having been introduced by Samsung today during the company’s MWC 2018 event. Along with the announcement, Samsung has provided some details regarding general – specific to US consumers – pricing and availability. For example, and while prices will vary somewhat if purchased through a carrier, […]. Galaxy S9 & Galaxy S9 Plus Come To Verizon March 16 – MWC 20.... The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus come to Verizon Wireless on March 16, which is just a few short weeks away. Samsung officially announced the two new phones, its latest flagships, at its Galaxy Unpacked press conference today during Mobile World Congress, showcasing the latest and greatest that it has to offer and […]. T-Mobile Galaxy S9 Hits March 16, Pre-Orders Start March 2 –.... T-Mobile’s Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will launch on March 16 with pre-orders beginning on march 2, following Samsung’s official announcement of the device today at its Galaxy Unpacked event during Mobile World Congress 2018. The carrier will sell three of the four colors that Samsung has produced including the Midnight Black, Coral […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Boasts AR Emoji, Better Biometrics & More.... Samsung on Sunday officially announced the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus following months of anticipation and rumors, having revealed its most capable Android flagships to date. Beyond boasting about their raw processing power, the South Korean phone maker also spent a lot of time talking about various special features of its new series, and […]. Best Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Accessories – February 2018. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – M.... Samsung had introduced its new flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, earlier today, and along with the announcement itself, the company shared some availability info for the two phones. It was announced that the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will go on sale on March 16 in ‘select markets’, while no […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Camera Has Record-Wide & Variable Aperture.... Samsung on Sunday announced its latest Android flagships following much anticipation, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. While the smartphones are arguably offering incremental upgrades over their predecessors in most aspects, they are promising to deliver […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus – MWC 2018. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus were announced earlier today in Barcelona, we’ve already talked about both of those phones, and took a closer look at the Galaxy S9’s specs, so it’s time to do the same for the Galaxy S9 Plus. Before we start talking about specs, though, it’s worth noting that […]. Samsung Galaxy S9 Messages App Uses Tenor GIF Search Engine.... The default Samsung Messages app pre-installed on the newly announced Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus will feature native support for GIF search engine Tenor, the two companies said Sunday. The same feature will also be distributed to other Samsung-made devices once it debuts on the Galaxy S9 lineup, with Tenor confirming the rollout will […]. Specs: Samsung Galaxy S9 – MWC 2018. Samsung introduced its new flagship smartphones today,. the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus, and despite the fact they look almost identical, they do ship with somewhat different spec sheets, so we’re here to take a closer look at what the Galaxy S9 has to offer in that regard. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus […]. Samsung Galaxy S9, S9 Plus US Availability & Pricing – MWC 2018. Samsung Galaxy S9 Uses Galaxy S8 Battery More Efficiently –.... Samsung announced the latest additions to its Android flagship portfolio, having unveiled them in the form of the Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus earlier today. The two devices sport the same Infinity Display AMOLED panels as their predecessors and are similar in terms of their overall physical footprint, thus also featuring Li-Ion batteries similar […]. Nokia Commits Most Future Smartphones To Android One – MWC 2.... Nokia is committing most future smartphones to Android One according to the company, which just announced the changes for its smartphone lineups going forward at Mobile World Congress 2018 during its press conference. Worth noting is that it will have some phones that will be part of the Android Go program as well, but save […]. Nokia 6 (2018) With Android One & Nokia 8110 4G Now Official.... HMD Global took to this year’s iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce five new devices, including a revised version of the Nokia 6 (2018) which originally launched in China early last month. The new model that’s now coming to the West is being released as part of Google’s Android One program meant to showcase […]. Nokia 8 Sirocco Android One Smartphone Announced With SD835.... HMD Global announced five smartphones during its MWC 2018 press conference, and one of those smartphones is the Nokia 8 Sirocco. This handset has been leaking for quite some time now, and the Nokia 8 Sirocco is actually both the most powerful and most expensive device HMD announced today. This is one of two Nokia-branded, […]. ZTE Showcases 5G Phone Prototype Supporting 1.2Gbps Speeds –.... ZTE arrived at the latest iteration of Mobile World Congress to announce a plethora of new products and showcase multiple hi-tech solutions, including its prototype of a 5G-ready smartphone. While the company already managed to break the gigabit mark last year, its latest invention supports download speeds of up to 1.2Gbps, with ZTE describing it […]. Galaxy S9 & S9 Plus Available Globally Starting March 16 – MWC 2018. Get your app reviewd by our editorial staff. Let us know your insider tip. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Release date: Aug 6, 2016. Lots of RAM (4 GB RAM). The Xiaomi Redmi Pro sports a 5.5-inch OLED screen, Helio X25 deca-core processor, 4 GB of RAM, 128 GB of storage, two rear facing cameras and an addition 5-megapixel selfie unit on the front.. Dimensions: 5.96 x 3.00 x 0.32 inches (151.5 x 76.2 x 8.15 mm). Weight: 6.14 oz (174 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Features: Fingerprint (touch), Touch sensitive control keys. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Dual-camera (5-megapixel), Autofocus (Phase detection). Software Features: Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Effects. 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps), 1280x720 (720p HD) (120 fps). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Deca-core, 2500 MHz, ARM Cortex-A72 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Hall (for flip covers). Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Infrared, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 27 Jul 2016. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. We list only the specs that are different than the main variant. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Deca-core, ARM Cortex-A72 and ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Xiaomi Redmi Pro specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $260 Buy. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 vs Note 3 vs Redmi Pro size and specs comparison. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Enter the characters you see below. Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.. Type the characters you see in this image:. 
The next video is starting stop. Xiaomi Redmi Pro | Análisis a fondo. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. El Redmi Pro es otro gama alta de Xiaomi con excelente relación calidad precio. Hoy os traigo su review a fondo ➤ Compra tu Redmi Pro: https://goo.gl/CsWg4K ÍNDICE TEMPORAL =============== 00:28 - Diseño 02:03 - Pantalla 03:28 - Sonido 04:17 - Software 06:35 - Rendimiento y juegos 08:02 - Cámara 10:58 - Batería 12:23 - Almacenamiento 12:43 - Conectividad 13:26 - Precio 13:40 - Conclusión MI WEB: http://www.justunboxing.com Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/justunboxing Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/justunboxing Instagram: http://www.instagram.com/justunboxing Google+: http://www.google.com/+justunboxing ¿Qué cámara y micrófono uso para grabar? ¿Cuál es mi teléfono o tablet personal? Todas las respuestas aquí: http://www.justunboxing.com/mi-equipo/. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Speed Test - Redmi Pro vs Redmi Note 4. Xiaomi Redmi 3 Pro - Bend test, Scratch test, Burn test - Durability video. Xiaomi Redmi Pro - 7 Things to Know!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 PRO - Detailed view & Performance test. Xiaomi Redmi PRO - Detailed view & Performance test. Como instalar la ROM en Español en cualquier Xiaomi [Método 2]. TIPS DE FOTOGRAFÍA MÓVIL | Xiaomi Redmi Pro. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Review + Camera & Gaming Test. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Review - 10 Core Madness!. Test Xiaomi : Redmi Note 4 Vs Redmi Pro (MIUI 8 : Battery, Benchmark, Speed...). Apple iPhone 5S vs Xiaomi Redmi Pro?. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Unboxing and First Look (Helio X25 Version). MUITO ELEGANTE | Xiaomi Redmi Pro [PORTUGUÊS]. Review Xiaomi Redmi Pro - El primer Xiaomi con 2 cámaras. XIAOMI redmi PRO - Helio X25 | Review (subtittles). Xiaomi Redmi Pro SPEED TEST Redmi Note 3 Pro 4K. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Ingat GADGET, ingat DROIDLIME...! Spesifikasi Xiaomi Redmi Pro: Harga: Rp4 juta ( http://bit.ly/2bk93Gf ) ( http://bit.ly/2bLuW3K ) CPU: 10-core MediaTek Helio X25 2,5 GHz GPU: Mali-T880 RAM: 3/4 GB Storage: 32/64/128 GB OS: Android 6.0.1 Kamera: 13+5 MP & 5 MP Layar: OLED 5,5 inci (1.920 x 1.080 piksel) Baterai: 4.050 mAh Sensor: Fingerprint, accelerometer, proximity, compass, gyroscope USB OTG: Ya Screen-on-time: 5 jam AnTuTu Benchmark: 87 ribu poin Jangan lupa download Apps Android DroidLime agar lebih mudah mendapatkan update dari kami: https://play.google.com/store/apps/de... Talent: Fika Kamila Device tested by: DroidLime (Romi Hidayat) Lokasi: Taman Menteng FB: DroidLime https://www.facebook.com/droidlime Twitter: @droidlime https://twitter.com/droidlime GPlus: DroidLime https://plus.google.com/+Droidlime Instagram: https://instagram.com/droidlime/ LINE@: @droidlime. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Xiaomi Mi 5X Quick Review Indonesia: Mi 6 Versi Hemat. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 PRO - Detailed view & Performance test. Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus Review Indonesia. Rp2.2 JUTA!! Unboxing Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus Garansi Resmi!. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Unboxing - 10 Core Redmi Flagship!. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Review + Camera & Gaming Test. Xiaomi Redmi Pro - 7 Things to Know!. Xiaomi Mi 6 Review Indonesia: Penantang iPhone 7 Plus. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Camera Review: A Lot of Cameras!. Android rasa iPhone X cuma 2 jt-an Murah!. 1,5 JUTA dapet RAM 4GB & Storage 64 GB? Unboxing Vernee M5, Lagi-lagi Menang Banyak!. Review Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 - Indonesia. Xiaomi Redmi 5A: HAPE HARAP MAKLUM. ASUS ZenFone Zoom S Quick Review: Jago Motret, Baterai Awet. Xiaomi Mi MIX Special Edition Review Indonesia. Unboxing Xiaomi Redmi Pro Indonesia - FI Review. Xiaomi Redmi 3 Pro - Bend test, Scratch test, Burn test - Durability video. Tonton Sebelum Membeli! Review Xiaomi Mi A1 Indonesia. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. Xiaomi Redmi Pro: 5 Things You Need to Know. Tasneem Akolawala , 28 July 2016. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. The Xiaomi Redmi Pro runs on MIUI 8. It is priced starting at roughly Rs. Xiaomi launched the Redmi Pro smartphone in China on Wednesday. The new Redmi Pro is the first smartphone from Xiaomi company to sport a dual camera setup, and it comes bearing a premium design with three colour options.. ( Also see: Xiaomi Redmi Pro vs Redmi Note 3 ). The two camera lens modules were first seen on HTC smartphones, but have recently garnered 'premium' status since rumours of the iPhone 7 with a dual camera setup started doing the rounds. Not to be left behind, Xiaomi has launched the Redmi Pro, a month ahead of Apple's traditional launch event in the hopes to get some leverage from the buzz. The dual-SIM smartphone supports 4G, packs a 4050mAh battery, and weighs 174 grams. Apart from these, the Xiaomi Redmi Pro has many other big features that are worth talking about, and we highlight some of the best ones below:. 1) Dual camera setup As mentioned, Xiaomi is using this dual camera setup feature as a selling point of the Redmi Pro. It sports a 13-megapixel Sony IMX258 sensor with a 5-lens module, an f/2.0 aperture, PDAF autofocus and supports dynamic depth of field, coupled with a 5-megapixel Samsung sensor for the secondary depth-sensing camera. The dual-tone flash module sits between the two lenses. On the front, it bears a 5-megapixel camera with an 85-degree wide-angle lens and an f/2.0 aperture.. 2) Mediatek Helio X25 Processor Xiaomi claims that this deca-core processor makes the Redmi pro 'the most powerful Redmi ever'. The Xiaomi Redmi Pro is powered by the 2.5GHz deca-core MediaTek Helio X25 SoC, coupled with a Mali-T880 GPU, that's available on the 4GB RAM + 128GB storage variant, while the 3GB RAM + 64GB storage variant has the same processor clocked at 2.3GHz. It is worth noting that the 3GB RAM + 32GB storage variant is powered by a 2.1GHz deca-core MediaTek Helio X20 SoC.. ( Also see: Xiaomi Redmi Pro vs iPhone 6 ). 3) Xiaomi Redmi Note price Most of Xiaomi's success is attributed to its reasonable pricing coupled with great specs on its smartphone offerings. With Redmi Pro, Xiaomi keeps the tradition alive and make the three variants available at reasonable price points. The Helio X20 (3GB RAM + 32GB storage) is priced at CNY 1,499 (roughly Rs. 15,100), the Helio X25 (3GB + 64GB) variant is priced at CNY 1,699 (roughly Rs. 17,100), and the Helio X25 (4GB + 128GB) variant is priced at CNY 1,999 (roughly Rs. 4) MIUI 8 The Xiaomi Redmi Pro runs on Android Marshmallow-based the latest MIUI 8. The new OS, which was unveiled last month , comes with a new interface design, new Calculator app, a Smart menu for editing test, and the new App lock feature that unlocks all apps at once.. ( Also see: Xiaomi Redmi Pro vs Xiaomi Mi Max ). 5) Xiaomi Redmi Pro design Even with its reasonable price offering, Xiaomi Redmi Pro comes with a unibody metal design. It comes with a 5.5-inch full HD (1080x1920 pixels) display with 2.5D curved glass protection. There are two speaker grilles at the bottom, and a USB Type C port. The home button comes integrated with a fingerprint scanner, and the 3.5mm audio jack is situated on top. The power button, and the volume button are situated at the top right end of the smartphone.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Xiaomi Redmi Pro: 5 Things You Need to Know. Xiaomi Redmi Pro With Deca-Core Helio X25 SoC, Dual Rear Cameras Launched. More Xiaomi mobiles Xiaomi mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , MIUI 8 , Mobiles , Xiaomi , Xiaomi Redmi Pro , Xiaomi Redmi Pro Features , Xiaomi Redmi Pro Price , Xiaomi Redmi Pro Specifications. Tasneem Akolawala Email Tasneem. When not expelling tech wisdom, Tasneem feeds on good stories that strike on all those emotional chords. She loves road trips, a good laugh, and interesting people. Great Red Spot Storm Heating Jupiter's Atmosphere, Study Shows. Brazil Prosecutor Freezes $11.7 Million of Facebook Funds Due to WhatsApp Case. Xiaomi Redmi Pro: 5 Things You Need to Know. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India ZTE Tempo Go Is Its First Smartphone That Runs Android Oreo (Go Edition) Samsung's Foldable Smartphone Isn't a Gimmick, Claims CEO. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Cost-effective Cheaper More expensive Performance Camera Battery Smaller Larger. Kimovil shows stores that deliver to your country. Convert prices to your local currency. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Now you are using it .... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... 3 £ 167 € 189 $ 233 R$ 756 zł 790 руб 13,160 ₹ 15,093 Not available. 2 £ 228 € 259 $ 319 R$ 1,033 zł 1,080 руб 17,987 ₹ 20,630 Not available. 1 £ 375 € 426 $ 524 R$ 1,700 zł 1,778 руб 29,608 ₹ 33,959 Not available. Finding the best price for the Xiaomi Redmi Pro 3GB-32GB X20 is no easy task. Here you will find where to buy the Xiaomi Redmi Pro 3GB-32GB X20 at the best price. Prices are continuously tracked in over 140 stores so that you can find a reputable dealer with the best price. July 2016, 1 year ago. 76.2 mm x 151.5 mm x 8.2 mm. 1080 x 1920 px. Pixels per inch differentiable less than 5 cm away. Is it a drop-resistant and scratch-resistant smartphone?. Do you think it's a nice phone?. Can you see it well in the sunlight?. View all opinions about the Xiaomi Redmi Pro:. - More smartphones with MediaTek Helio X20 (MT6797) (2,1GHz) processor. 2x2.1GHz Cortex-A72 + 4x1.85GHz Cortex-A53 + 4x1.4GHz Cortex-A53. - More smartphones with 3GB RAM memory. 86.470 (Antutu v6) Overall performance better than 90% of devices. GB (Capacity with the OS (depends on the brand and ROM version): 25-31 GB). - More smartphones with 32GB of internal storage. 5818 Songs , 12800 Photos and 457 Videos. Slot for SD or second SIM card. Does it work smoothly in everyday use?. What's your experience been with demanding games?. View all opinions about the Xiaomi Redmi Pro:. - More smartphones with IMX258 lens model. - More smartphones with Dual LED. These are the default features of this smartphone. Most of these features can be achieved with a more advanced camera application, so do not worry if you are missing something like a timer, smile detection, filters, etc.. Dual rear Lens: Main : Sony 13mpx with a focal aperture f / 2.0 and a complementary one : Samsung with 5 mpx. Does it have a powerful flash?. View all opinions about the Xiaomi Redmi Pro:. Dual SIM Dual Standby (Micro SIM + Nano SIM). SIM cards (MiniSIM) can be cut to MicroSIM, MicroSIM can be cut to NanoSIM and a SIM can even be cut to a NanoSIM (although not recommended). Download this SIM Cutting Template and forget about having to ask your operator for a new SIM.... A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile). Does it have good coverage for calls?. View all opinions about the Xiaomi Redmi Pro:. How long does the battery last?. View all opinions about the Xiaomi Redmi Pro:. - More smartphones with MIUI V8 (Android 6.0 Marshmallow) operating system. Did it come with preinstalled applications?. View all opinions about the Xiaomi Redmi Pro:. It comes with a clean operating system. It has preinstalled apps but they don't bother me. It has preinstalled apps that I can't uninstall. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 3GB 64GB. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 3GB 32GB. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro 3GB 32GB. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro 6GB 64GB. Samsung Galaxy C7 64GB C7000 Dual SIM. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 3GB 32GB. The information on this web site is not guaranteed. Kimovil is not responsible for inaccuracies, omissions or any other error in the information. Any warranties regarding this information are disclaimed. Total or partial reproduction of this site is prohibited in any manner without prior written permission. The trademarks, logos and device manufacturers, software, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. Coupons Buying Guide Help Contact Facebook Twitter About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies. How is the exchange rate calculated?. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. There are unanswered questions about the mobile devices you use, please help us by answering them!. 
Listed Price : Price Not Available. Xiaomi Redmi Pro comes with a brushed metal body with 2.5D glass, fingerprint scanner embedded on the physical home button. The Xiaomi Redmi Pro comes with a 5.5-inch full HD OLED display, and a 13-megapixel + 5-megapixel dual rear camera and a 5-megapixel wide-angle selfie camera. The Redmi Pro is available in three variants — 32GB, 64GB and 128GB. The Redmi Pro will be available in gold, silver and dark grey color options.. Support China is true or wrong!. OS Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow with MIUI 8. Processor MediaTek Helio X25 Deca-Core 2.5 GHz Processor, 64 bit. Camera 13 MP + 5 MP dual camera. Support China is true or wrong!. Full Specifications of Xiaomi Redmi Pro. Display Resolution full HD (1920*1080 pixels). Display Technology OLED display with 2.5D Curved Glass Protection. OS Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow with MIUI 8. Processor MediaTek Helio X25 Deca-Core 2.5 GHz Processor, 64 bit. Camera resolution 13 MP + 5 MP dual camera. Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 leaked specifications reveal full HD LCD display, dual-cameras and more. Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 specifications, features accidentally leaked in company listing. Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 with Snapdragon 660 SoC could launch this month. Xiaomi to launch Snapdragon 660-powered smartphone, could be the Redmi Pro 2. Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 image, features, pricing leaked ahead of launch. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Reviews in India. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Features & Specs. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4G. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Vs Micromax Superfone Canvas A100. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X. 6,999 Buy Now. 8,999 Buy Now. Own this mobile? Write a Review. Review on: Xiaomi Redmi Pro. Indian social media china ko support karne valo ko deshdrohi batate hain kya ye sahi hai?. Review on: Xiaomi Redmi Pro. mi is very good phone its camera is impresive it features are realy good. Review on: Xiaomi Redmi Pro. Sonlian Mang on Oct 08, 2016. Mi note 2 won't be launch either in India.. So,for Indian customer, mi 5 is the best option and the only option.. Review on: Xiaomi Redmi Pro. Sonlian Mang on Oct 08, 2016. It will not be launch in India. Not just this year, it still won't be launch next year nor in 2018. Review on: Xiaomi Redmi Pro. I WANT TO BUY THIS MOBILE WHEN IT WILL LAUNCH IN INDIA ? I AM WAITING FOR THIS.. Kul Bhushan on Jun 28, 2017 01:11 PM. The Redmi Pro 2 is the successor to last year’s Xiaomi .... Rutu Ladage on May 22, 2017 10:24 AM. Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 is said to feature a Snapdragon 660 SoC, .... Marcia Sekhose on Mar 14, 2017 12:00 PM. Xiaomi will reportedly ditch the dual-camera setup for the .... Marcia Sekhose on Feb 13, 2017 12:30 PM. Mass production for the Snapdragon 660 chipset is expected .... Deepali Moray on Feb 01, 2017 11:14 AM. Unlike its predecessor, the Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 is likely to .... Write a Review on Xiaomi Redmi Pro. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. @oneplus adding HD video streaming support on #OnePlus5 and #OnePlus5 but there is a catch buff.ly/2FyhA8w https://t.co/mw5rGXJZPE. 
How to check genuine Mi Power Bank. How to buy a Xiaomi phone. We freely support to install global ROM. 151.5 x 76.2 x 8.2 mm. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A Cat6 300/50 Mbps. Mediatek MT6797T Helio X25 – High & Exclusive editions. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. Dual 13 MP + 5MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash. 250 USD for ROM 32G, 3G RAM. 300 USD for ROM 64G, 3G RAM. USD for ROM 128G, 4G RAM. New Phone 100%, Full Seal, Full Box. The box of Xiaomi Redmi Pro. The behind of Xiaomi Redmi Pro. phone shows basic specifications and IMEI number. The box includes: cable, charge, guidebook, and SIM tool.. versions 32G, 64G and 128G ROMs, Xiaomi Redmi Pro gives a lot of choices from Xiaomi.. For buying Xiaomi at Xiaomi Cambodia Shop, we also provide 1-year warranty service.. Mediatek MT6797 Helio X20 – Standard edition. Xiaomi Redmi Pro smartphone was launched in July 2016. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 342 pixels per inch.. is powered by 2.1GHz MediaTek Helio X20 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Xiaomi Redmi Pro packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies.. The Xiaomi Redmi Pro runs Android and is powered by a 4050mAh non removable battery. It measures 151.50 x 76.20 x 8.15 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 174.00 grams.. 2/ Review for Xiaomi Redmi Pro. For more information or ordering, please contact to:. +855 975 078 806 or +855 11 238 927. Any further question about technician, please send an email to: mistorecambodia@gmail.com. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:. Email (required) (Address never made public). You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. You are commenting using your Twitter account. You are commenting using your Facebook account. You are commenting using your Google+ account. Notify me of new comments via email.. Notify me of new posts via email.. +855 975 078 806 or +855 11 238 927. 
We're using cookies to improve your experience.. Click Here to find out more.. Video Entertainment Culture Tech Science Business Social Good. Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers. Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy. Sites Job Board Social Good Summit. Xiaomi's budget Redmi Pro phone has dual camera, 10-core processor. Mobile , redmi pro , Tech , Xiaomi , xiaomi redmi pro. By Stan Schroeder 2016-07-27 08:34:30 UTC. Remember when budget phones had middling specs? It makes sense: To keep the price low, the manufacturer had to include a cheaper part or three. But nowadays, those cheap parts might mean a tiny performance hit, and — due to the heated race in China to offer a great phone at a low price — in some areas they're actually technologically ahead of the more expensive versions.. Case in point: Xiaomi's new Redmi Pro smartphone. It's a 5.5-inch phone with a metal body, a full HD OLED display, a 10-core MediaTek Helio X20/X25 processor, a fingerprint sensor, and a 4,050mAh battery. It also has a dual camera on the back — a 13-megapixel sensor coupled with a 5-megapixel one for additional depth information, and can be configured to have 4GB of RAM and 128GB of storage.. SEE ALSO: Xiaomi launches a smart folding bicycle for China's busy city roads. If that sounds better than basically any other flagship out there, you're not wrong; the only major part that falls into the "budget" category is the MediaTek processor , but we doubt the more powerful Helio X25 variant (which comes with the top Redmi Pro model) will significantly lag behind the current king of mobile CPUs, the octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820.. Xiaomi has been consistently offering great phones at very low prices — its flagship Xiaomi Mi 5 starts at about $305 and offers performance comparable to the best smartphones out there. But unless you absolutely must have a Snapdragon processor, the Redmi Pro sounds like an even better offer.. The starting price for the Redmi Pro is RMB 1,499 or about $225; for that, you'll get the slower (but still 10-core) MediaTek Helio X20 processor, 3GB of RAM and 32GB of storage. For RMB 1,699 ($255) you'll get the faster Helio X25 processor, 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage. And RMB 1,999 ($300) will get you 4GB of RAM and 128GB of storage, coupled with the Helio X25 CPU.. We'll let that sink in: For 300 bucks, you can get a phone with dual cameras, 10 processor cores, and as much storage space as the top-of-the-line iPhone 6S, which costs nearly three times as much.. The Redmi Pro is not the first phone with a deca-core processor on the market; Meizu's Pro 6 sports the same processor and has a 21-megapixel (single) rear camera. However, it's priced higher, especially if you opt in for more storage. We'll need to take a closer look at the Redmi Pro to see how it performs in the real world (that dual camera, supposedly offering a DSLR-like bokeh effect, is particularly interesting), but right now it sounds like a very attractive smartphone at an insanely low price.. Xiaomi Redmi Pro will be available in China through Xiaomi's Mi.com , as well as Mi Home stores on August 6.. About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory. is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe.. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for xiaomi redmi pro. All Listings - Current page. results for xiaomi redmi pro. Save xiaomi redmi pro to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow xiaomi redmi pro to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Luxury Hard Armor Shockproof Silicone Cover Case For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 3 Pro. 360° Full Protector Case Cover+Tempered Glass for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 4 5s Mi5s. For Xiaomi Redmi Phone Case Ultra Slim Soft TPU Shockproof Silicone Cover Skin. Ultra Slim Antiskid Shockproof TPU Case For Xiaomi Redmi Note5A Pro Prime Armor. Ultra Thin Rubber Shockproof Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 3s 3Pro Note3 4 Pro 4A. For Xiaomi Redmi 4A/Note 4X Luxury Flip Leather Slim Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. Shockproof Brushed Soft TPU Case Cover For Xiaomi Note 4/Redmi 3S Prime 3 Pro 5A. For Xiaomi Redmi 3 3S Note 3 Pro Matte Protective Hard PC Slim Back Case Cover. 5.5" Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Pro Prime 4GB+64GB/3GB+3 2GB 4G LTE Smartphone Touch ID. New Hybrid 360° Slim Hard case + Tempered Glass for Xiaomi Redmi 3s /3 pro Note4. 360° Shockproof Transparent Silicone Soft TPU Case Cover Skin For Xiaomi & Redmi. For Xiaomi Redmi 3S/3 Pro/3s Prime Various Cover TPU Back Soft Case Clear Skin. For Xiaomi Mi A1/Max 2/Redmi 4X Luxury Hard Armor Shockproof Silicone Case Cover. iPaky Shockproof Hybrid PC Bumper Soft Rubber Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 4/ Pro. Solf TPU Armor Shockproof Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 3s 4A 4 Pro Prime Note4X 3. For Xiaomi Redmi 4X 5A 5 Plus Note 4 360° Full Cover Shockproof Hybrid Back Case. For Xiaomi Redmi 5A 4X/Note 4X 5A Business Slim Leather Case Flip Wallet Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4/4X Slim Hybrid Hard PC Armor Stand Shockproof Case Cover. For XiaoMi 5X A1 Redmi 4X Note 3 4 5A Slim Hybrid Shockproof Silicone Case Cover. Luxury Slim PU Leather Soft Phone Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 3 Pro 3S /Note 4. Soft Silicone TPU Case For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 4 Full Protective Bumper Cover. Phone Cases For Xiaomi Redmi 4X Note 4 4X Pro Mi5s Mi6 Case Full Cover Housing. Noziroh Cover Case Silicone + Tempered Glass Xiaomi Redmi Notes 4 Pro Cover Thin. LCD Glass Digitizer Display Touch Screen Replacement For Xiaomi Redmi Pro 5.5". For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4X 5A Pro Protect Slim Silicone Rubber TPU Cover Case. Magnetic Pattern Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 3 4 Pro/Note 4X. For Xiaomi Redmi 4X Note 4 3 Case Liquid Quicksand Glitter Soft Rubber TPU Cover. Fashion Shockproof TPU Soft Rubber Case Back Cover For XiaoMi RedMi Note 3 4/Pro. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro Note 4 360° Shockproof Soft Rubber Back Case Cover. Clear Back Hybrid 360° Shockproof Plating Case Cover For Xiaomi Mi A1 Redmi 4X. Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Case Cover For Xiaomi 6 A1 5X Redmi Note 3 4X 5A. For Xiaomi Redmi 4A Note 4X Shockproof Hybrid Stand Case Magnet Car Holder Cover. Luxury Slim Window Flip Leather Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4X/Mi A1 Mix2. Original Xiaomi Redmi 4 Pro Prime 32GB 5" MIUI8 Snapdragon 625 4G FDD Smartphone. 4 new & refurbished from $164.99. For Xiaomi Mi 5X A1 Redmi Note 4/5A Magnetic Flip Leather Wallet Card Case Cover. For Xiaomi 5X/MAX2/Redmi Note 4X 5A Business Slim Leather Case Flip Wallet Cover. Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Case Cover For Xiaomi 6 A1 5X Redmi Note 3 4X 5A. LCD Display Digitizer Touch Screen Frame for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 5.5" +tools+3M. LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4 Pro Prime. 360° Full Cover Hybrid Case + Tempered Glass For Xiaomi A1 6 Redmi Note 4 4X 5A. For Xiaomi Redmi 4X 3 Pro Note 4 4S Shockproof Slim Carbon Fiber Cover Soft Case. For Xiaomi Redmi 4 Pro/4 Prime Black Slim Soft Silicone Rubber Back Case Cover. Ultra-thin Original Leather Flip Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 3S/Note 2/3/Mi 4/5. For Xiaomi Redmi 3S /3S Pro Rubber TPU Cover Silicone Soft Back Protective Case. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X PRO Snapdragon 625 Android 6 Dual SIM Smartphone 5.5" 32GB. For Xiaomi Redmi 4S 4A 4X Note 4X Slim Soft TPU Silicone Painted Back Case Cover. Hot Flip Wallet Magnetic Card Leather Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 4 Note 4X. Utra Thin Slim Case Soft Silicone Cover Transparent For Xiaomi Redmi 4X 4A 4 Pro. Slim Original Leather Flip Case Skin Cover For Xiaomi A1 Mix Max 2/Note 3 4X 5A. Xiaomi Redmi 4 Pro Prime 5.0" FHD Snapdragon 625 Octa Core CPU 3GB+32GB 13MP 4G. NEW Ultra Thin Slim Silicone Soft Rubber TPU Back Case Cover For XiaoMi Phones. For XiaoMi 5 6 Redmi 4 Pro 4X Note 5A Luxury Slim Leather View Window Cover Case. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 5A PRO Luxury Ultra-thin Slim Matte Hard Back Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 5A Case Liquid Quicksand Glitter Soft Rubber Skin Cover. 360° Full Protector Case +Tempered Glass for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro 3S 4 5S. Xiaomi Redmi 4 /4 Pro/4 Prime/ 5/ 5A/ 5 Plus 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector. For Xiaomi Phones Ultra Thin Slim Silicone Soft Rubber TPU Back Case Skin Cover. For Xiaomi Mi A1 5X Luxury Shockproof Ultra Slim PC Heat Dissipation Case Cover. Cases for Mobile Phone XiaoMi Redmi Pro Dont Touch Red Case+1 Tempered Glass 9H. Ultra Thin Antiskid Shockproof TPU Armor Case For Xiaomi Redmi 4s 4 Pro Prime. Sold 2000+ Fit Mi A1 5X Redmi 4 Pro Note 2/3 Fast Time. Google Play Store! 4100mAh Free shipping !Global ROM !. **Hot Sale**√ For Xiaomi Redmi√ Free Shipping On Time√. *100% CONNICS Brand * Good Quality * Best Price * Fast*. No tax DUTY& Multi-language & in stock & 4100mAh. Fit For Xiaomi 5X Redmi 3S 4S 4X 4A 5A/Note 4X 5A 5Plus. 100% NEW&FREE SHIPPING&For Xiaomi A1 Max 2 Redmi 4X 5A. For Xiaomi A1 5 6 Mix Max 2&Redmi 3 4 4X 5 Note 3 4 5A. Fit Xiaomi Mi 5C 5S 6 Plus Redmi 3S 4A Note 4X Pro. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. Xiaomi Redmi Pro is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Popularly known as the "Apple of China" for both its insipration and innovation. Xiaomi enjoys a massive following around the globe. Making its appearence in India in 2014, it soon topped the popularity charts by offering high-end specs at low price tags.. Xiaomi has service centers in most major cities in the country. Xiaomi Redmi Pro details Read more. Excellent cameras Outstanding battery backup Slim body VOLTE support. The Xiaomi Redmi Pro is a great handset which packs in a lot of features. It has dual cameras which arrange depth-of-field and refocus the image after you have taken the shot. The superior RAM renders outstanding performance and even the battery backup of the phone is very good. Coming to the display, the OLED super black super bright screen, results in marvellous visualisation, be it gaming or watching videos. If hybrid SIM is not an issue, then this phone is very worthy to opt out.. A Powerful one with impressive cameras. The Xiaomi Redmi Pro flaunts a 5.5-inch OLED Full HD (1,080 x 1,920 pixels) display and features a pixel density of 401ppi. It is wrapped in a fully metal chassis and is available in three colour variants namely - gold, dark grey and silver. For running the system, there are three processors, dual-core 2.1GHz Cortex A72, quad-core 1.8GHz Cortex A53 and quad-core 1.4 GHz Cortex A53. They are coupled with 3GB of RAM, Mali-T880 MP4 graphics engine and are seated upon MediaTek MT6797 chipset. The handset comes with a fingerprint scanner embedded in the home key and boots on Android v6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system.. For clicking pictures, the handset is armed with dual cameras (13MP + 5MP) at the back which claims to shoot SLR quality pictures. One can record 1,080p (30fps) videos and 720p slow motion videos. For selfie admirers, there is a 5MP (2.0F aperture) camera in the front with wide angle feature. On the storage ground, the device houses an internal memory of 32GB which can be further expanded upto 128GB using a microSD card.. The device sips its juice from a 4,050mAh li-polymer battery which can run upto two days in normal usage. In terms of connectivity, the device offers options such as dual SIM, 4G (supports Indian bands), VOLTE support, 3G, 2G, Wi-Fi 802.11, b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, Mobile Hotspot, Bluetooth v4.2, GPS with A-GPS, Glonass and with A-GPS, Glonass and USB Type C.. This product is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Deca Core (2.1 GHz, Dual Core + 1.85 GHz, Quad core + 1.4 GHz, Quad core). 13 MP + 5 MP Dual Primary Cameras. Performance ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Display ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Battery ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life. Supports Indian bands VoLTE 32 GB + 128 GB Expandable Dual SIM: Micro + Nano (Hyb... Xiaomi Redmi Pro is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. Mobile Phones in range of 15000 to 20000. SIM1: Micro SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones. 5.5 inches (13.97 cm) Screen Resolution. Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display. Pixel Density compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen. Deca Core (2.1 GHz, Dual core, Cortex A72 + 1.85 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53 + 1.4 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53). Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor. Dual core, 2.1 GHz, Cortex A72 + Quad core, 1.85 GHz Cortex A53 + Quad core, 1.4 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: MediaTek MT6797. Quad core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Spreadtrum SC7731G. Dual core, 2.53 GHz, Monsoon + Quad core, 1.42 GHz Mistral, Chipset: Apple A11 Bionic. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage. Internal Memory compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory. 13 MP + 5 MP Dual Primary Cameras. Exposure compensation, ISO control Shooting Modes. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Digital image stabilization, Face detection, Smile detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. 1920x1080 @ 30 fps, 1280x720 @ 120 fps. Rear Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera. Front Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life. SIM1: Micro, SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network Support. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G VoLTE. TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) / 2500(band 41) / 1900(band 39) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. TD-LTE 2600(band 38) / 2300(band 40) / 2500(band 41) / 1900(band 39) FD-LTE 2100(band 1) / 1800(band 3) / 2600(band 7) / 900(band 8). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Gyroscope. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android Xiaomi Phablet Dual SIM Camera 2 MP & above Camera 5 MP & above Camera 8 MP & above Camera 12 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Octa core 2.0 GHz vs Dual core 2.1 GHz. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. Higher battery capacity: 4100 mAH vs 4050 mAH. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi 7665 people viewed together 13194 people compared together. More internal memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. Lesser weight: 165 grams vs 174 grams. More thickness: 8.4 mm vs 8.1 mm. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.7 inches vs 5.5 inches. Dual core 2.35 GHz vs Dual core 2.1 GHz. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 2127 people viewed together 2823 people compared together. Higher primary camera resolution: 22.5 MP vs 13 MP. Higher battery capacity: 4070 mAH vs 4050 mAH. Higher pixel density: 515 ppi vs 401 ppi. More internal memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Lesser thickness: 7.3 mm vs 8.1 mm. Lesser weight: 166 grams vs 174 grams. I don't want to see this. Dual core 2.15 GHz vs Dual core 2.1 GHz. Higher pixel density: 428 ppi vs 401 ppi. More internal memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. OS: Android RAM: 3 GB SIM card slots: 2 713 people viewed together 2276 people compared together. Lesser weight: 145 grams vs 174 grams. Smaller screen : 5.15 inches vs 5.5 inches. Lower primary camera resolution: 12 MP vs 13 MP. Lower battery capacity: 3200 mAH vs 4050 mAH. Lower secondary camera resolution: 4 MP vs 5 MP. More thickness: 8.2 mm vs 8.1 mm. I don't want to see this. Octa core 1.4 GHz vs Dual core 2.1 GHz. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. Higher primary camera resolution: 16 MP vs 13 MP. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi Internal Memory: 32 GB 1694 people viewed together 2481 people compared together. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Lesser weight: 169 grams vs 174 grams. Lower battery capacity: 4000 mAH vs 4050 mAH. More thickness: 8.4 mm vs 8.1 mm. I don't want to see this. Octa core 1.4 GHz vs Dual core 2.1 GHz. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. Higher battery capacity: 4100 mAH vs 4050 mAH. OS: Android Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 1753 people viewed together 1556 people compared together. More internal memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. Lesser weight: 150 grams vs 174 grams. Smaller screen : 5 inches vs 5.5 inches. Lower pixel density: 294 ppi vs 401 ppi. More thickness: 8.6 mm vs 8.1 mm. I don't want to see this. Dual core 2.5 GHz vs Dual core 2.1 GHz. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. Higher primary camera resolution: 21 MP vs 13 MP. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi Internal Memory: 32 GB 3227 people viewed together 2785 people compared together. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Lesser thickness: 7.5 mm vs 8.1 mm. Lesser weight: 153 grams vs 174 grams. Lower battery capacity: 3000 mAH vs 4050 mAH. View all FAQs about Xiaomi Redmi Pro. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Xiaomi Redmi Pro India me kab launch hoga?. Answered by Mitali Kapoor | 2 months ago. xiaomi Redmi Pro is expected to release in December 2017. Though there is no official confirmation regarding the same.. I want to buy a phone between Honor 8 lite, redmi pro and redmi note 4x.. Answered by Ananya Punj | 6 months ago. Redmi Pro is better than Honor 8 Lite and Redmi Note 4X as it has. Around 19% faster CPU than Huawei Honor 8 Lite. Faster CPU means more smooth experience,. Around 5% bigger screen than Huawei Honor 8 Lite. Reading, browsing the internet and watching movies is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen, and has. More cores result in better parallelism, meaning more tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface.. 1 more answer(s) | Spam?. When is xiaomi redmi pro launching?This site said it will launch on 20th May 2017,nut its not yet launched....need this phone..anyone provide its launch date in india. Answered by vaidikshuklakwd | 9 months ago. According to me there is no information of Redmi pro and it's not last launching in India may be. What is the exact launch date of redmi pro?. Answered by Abhi Singh | 10 months ago. As per the website expected release date is. Answered by Shaan Mehta | 10 months ago. Nowadays, mostly all brands give Hybrid slot. I think coz most of the phones has unibody design and they don't want to make 1 extra ejectable tray.. People who viewed Xiaomi Redmi Pro also viewed. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
Sign up for our weekly newsletter!. News Reviews Articles Buying Guide Sample Images Videos Cameras Lenses Phones Printers Forums Galleries Challenges. Help DPReview: Take our visitor survey!. Xiaomi Redmi Pro quick review: dual-cam on a budget. Xiaomi Redmi Pro quick review: dual-cam on a budget. quick review: dual-cam on a budget. The Redmi Pro's camera app is intuitively structured and easy to use. ISO 434, 1/30 sec, F2.4 virtual aperture. ISO 101, 1/1445 sec, F2.0 virtual aperture. ISO 101, 1/896 sec, F3.5 virtual aperture. In the gallery app several effects can be applied to Stereo images. Good exposure and color across the ISO range. No manual control over shutter speed. Dual-cameras are all the hype in 2016 and we have seen several high-end smartphones with the technology being launched in the past months, including the Huawei P9 , LG G5 and, most recently, the Apple iPhone 7 Plus. the dual-camera technology in different ways, one thing is common to all of those devices: a high price tag.. In the mid-range bracket of the market dual-cameras are still a rarity, but with the Redmi Pro, Chinese manufacturer Xiaomi has recently launched a dual-camera smartphone that is suitable for smaller budgets. The standard version with 3GB RAM and 32GB of internal memory is currently available for approximately $300. Not only is the dual-camera unusual at this price point, but. its very solid metal body, deca-core chipset and 5.5" OLED display make the. Redmi Pro look and feel like a much more expensive device.. dual-camera setup combines a 13MP Sony IMX258 1/3.06" sensor with a 5MP Samsung depth sensor. The system does does not offer any optical zoom capability, as. on the LG G5 or iPhone 7 Plus, nor does it combine the captured image information from both sensors for improved image quality, ala. Instead, it uses the dual-camera to simulate the bokeh of a fast lens on a large-sensor camera, something we first saw on the HTC One M8. There is also a dual-tone LED flash and at the front the Xiaomi comes with a 5MP selfie-camera.. retailer Gearbest.com that ships Xiaomi devices worldwide, we've had the chance to try the Redmi Pro and its dual-camera, shoot a wide range of samples and see how it generally performs as a device for mobile photography.. The Redmi Pro's camera app comes with a pleasantly simple and intuitive design. Above the shutter button you can find the button for switching to video mode. Other controls on the main screen let you activate HDR capture and the dual-cam's Stereo mode. Swiping up opens the camera mode screen where you can enter Panorama and Manual modes among others. The latter only offers manual ISO and white balance, though. Swiping down on the main screen opens up a thumbnail preview array of 12 simple filter effects.. In bright light the Xiaomi Redmi Pro camera captures 13MP images that show very pleasant colors and good exposure in most conditions. For a smartphone in this price category the Redmi deals well with higher contrast scenes, keeping highlight clipping pretty well under control.. Things don't look quite as good when you start zooming into the image, though.. At the center of the frame, image detail is decent for a mid-range device and luminance noise is kept at bay as well. However, our test sample's lens shows strong softness on both the right and left edges of the frame, which. is quite noticeable when viewing the image at screen size.. In low light situations the Redmi Pro uses a maximum ISO setting of 2050 and slowest shutter speed of 1/15 sec, which in combination with the F2.0 aperture, allows for usable exposures even in pretty dark interiors and night scenes. There is no optical image stabilization, so holding the phone steadily when shooting in dim conditions is recommended, but overall camera shake is not too much of an issue.. As you can see in the samples below, the Redmi Pro is capable of capturing nice exposures and colors, even in pretty dim light. Lens softness aside, detail is pretty good for this type of device at lower ISO levels, but things start falling apart at ISO 800 and above. On the plus side, luminance noise is well-managed and chroma noise is hardly visible, even at the highest sensitivity setting. Overall, the Redmi Pro's low light images look nice at web and typical social network size, but at larger viewing sizes the smearing of detail and strong lens softness don't make for a good combination.. Stereo mode is The Redmi Pro's feature highlight. Thanks to the secondary depth-sensing camera, the Redmi can distinguish between foreground and background. Applying digital blur to the latter simulates the shallow depth-of-field you can achieve with a DSLR and fast lens. In the camera app you adjust the 'virtual aperture' between F0.95 and F5.6 to control the degree of background blur. Alternatively you can change the focus point and the aperture after capture in the gallery app.. As you can see in the samples below, the feature works reasonably well, but under closer scrutiny it becomes obvious that Stereo mode is not too precise at distinguishing the focal plane, and the transition of blur is often too abrupt to look natural. Generally things look better if you choose a smaller aperture setting and make sure there is some distance between the foreground subject and the background. Stereo images are captured in 16:9 format and are 5.3 MP large.. In addition to refocusing and controlling the background blur you can apply a range of effects to your Stereo images in the gallery app. Again, the foreground/background separation is not too precise, but the modes can be fun to play with.. In its price bracket the Xiaomi Redmi Pro can score a lot of points with its premium look and materials, a bright and sharp OLED display and very good battery life. The 13MP camera delivers good color and exposure across the ISO range but our test sample suffered from strong lens softness away from the center of the frame.. The dual-camera does not offer the same zooming or image quality improvement functions we have seen on some recent high-end models, but the effects can be fun to play with. Close-up the results of the shallow depth-of-field simulation do look a little artificial but they are good enough for social sharing.. Overall, the Redmi Pro looks like a good choice for those who want a high-end look and feel for little money and want to try out the dual-camera as a bonus. However, if image quality is your number one priority, and you can live without the dual-cam and metal body, the Motorola Moto G Plus. might be a good alternative at a similar price point. The 32GB version of the Xiaomi Redmi Pro is currently available at Gearbest.com for $270.. images in our Xiaomi Redmi Pro. Please do not reproduce any of these images on a website or any newsletter / magazine without prior permission (see our copyright page ). We make the originals available for private users to download to their own machines for personal examination or printing (in conjunction with this review), we do so in good faith, please don't abuse it.. Unless otherwise noted images taken with no particular settings at full resolution.. Tags: review , mobile , android , xiaomi. Xiaomi Redmi Pro results on Amazon.com. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 5.5-Inch GSM Unlocked Smartphone with Dual LTE, 32GB, Dual Sim, 13MP, No Warranty - International Version (Gold) $157.95 Shop now Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 32GB Black, 5.5", Dual Sim, 13MP, GSM Unlocked Global Model, No Warranty $157.32 Shop now Xiaomi Redmi Note3 Unlocked Cell Phone, 32GbFeatures], LTE Factory $188.15 Shop now MG [Black]Original Xiaomi selfie stick Monopod Shutter Holder Extendable Handheld Wired Selfie Stick Shutter for IOS Android Mobile Phone $19.98 Shop now Accessory for Xiaomi Genuine 1.2A Redmi Pro Compact Wall and Car Charger 3 Piece Kit with USB Type-C 3.1 Data Sync Cable! (Black / 110-240v) $14.77 Shop now. xiaomi is cheaper but creating powerful phones.. I wonder if the soft edges can be rectified with future firmware. Could be conflict between the two lenses.. Why there is not score in this review?. Can it replace my digital camera?. I wouldn't mind picking one of these up as an alternative to apple and Samsung. Dpreview, your phone must have a defective lens, GSM arena has tested the phone and there is no such lens softness on the sides.. So, as usual, no complete set of US LTE bands?. and not sure why that wasn't mentioned... if it can't give me the top speeds.. its kinda useless here in the US eh?. OLED, metal body, microSD slot, fast CPU performance, and at an aggressive price. Unfortunately, that excellent price is only in China.. Don't like the pics at all.... Today, the second batch of "Xiaomi Mi Mix and Mi Note 2 sell out again in less than a minute":. A week ago, the first batch of "Xiaomi's edgeless Mi Mix smartphone sells out in 10 seconds during flash sale":. I will not buy Xiaomi Redmi Pro from "Gearbest.com for $270" as Lars Rehm leads us too.. This is a $160 phone as seem from Xiaomi's home page:. BTW, $160 USD ( CNY 1099 China Yuan) is MFC's listed price.. yep, if you live in China you should definitely order directly. This is exactly why Americans have it great to buy the new Apple Macbook Pro 15" directly. It's a steal at $2499 for the US :D. Thats not actually a bad thing. I am more than happy to spend the extra $110 to get the luxury of not living in China.. @HeezDeadJim; EUR 2349 is USD 2586 which is APPLE's pricing structure for different regions, and USD 2586 is not too far from $2499.. @straylightrun; You totally missed my point. The Gearbest.com part seems an Ad for Gearbest.com, andLars Rehm may tell us more.. I was make a joke about the "steal price" of any Apple product -_-. At 40% of the price of iPhone 7+ I am sure this will tempt lots of new consumers to try the brand.. until they order it, use it and realize they are only getting 3G speeds!!!. Thanks Lars, Will the new Huawie Honor 8 be reviewed anytime soon?. Phone photography has come a long way so far.. Not sure I'll get around to test the Honor 8 but from all I can see the dual-cam is very similar to the Huawei P9 which we have already tested.. Yikes, "Stereo Mode" is downright awful. The portrait looks really weird, and the filters for the mode take a nice chunk out of the subject's head. It isn't much better on the other subjects. I guess you get what you pay for here...it's definitely not iPhone 7 or Google Pixel quality, but this is simply cheaper.. I only see another cellphone camera. I bet the trip to Spain was better.. Did you use any other camera on your trip?. hey, I spend most of my time here, so most of my pictures with most my cameras and cellphones are taken here :). I spend most of my time right around the corner and most of my pictures are from Madrid or Northern Spain.. The depth detection is a great proof-of-concept. Of course if the second camera was farther and the sensor the same as the primary, the results would be even closer to natural.. Creating a better camera phone is pretty much a fool's errand.. We camera geeks think the world is demanding better camera phones. Ones with enhanced fake bokeh, and dual cameras for "real optical zoom" and all sorts of modular snap on gadgets for a more "camera like experience.". camera phones were good enough for ordinary users two years ago. Good enough for web sharing, and for selfies.. And making them even better won't sell very more of them. This is just a fantasy promoted by the camera geeks. The numbers tell the real story. The market for cheap P&S cameras has collapsed, but it is stable or growing for ILCs, superzoom cameras and rugged cameras. Beyond that point, market declines are due to the maturity of the technology and market saturation, and not because "enthusiasts want smart phones instead.". only users of this forum are demanding more... plenty of millions of folks just whip out their phone, hit auto capture and upload to facebook whether its a good photo or not... what you have is good enough... Firstly, whether "smartphone cameras were good enough two years ago" is entirely subjective. To me they only became good enough this year with IMX378.. Secondly, even if they were good enough on some phones ( say, Iphone 6Plus, for example), they were priced well out of reach for most people. 2016 has brough great technology like IMX378 to true mainstream, See the prices of Mi 5S.. I think there is a lot more room for improvement:. 1, Apple is taking the right direction with dual lens set up, one wide and normal. I see no reason why they cannot have 3 lenses next time, 24mm, 40nmm, 70mm.. 2, dual identical lens setup (Clearsigh, M5s Plus) shows a lot promise, if they did it with 2 IMX 378 class sensors and OIS, you can easily have a phone camera rival the lowlight IQ of a premium 1inch compact and low end APS-C DSLR with kit lens.. 3, Dual identical sensor and lens for high quality 4K stereo 3D movie shooting.. There is absolutely no doubt that camera phones can be improved. And there is also no doubt that someone will want a "better camera phone.". But I still refuse to believe that most camera phone users are unhappy with the image quality they get and would switch phones to get better image quality.. If it were true, then those "better camera phones" would be selling in the hundreds of millions rather than in the tens of thousands.. Those high end Lumina, Lenovo and Google phones barely have any noticeable market share.. Your OP was 2014 cameras are "good enough", not that "users are not unhappy". these are two very different things.. My 4 years old D600 is "good enough", I will probably not upgrade for another 4 years.. I was not unhappy with my 2014 smartphone camera, but it was definitely far from good enough.. I would have called it solarisation rather than blackbaord.. the fake bokeh is really fake. The Samsung Galaxy S7 does it much better, but again the Redmi is much cheaper.. I buy Redmi 3pro after i try my daughter's Redmi 3s, Xiaomi is the best value brand in cell phone market. A 4100mh battery with hexacore Snapdragon 650 and 3gb ram for 150 euro!! The camera is way better than anything in that price tag. Just you have to use the ''open camera'' app, because the app coming with the phone is slow with to many filters.. Very happy with my Redmi Note 2, which works flawlessly and was dirt cheap.. Redmi Note 3 here, got from Gearbest last February for 185€. The camera is nothing special, but overall it's an amazing phone, even without taking its price into account.. Because the blur is constant irrespective of distance, right?. being a Xiaomi costumer for nearly 3 years, I can surely say that the camera performance of their various devices is solid - not the best in class, but not low-end. However, the combination of quality parts (i.e.: LED by Philips, camera sensor by Sony, etc. ..), the competitive pricing and the no-hassle interface are on of the best in the market.. Nokia 8 Sirocco features 2x optical zoom and Carl Zeiss optics. Samsung unveils Galaxy S9 with variable aperture and super-slow-motion. Huawei launches MediaPad M5 Pro tablet with M-Pen. DPReview on TWiT: tech trends in smartphone cameras. Canon EOS M50 first impressions review. Canon's new entry level mirrorless camera has 4K, expanded Dual Pixel AF coverage and improved connectivity. We've taken an in-depth look at what's new and promising – and where it comes up short.. first impressions Feb 15, 2018 at 05:00. The Fujifilm X-H1 is a top-of-the-range 24MP mirrorless camera with in-body stabilization and the company's most advanced array of video capabilities. We've been shooting with one for a while now and have put together a gallery, a sample video and some preliminary analysis.. Panasonic Lumix DC-GX9 First Impressions Review and Sample Gallery. first impressions Feb 13, 2018 at 13:00. Panasonic's Lumix DC-GX9 is a rangefinder-style mirrorless camera that offers quite a few upgrades over its predecessor, with a lower price tag to boot. We've spent the weekend with the GX9 and have plenty of thoughts to share, along with an initial set of sample photos.. Panasonic Lumix DC-ZS200/TZ200: First Impressions Review. first impressions Feb 13, 2018 at 13:00. Panasonic's new premium compact boasts a 24-360mm equiv. F3.3-6.4 zoom lens, making it the longest reaching 1"-type pocket camera on the market. We spent a little time with it; read our first impressions.. Review: Google Pixel 2 is the best smartphone for stills photographers. review Feb 12, 2018 at 14:00. The Pixel 2 pushes the envelope in terms of what can be accomplished with computational photography. Find out why it earns our highest ever score for a smartphone camera in our full review.. Buying Guide: Best cameras for landscapes. Landscape photography isn't as simple as just showing up in front of a beautiful view and taking a couple of pictures. Landscape shooters have a unique set of needs and requirements for their gear, and we've selected some of our favorites in this buying guide.. Buying Guide: Best cameras for parents. Kids really are the ultimate test for a camera's autofocus system. We've compiled a short list of what we think are the best options for parents trying to keep up with young kids, and narrowed it down to one best all-rounder.. Buying Guide: Best cameras over $2000. If you're a serious enthusiast or working pro, the very best digital cameras on the market will cost you at least $2000. That's a lot of money, but generally speaking these cameras offer the highest resolution, the best build quality and the most advanced video specs out there, as well as fast burst rates and top-notch autofocus.. Buying Guide: Best cameras for video. Video features have become an important factor to many photographers when choosing a new camera. Read on to find out which cameras we think are best for the videophile.. Buying Guide: Best cameras for sports and action. Are you a speed freak? Hungry to photograph anything that goes zoom? Or perhaps you just want to get Sports Illustrated level shots of your child's soccer game. Keep reading to find out which cameras we think are best for sports and action shooting.. Lost For Words! by wam7 from Humerous Animals Jimmy by bofo777 from Portrait of the groom. Canon EOS M50 first impressions review. Canon's new entry level mirrorless camera has 4K, expanded Dual Pixel AF coverage and improved connectivity. We've taken an in-depth look at what's new and promising – and where it comes up short.. Feb 26, 2018 164 first impressions. Canon announces EOS M50 with 24MP sensor, 4K video and built-in EVF. Canon is taking the wraps off the EOS M50, a beginner-friendly mirrorless camera that's the first in the company's M-series to offer 4K video capture. It uses a 24MP APS-C sensor with Dual Pixel autofocus, a new Digic 8 processor and unlike its M100 sibling, provides a built-in viewfinder.. Feb 26, 2018 76 camera news. Canon's clever new Speedlite 470EX-AI automatically adjusts to bounce flash. By determining its distance to a subject and distance to the ceiling, the Canon Speedlite 470EX-AI automatically pivots to create an optimal angle for bounce flash – helping flash beginners create more flattering portraits with ease.. Flashes for the masses: Why the Canon 470EX-AI is a big deal. It's not often that a new flashgun will get us really excited, but the Canon 470EX-AI isn't your ordinary flashgun. Here's why we think it's worth a look, particularly for photographers who haven't yet taken the plunge into artificial lighting.. Canon introduces EOS Rebel T7 with updated 24MP sensor. Canon's beginner-friendly DSLR just got an update, and now includes a higher resolution 24MP sensor, but the rest remains broadly familiar. It arrives in April with a 18-55mm F3.5-5.6 II kit lens for $550.. Feb 26, 2018 28 camera news. Nokia 8 Sirocco features 2x optical zoom and Carl Zeiss optics. The Nokia 8 Sirocco swaps the original 8's secondary monochrome sensor for a tele-lens with 2x zoom.. Samsung unveils Galaxy S9 with variable aperture and super-slow-motion. Samsung's new Galaxy S9 and S9+ smartphones come with a range of innovative camera features and functions.. Huawei launches MediaPad M5 Pro tablet with M-Pen. The larger version of Huawei's new premium tablet features a stylus with 4096 levels of pressure for easier image editing and note-taking.. Fujifilm X-H1 versus X-T2: what does the new camera bring?. The Fujifilm X-H1 takes its place above the previous range-topping X-T2. What does the new camera bring to the table, and what kind of photographer is it designed for?. Tiffen announces foot operated gas-lift Steadicam Air monopod. Tiffen has joined the monopod market with the new Steadicam Air. The Steadicam Air is a three-section carbon fibre model that uses a gas spring and foot pedal close to the base to quickly and easily adjust the monopod's height.. Kodak Alaris is bringing back T-Max P3200 high-speed B&W film. Kodak Alaris is resurrecting yet another film photography product. Kodak's T-Max P3200 high-speed B&W film—which the company says can be push processed to ISO 25,000—is officially coming back in March!. Ex-Lexar execs have launched a new memory card company, here's why you should care. ProGrade Digital is new brand of memory cards aimed at professional photographers and demanding amateurs. Here's what sets ProGrade apart, and why the company believes it can compete with the big guys.. Sigma 14-24mm F2.8 DG HSM Art will cost just $1,300, seriously undercuts Nikon. Sigma announced pricing and availability for its much-anticipated 14-24mm F2.8 Art lens today, revealing that the ultra-wide zoom will begin shipping mid-March for $1,300 USD.. Feb 23, 2018 138 lens news. 'Perfect' sensors may be possible, but might not come to cameras. A recent breakthrough means the future could include sensors that perfectly describe the light in the scene, offer new computational possibilities and give film-like latitude in the highlights. And yet we may never see them in cameras, says father of the CMOS sensor, Professor Eric Fossum.. Tokina unveils the FíRIN 20mm F2.0 FE AF autofocus lens for Sony E-Mount. The Tokina FíRIN 20mm F2 FE AF is a followup to the MF version released in 2016, which adds (you guessed it) autofocus capabilities. Optically, the two lenses are identical.. Feb 22, 2018 79 lens news. New Sony release cable enables dual-shooting with the RX0. The VMC-MM2 release cable allows owners of Sony's ultra-compact RX0 to sync the sort-of action camera with a Sony alpha (or Cyber-shot) camera and capture photos and video simultaneously.. Sony announces new flagship guide number 60 HVL-F60RM wireless flash. Sony just released a new wireless flagship flash for E-mount with guide number 60. The HVL-F60RM offers "high-power flash output, reliable continuous performance and advanced control features with integrated radio control options.". Leaked: Tokina to announce Opera 50mm F1.4 FF and FíRIN 20mm F2 FE AF lenses. The Opera 50mm F1.4 FF is a full-frame lens for Nikon and Canon mounts, while the FíRIN 20mm F2 FE AF for Sony E-Mount replaces the FíRIN 20mm F2 FE MF announced in September of 2016.. Feb 22, 2018 103 lens news. What it's like to photograph the Olympics. Two veteran sports photographers share stories and tips from photographing the Olympics, as well as other high-profile sporting events throughout history.. Feb 22, 2018 Feature Shoot 1. Panasonic GX9 added to 'Best Cameras under $1000' buying guide. We've added the Panasonic GX9 to this buying guide to to place its specifications and features in context, alongside its competition. When our full review is complete the camera will be considered for an award.. Tamron announces 70-210mm F4 Di VC USD for full-frame DSLRs. Tamron has announced a full-frame 70-210mm F4 tele-zoom, boasting moisture-resistance, a minimum focus distance of 0.95m/37.4in and up to 5 stops of stabilization – all for $800.. Feb 22, 2018 101 lens news. Tamron is working on a 28-75mm F2.8 lens for full-frame Sony mirrorless cameras. Details are thin at this point, but the 28-75mm F2.8 Di III RXD will offer "superb optical performance" and a moisture-resistant construction.. Feb 22, 2018 223 lens news. Pentax K-1 Mark II: What you need to know. The Pentax K-1 Mark II promises less noise than its predecessor and offers a cool new Pixel Shift mode that lets you leave your tripod behind. Find out what's changed - and what hasn't.. Pentax K-1 Mark II shoots up to ISO 819,200, offers updated Pixel Shift. Ricoh has announced an updated version of its K-1 full-frame DSLR. The Pentax K-1 Mark II gains an additional 'accelerator' processor that enables improved image processing as well as a handheld version of its Pixel Shift Resolution mode.. Feb 21, 2018 273 camera news. Ricoh will let Pentax K-1 owners update their cameras to a Mark II for $550/£450/€500. For a limited time this summer, current K-1 owners will be able to send their cameras in for a circuit board replacement, essentially upgrading to a Mark II. They'll even get a Mark II logo swapped in on the front of the camera.. Feb 21, 2018 151 camera news. Panasonic unveils 'industry-first' 8K organic image sensor with global shutter. Panasonic has continued to develop its organic/CMOS image sensor tech, and the latest breakthrough is big: an image sensor that can shoot 8K at 60p, boasts incredible dynamic range, and has global shutter capability.. Here come the copyright bots, with lawyers in tow. Services like Copypants and Pixsy help anybody find copyright infringers, send take-down requests, and quickly demand licensing fees and damages. But do these automated systems also open the door to prolific copyright trolls?. Feb 21, 2018 Fast Company 25. The Chroma is a lightweight, affordable, easy-to-use 5x4 field camera. The new 5x4-inch field camera was designed by UK photographer and custom camera maker Steve Lloyd, and it promises to be lightweight, easy-to-use, unique, affordable and upgradable... as well as a bit funky.. Feb 21, 2018 200 camera news. Associated Press photographer's video shows 'travel photographers' staging photos. Ahad captured this video that shows how tourist 'travel photographers' will stage scenes in an attempt to capture award-winning images.. Really Right Stuff is moving from California to Utah to escape rising costs. Camera accessory manufacturer Really Right Stuff is relocating. The company is moving its headquarters from California to Utah, citing rising costs and promising 'expansion on every level' as a result of this move.. Tips or suggestions? Contact us!. All content, design, and layout are Copyright © 1998 - 2018 Digital Photography Review All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or part in any form or medium without specific written permission is prohibited.. 
Home > Topics > Xiaomi Redmi Pro. Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 leaked specifications reveal full HD LCD display, dual-cameras and more. Kul Bhushan | June 28, 2017 1:11 PM IST. We ve been hearing about Xiaomi s Redmi Pro 2 smartphone for several months now, which is supposed t.... Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 leaked specifications reveal full HD LCD display, dual-cameras and more. Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 leaked specifications reveal full HD LCD display, dual-cameras and more. Kul Bhushan | June 28, 2017 1:11 PM IST. We ve been hearing about Xiaomi s Redmi Pro 2 smartphone for several months now, which is supposed t.... Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 leaked specifications reveal full HD LCD display, dual-cameras and more. Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 specifications, features accidentally leaked in company listing. Rutu Ladage | May 22, 2017 10:20 AM IST. Xiaomi has accidentally listed the upcoming smartphone, Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 on the Mi.com site, givin.... Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 specifications, features accidentally leaked in company listing. Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 specifications, features accidentally leaked in company listing. Rutu Ladage | May 22, 2017 10:20 AM IST. Xiaomi has accidentally listed the upcoming smartphone, Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 on the Mi.com site, givin.... Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 specifications, features accidentally leaked in company listing. Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 with Snapdragon 660 SoC could launch this month. Marcia Sekhose | March 14, 2017 12:00 PM IST. All eyes are set on Xiaomi s upcoming flagship device, the Mi 6, which is expected to be unveiled on.... Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 with Snapdragon 660 SoC could launch this month. Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 with Snapdragon 660 SoC could launch this month. Marcia Sekhose | March 14, 2017 12:00 PM IST. All eyes are set on Xiaomi s upcoming flagship device, the Mi 6, which is expected to be unveiled on.... Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 with Snapdragon 660 SoC could launch this month. Xiaomi to launch Snapdragon 660-powered smartphone, could be the Redmi Pro 2. Marcia Sekhose | February 13, 2017 12:30 PM IST. Xiaomi began kicked off the new year in India with the launch of the Redmi Note 4, and also launched.... Xiaomi to launch Snapdragon 660-powered smartphone, could be the Redmi Pro 2. Xiaomi to launch Snapdragon 660-powered smartphone, could be the Redmi Pro 2. Marcia Sekhose | February 13, 2017 12:30 PM IST. Xiaomi began kicked off the new year in India with the launch of the Redmi Note 4, and also launched.... Xiaomi to launch Snapdragon 660-powered smartphone, could be the Redmi Pro 2. Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 image, features, pricing leaked ahead of launch. Deepali Moray | February 1, 2017 11:14 AM IST. Xiaomi announced the Redmi Pro -- its first smartphone to feature a dual-camera setup -- in July las.... Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 image, features, pricing leaked ahead of launch. Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 image, features, pricing leaked ahead of launch. Deepali Moray | February 1, 2017 11:14 AM IST. Xiaomi announced the Redmi Pro -- its first smartphone to feature a dual-camera setup -- in July las.... Xiaomi Redmi Pro 2 image, features, pricing leaked ahead of launch. Apple iPhone 7 dual-cameras explained: Here's how it is different from other smartphone cameras. Sambit Satpathy | September 8, 2016 5:25 PM IST. The new iPhones are official, and one the biggest talking points (besides the missing 3.5mm audio ja.... Apple iPhone 7 dual-cameras explained: Here's how it is different from other smartphone cameras. Apple iPhone 7 dual-cameras explained: Here's how it is different from other smartphone cameras. Sambit Satpathy | September 8, 2016 5:25 PM IST. The new iPhones are official, and one the biggest talking points (besides the missing 3.5mm audio ja.... Apple iPhone 7 dual-cameras explained: Here's how it is different from other smartphone cameras. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Mini with 5.2-inch display, no dual-camera setup leaked: Price, specifications, features. Sambit Satpathy | August 2, 2016 2:15 PM IST. It's been barely a week since Xiaomi launched the Redmi Pro in China, and already there are rumors a.... Xiaomi Redmi Pro Mini with 5.2-inch display, no dual-camera setup leaked: Price, specifications, features. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Mini with 5.2-inch display, no dual-camera setup leaked: Price, specifications, features. Sambit Satpathy | August 2, 2016 2:15 PM IST. It's been barely a week since Xiaomi launched the Redmi Pro in China, and already there are rumors a.... Xiaomi Redmi Pro Mini with 5.2-inch display, no dual-camera setup leaked: Price, specifications, features. Xiaomi Redmi Pro with dual-camera, Helio X25 10-core processor launched: Price, specifications and features. Maitrayee Iyer | July 27, 2016 12:46 PM IST. Xiaomi has finally launched the much-anticipated Redmi Pro smartphone at an event in China today. Xiaomi Redmi Pro with dual-camera, Helio X25 10-core processor launched: Price, specifications and features. Xiaomi Redmi Pro: Top 10 things you should know. Sambit Satpathy | July 27, 2016 12:59 PM IST. As expected, Xiaomi has today launched the much-rumored Redmi Pro smartphone. Xiaomi Redmi Pro: Top 10 things you should know. Xiaomi Redmi Pro specifications, features and photo leaked ahead of launch. Sambit Satpathy | July 27, 2016 11:30 AM IST. The Xiaomi Redmi Pro has been unveiled barely hours before Xiaomi 's event in Beijing. Xiaomi Redmi Pro specifications, features and photo leaked ahead of launch. Xiaomi Redmi Pro launching today; here's everything you need to know. Maitrayee Iyer | July 27, 2016 9:03 AM IST. Xiaomi is hosting an event in China today, where it is set to unveil the Redmi Pro. Xiaomi Redmi Pro launching today; here's everything you need to know. Xiaomi Redmi Pro with dual-camera, Helio X25 10-core processor launched: Price, specifications and features. Maitrayee Iyer | July 27, 2016 12:46 PM IST. Xiaomi has finally launched the much-anticipated Redmi Pro smartphone at an event in China today. Xiaomi Redmi Pro with dual-camera, Helio X25 10-core processor launched: Price, specifications and features. Xiaomi Redmi Pro: Top 10 things you should know. Sambit Satpathy | July 27, 2016 12:59 PM IST. As expected, Xiaomi has today launched the much-rumored Redmi Pro smartphone. Xiaomi Redmi Pro: Top 10 things you should know. Xiaomi Flipkart #india Xiaomi Redmi 1s Redmi 1s Flipkart Sale Smartphone Hugo Barra New Delhi Apple. चुनावी समर से पहले राहुल गांधी- अमित शाह के बीच लगी मंदिर यात्रा की होड़. ये हैं बॉलीवुड की 'चांदनी' श्रीदेवी की कुछ बेहतरीन तस्वीरें. ये हैं बॉलीवुड की 'चांदनी' श्रीदेवी की कुछ बेहतरीन तस्वीरें. रेलवे की वेटिंग लिस्ट में लागू होगा नया नियम, महिलाओं को होगा फायदा. केंद्र सरकार के रवैये से लोगों में अशांति फैल रही : चंद्रबाबू नायडू. Indian Premier League 2018 Holi 2018 Assembly Elections 2018 North East Jammu and Kashmir Narendra Modi Salman Khan Donald Trump Festivals & Events 2017 India vs South Africa 3rd T20I Match MWC 2018. Sridevi Funeral in Mumbai Live Updates. Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety Movie Review. Divyanka Tripathi shares memories from Nach Baliye 8, pays tribute to Sridevi. Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety becomes the third highest opening weekend grosser after Padmaavat and Pad Man. Sridevi's funeral in Mumbai LIVE updates: Forensic reports finally out; confirm "nothing suspicious" about the sudden death. Harvey Weinstein's New York studio to declare bankruptcy. IPL 2018: Ravichandran Ashwin appointed Kings XI Punjab's captain. New Zealand paceman Seth Rance helps firemen extinguish fire at local pub. Yuvzendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav have done really well, says Mohammad Hafeez. India vs South Africa, 5th Women’s T20I, statistical highlights. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact launched with bezel-less design. US top court to hear Microsoft case on data protection overseas. Apple to launch over-ear headphones in 2018. MWC 2018: Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, Nokia 6, Nokia 1 and Nokia 8110 unveiled. New steps taken to fight, understand glaucoma. Some facts about sudden cardiac arrest that you should know. 8 things to do in case of a sudden cardiac death according to an expert. Diet to reduce stroke risk aids to lessen depression risk. Sridevi dies due to cardiac arrest; a doctor explains why women need to take care of their heart health seriously. Advertise With Us | About Us | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Author Profiles. 
Get a fast reply to your questions. * Find the best promotions here!. * Seek special assistance from Monday to Saturday. For After-Sale issues such as defective / missing products, product operation issues, tracking a parcel or checking order status, you could submit a request for help.. Live chat customer services team-Available for Pre-Sale questions. Apple Accessories Electronics Mobile Phones & Accessories Lights & Lighting Sports & Outdoor Toys Hobbies and Robot Clothing and Apparel Bags & Shoes Home and Garden Health & Beauty Automobiles & Motorcycles Computer & Networking Jewelry and Watch Adult Toys & Apparel. Ulefone Cases Covers (1). " xiaomi redmi pro " 17 Results. xiaomi redmi note 3 pro ,. Replacement 1920X1080 LCD Display+Touch Screen For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Note 3 Pro 5.5 Inch. Lenuo PU Leather Ultra Slim Card Solt Flip Case For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro Special Global Edition. Armor Shockproof Stand Holder TPU+ PC Protective Case for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Note 4 Pro. LCD Display+Digitizer Touch Screen Assembly+Tools For Xiaomi Redmi 3 Redmi 3 Pro Redmi 3S. LCD Display+Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly Replacement For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4/Note 4 Pro Prime. Nillkin Amazing H+PRO Anti-Explosion Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. 9H Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Xiaomi Redmi 3 Redmi 3 Pro Redmi 3S. Frosted PC Hard Shell Cover Case For Xiaomi Redmi Pro. NILLKIN H+Pro Anti-Explosion Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Prime/Redmi Y1. 2Pcs 9H+ Anti-scratch Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Xiaomi Redmi 3 / 3S / 3X / 3 Pro 5". Simple Drop-resistance Soft Silicone TPU Back Case For Xiaomi Redmi 4 Pro. Lenuo PU Leather Soft Case for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro Global Edition. LCD Display+Touch Screen Digitizer Assembly Replacement With Tools For Xiaomi Redmi 3 3S 3X 3 Pro. LCD Inner Screen+Touch External Screen For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 3 Pro Prime. MOFI Classic PU Stand Leather Flip Smart Sleep Case For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Note 3 Pro. NILLKIN H Tempered Glass Screen Protector for XIAOMI RedMi Note 3/Note 3 Pro. NILLKIN H+PRO Anti-Explosion Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X. 1 - 17 of 17 Items. Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus Fingerprint 5.99 inch 3GB RAM 32GB Snapdragon 625 Octa core 4G Smartphone. Xiaomi Redmi 4X Global Edition 5.0 inch 3GB RAM 32GB ROM Snapdragon 435 Octa-core 4G Smartphone. Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus Fingerprint 5.99 inch 4GB RAM 64GB Snapdragon 625 Octa core 4G Smartphone. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Global Edition 5.5-inch 3GB RAM 32GB ROM Snapdragon 625 Octa-core 4G Smartphone. Camera Mount 25° For Eachine Wizard X220 Gopro Xiaomi Yi SJ4000 FPV Camera RC Drone FPV Racing Multi Rotor. Xiaomi Pro 300Mbps Wifi Amplifier Wireless Wifi Signal Extender Repeater. Bakeey 2 in 1 Type C to 3.5mm Audio Jack Charger Adapter Headphone Cable for Letv 2 Pro Max Xiaomi 6. NILLKIN Amazing H+PRO Anti-Explosion Tempered Glass Screen Protector For Xiaomi Mi Mix 2. Xiaomi Mijia Bluetooth Temperature Humidity Sensor LCD Screen Digital Thermometer Hygrometer Moisture Meter. Original Xiaomi Mijia Upgrade Version Smart Home WiFi Remote Control Multifunctional Gateway Work with Smart Sensor Kit. Xiaomi Mi A1 MiA1 Dual Rear Camera 5.5 inch 4GB RAM 64GB Snapdragon 625 Octa core 4G Smartphone. Bakeey X3 0.96inch IP68 Heart Rate Blood Pressure Monitor Pedometer Smart Bracelet For iphone Xiaomi. Dual Windows Flip Leather Back Case Cover For Redmi 3 Pro Redmi 3S with Fingerprint Function. Xiaomi Redmi 4X Global Edition 5.0 inch 3GB RAM 32GB ROM Snapdragon 435 Octa-core 4G Smartphone. Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus Fingerprint 5.99 inch 3GB RAM 32GB Snapdragon 625 Octa core 4G Smartphone. Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus Fingerprint 5.99 inch 4GB RAM 64GB Snapdragon 625 Octa core 4G Smartphone. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Global Edition 5.5-inch 3GB RAM 32GB ROM Snapdragon 625 Octa-core 4G Smartphone. Get $50 worth of coupons delivered to your inbox!. Copyright © 2006-2018 Banggood All Rights Reserved.. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Guides, News, & Discussion. TWRP Recovery's and Root for Redmi Pro | All Versions by kristi6.9. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Guides, News, & Discussion Xiaomi Redmi Pro Real Life Review Xiaomi Redmi Pro Questions & Answers Xiaomi Redmi Pro ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Xiaomi Redmi Pro Themes, Apps, and Mods. 1 3.1.0 fails to decrypt. … 1 Can you compile TWRP. lot of things and … 1 Can we flash incremental. Also do we … 1 not a problem mate, just for people to know. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Guest Quick Reply (no urls or BBcode). The following errors occurred with your submission. TWRP Recovery's and Root for Redmi Pro | All Versions. By kristi6.9 , Senior Member on 9th December 2016, 11:04 PM. GUIDE FOR TWRP install & ROOT. Xiaomi Redmi Pro {ALL VERSIONS} TWRP download and Redmi Pro root. This guide will help you install TWRP and root Redmi Pro, the first step is to install TWRP custom recovery on the Redmi Pro. The process contains quite a few steps, but most of them take just a few seconds. If it looks daunting, don’t worry, take each step one by one and you’ll come through with TWRP and a rooted Redmi Pro within just a few minutes. You must have an unlocked bootloader to follow this guide; flashing through fastboot requires an unlocked bootloader. If your Redmi Pro bootloader isn’t unlocked yet, go to the official Xiaomi unlock page to begin the process. You need to backup anything you don’t want lost to your PC or a TF SD card; for TWRP to work, you may need to factory reset. You will lose all user data. Backup all important data BEFORE you flash the TWRP.{only if you choose twrp 3.0.20}. a.Auto installer for adb commands, adb drivers and fastboot commands– These are the tools that will allow your PC to communicate with your mobile. b.Redmi Pro TWRP custom recovery used for rooting and flashing custom ROMs onto Redmi Pro.-links below. c.Redmi Pro root SuperSU.zip– The SuperSU.zip used for rooting Redmi Pro through TWRP recovery(extract it to get supersu binary +supersuapk+supersu premium)link below. Install the adb drivers and fastboot commands. Hit “Y” to all 3 questions. The Google adb driver installer will then popup. Go ahead and allow and install. Settings >> About phone >> Tap “MIUI Version” seven times. You should then be at the main settings menu. Go to “Additional settings” >> “Developer options” >> “USB Debugging”. Plug your phone to PC via USB cable. You should then see a pop up request on your Redmi Pro to give your PC USB debugging permissions. Copy the TWRP and open the command window. Open Windows Explorer and go to “c:/adb”. IN A BLANK SPACE (not on a filename etc…), hold SHIFT while RIGHT-CLICK. You should then see a small black window open. Boot into bootloader and fastboot flash the TWRP. In the black command window type “adb reboot bootloader”. Wait about 10 seconds and you should then see your Redmi Pro says “Fastboot” along with the Xiaomi Mascot. In the black command window type “fastboot flash recovery twrp.img”. You should then see that the file has flashed successfully (OKAY). It all takes just a second. In the black command window, type “fastboot reboot”. Hold Volume Up on the Xiaomi Redmi Pro while hitting Enter on your PC. Continue holding Volume Up for about 30 seconds until you see TWRP has booted. BAM! You’re now booted into TWRP. Method 2: If you have twrp already installed. 1.Put twrp.img in the phone storage. 5.Check twrp.img in your phone storage. Download this zip and extract it. Download this zip and extract it. or Download Mega apk from play store. Download this zip and extract it. TWRP 3.0.2-0 by @ end222. Note: It is ported from Vernee Apollo Lite by @ end222 -[thanks for everything]. TWRP 3.1.0 by @ end222. Note: THIS IS THE MOST RECOMMENDED version. ATTENTION AFTER INSTALLING TWRP YOU SHOULD INSTALL SUPERSU OR FLASH A CUSTOM ROM ( xiaomi.eu for example). Now that your TWRP is functioning, you can easily root your Xiaomi Redmi Pro. Connect Redmi Pro to your PC. TWRP main menu >> Mount >> Mount USB storage. The Redmi Pro should then show up in Windows File Explorer under This PC / My Computer. Copy the SuperSU.zip to the root of your Redmi Pro. Now you have supersu apks +supersu2.79.zip (that should be flashed). in the base of the internal storage, you should see it at /sdcard. If it’s in another directory, then navigate to whichever directory you extracted the Supersu.2.79.zip to. @ kristi6.9 #Me for posting ---HIT THANKS. BrianAbad #for posting twrp 3.0.2.2 on Miui Forums. @ daohoa #for it's first twrp build. * Your warranty is now void.. * I am not responsible for bricked devices, dead SD cards,. * thermonuclear war, or you getting fired because the alarm app failed. * do some research if you have any concerns about features included in this ROM. * before flashing it! YOU are choosing to make these modifications, and if. * you point the finger at me for messing up your device, I will laugh at you. FIRST RUN CAN SHOW {error mounting}-can be fixed by formatting data. The Following 9 Users Say Thank You to kristi6.9 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Azoset (5th March 2017) , e1read1 (25th March 2017) , epiteto (10th December 2016) , madamaszek (23rd January 2017) , osssinator (10th December 2016) , santhika (2nd May 2017) , snek_one (24th January 2018) , wizard8400 (25th June 2017) , wpgwpg (29th December 2016). Honor 9 Lite and Huawei P Smart Kernel Sources have been released >. Honor 8 Pro and Honor 9 receive AOSP Android Oreo ROMs thanks to Project Treble >. How the Kirin 970 Uses AI to Take Better Photos >. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2008. Upgrade from TWRP => INSTALL > INSTALL IMAGE >>> check Recovery. any bug fixes ?. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2016. My Devices: Xiaomi Redmi Pro. -No more need to format data. -It starts directly in english language. Upgrade from TWRP => INSTALL > INSTALL IMAGE >>> check Recovery. any bug fixes ?. Join Date: Joined: Jul 2007. this twrp does not suits for 4/128 version. on 128g, twrp can not recognize data and storage partitions so it can not make a full wipe to these partitions. So after installing xiaomi.eu rom from any official rom, a lot of programs crashes and gives error. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2016. My Devices: Xiaomi Redmi Pro. I use a 3/32gb version and didnt know this problem..I will re-edit post. this twrp does not suits for 4/128 version. on 128g, twrp can not recognize data and storage partitions so it can not make a full wipe to these partitions. So after installing xiaomi.eu rom from any official rom, a lot of programs crashes and gives error. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2008. just noticed i cannot copy twrp bakup, created with this version, from internal to pc with mtp(phone on). working if backup is on sd-card but not on internal. working when use mtp from twrp. i switced back to first twrp.. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2016. My Devices: Xiaomi Redmi Pro. I'm sorry but I dont own this project Im just posting it .. just noticed i cannot copy twrp bakup, created with this version, from internal to pc with mtp(phone on). working if backup is on sd-card but not on internal. working when use mtp from twrp. i switced back to first twrp.. Join Date: Joined: Aug 2008. not a problem mate, just for people to know. The Following User Says Thank You to criszz For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Apr 2015. My Devices: Xiaomi Mi 5 , Xiaomi Redmi Note 3. Can we flash incremental OTA update with this TWRP? Also do we need to flash any additional zip file while flashing OTA update?. The Following User Says Thank You to sakibshahriyar98 For This Useful Post: [ View ]. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2016. My Devices: Xiaomi Redmi Pro. not a problem mate, just for people to know. Join Date: Joined: Dec 2016. My Devices: Xiaomi Redmi Pro. 😀 I dont know if we can flash OTAs but I believe not.......if you want you can test it and reply me...👍. Can we flash incremental OTA update with this TWRP? Also do we need to flash any additional zip file while flashing OTA update?. Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait. Top Threads in Xiaomi Redmi Pro Guides, News, & Discussion by ThreadRank. [APP][5.0+] Rootless Pixel 2 Launcher with Google Now page working. [APP][PORT]LineageOS 15.1 Trebuchet (Laucher) for any ROM. [App] [Pixel 2 launcher] [Original-unmodified] [flashable] [user app] [Nougat] [Oreo]. [APP][4.4.2+] ROLO -Contact Manager That Works Like a Personal CRM. [ROM] MIUI 9 beta ROM 7.8.14 for all Xiaomi devices [Download links). Star Wars Wallpapers from the OnePlus 5T Star Wars Edition (Download). Xiaomi Redmi Pro Guides, News, & Discussion. TWRP Recovery's and Root for Redmi Pro | All Versions by kristi6.9. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Click here to find mobiles using filters related to price, features, brands etc.. Dual Sim, VoLTE, 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi Deca Core, 2.5 GHz Processor 3 GB RAM, 64 GB inbuilt 4050 mAh Battery 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 px display 13 MP Dual Rear + 5 MP Front Camera Memory Card (Hybrid) Android, v6.0. Latest MIUI 8 software Fingerprint sensor Dual rear cameras Attractive design. Hybrid DualSIM/microSD card slot limits options on the dual-SIM model No Quick charge 2.0/3.0 support, just 5V/2A charging No 5GHz Wi-Fi support. Xiaomi Redmi Pro expected price in India is Rs. General: Dual Sim (Hybrid) Android, v6.0 Slim 4050 mAH Non-Rem. Battery Display: Touch 5.5 inches 1080 x 1920 pixels Camera: 13 MP + 5 MP Dual Camera AutoFocus Flash 1080p HD Video Recording 5 MP Front Camera Technical: 2.5 GHz, Deca Core Processor 3 GB RAM 64 GB Inbuilt Memory Memory Card (Hybrid) Connectivity: 3G 4G VoLTE WiFi with hotspot Bluetooth GPS Extra: Fingerprint Sensor Music Player Video Player FM Radio 3.5mm Headphone Jack. Huawei Honor 7X (4GB RAM + 64GB). Huawei Honor 7X (4GB RAM + 64GB). Huawei Honor 7X (4GB RAM + 64GB). Huawei Honor 7X (4GB RAM + 64GB). Use multiple sims at the same time. It allows you to use two services without the need to carry two mobile phones at the same time. Slimmer mobile phones are easier to carry and look more fashionable. Touch Displays offer a more interactive experience. OLED Displays have faster response times, better viewing angles, improved contrast and consume less battery power. Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. Images, videos and text will look more sharp and clear. Images, videos will look amazing on this sharp and clear screen. Text will be easier to read. High resolution camera for taking sharp and clear photos. Dual camera is useful in enhancing certain effects like blur, zoom and wide angle photos. Having a camera flash allows you to take photos in low light. You can record videos of beautiful moments, sceneries and watch them later. Front Camera enables you to take your own photos and do videocalling (on supported devices). Memory cards give your device more storage capacity. So you can store more songs, photos and videos. More storage allows you to store more songs, videos, photos and install more applications. More cores result in better parallelism, meaning more tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface. Faster CPU means more smooth experience. Lots Of RAM means more applications can run at the same time, which makes the phone faster. 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. 4G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience than 3G. You can use this to make calls over 4G network. It is compatible with Reliance Jio. You can connect to wifi hotspots in your area to experience a superior internet experience. Allows you to use your internet connection on your wifi enabled laptop. Bluetooth enables you to wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets. You can use fingerprint sensor to quickly unlock your phone using your finger. GPS is used for determining your location. You can get directions to a place with the help of GPS. Having 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices (such as speakers, headphones) having 3.5mm Port. Detects motion as well as the orientation of a device (horizontally or vertically). Determines orientation and rotation and provides more accurate 3D motion tracking than an accelerometer. Determines direction facing relative to North, East, West and South. Watch your favourite video songs and movies in video player. It supports XviD, MP4 file types. Listen to your favourite songs in music player. It supports MP3, WAV, eAAC+, FLAC etc. Listen to your favourite radio stations on your phone. Enjoy music on the go with FM Radio.. You can't use dual SIM and memory card at the same time, you have to choose one. If you insert a memory card, you can only use a single SIM. Holding Heavy weight mobile phones for long time will make your arms tired. You can't connect your phone to a TV. Cannot switch off phone by removing battery when your phone freezes. Also cannot replace the battery or use spare battery when battery performance is degraded.. Full Specifications Report An Error General Sim Type: GSM+GSM (Hybrid Slot) Dual Sim: Yes Sim Size: Nano + Micro SIM Device Type: Smartphone Design Dimensions: 151.5 x 76.2 x 8.19 mm Weight: 174 g Display Type: Color OLED screen, 16M colors Touch: Yes, with Multitouch Size: 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 pixels PPI: ~ 401 PPI Memory RAM: 3 GB Internal: 64 GB inbuilt Card Slot: Yes (Hybrid Slot) Connectivity GPRS: Yes EDGE: Yes 3G: Yes 4G: Yes VoLTE: Yes (Supports Reliance Jio) Wifi: Yes, with wifi-hotspot Bluetooth: Yes, v4.2 USB: Yes Extra GPS: Yes, with A-GPS Support Fingerprint Sensor: Yes Sensors: Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass, Fingerprint 3.5mm Headphone Jack: Yes Camera Camera: Yes, 13 MP + 5 MP Dual Camera with autofocus Dual Camera: Yes Features: Face detection, Geo tagging, Panorama, Touch to focus Video Recording: Yes, 1080p @ 30fps Flash: Dual LED Front Camera: Yes, 5 MP Technical OS: Android, v6.0 (Marshmallow) CPU: 2.5 GHz, Deca Core, Mediatek MT6797 Helio X20 - Standard edition Processor GPU: Mali-T880 MP4 Java: No Browser: Yes, supports HTML Multimedia Supports: MMS, Instant Messaging Email: Yes, with Push Mail Music: MP3, WAV, eAAC+, FLAC Video: XviD, MP4 FM Radio: Yes Document Reader: Yes Battery Type: Non-Removable Battery Size: 4050 mAh, Li-ion Battery. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Review, Price and Specifications. The Redmi Pro belongs to the affordable range of Xiaomi smartphones, and thus the presence of AMOLED display and a dual camera setup is interesting, to say the least. Other enticements include a fingerprint sensor, metal body, Marshmallow based MIUI 8 software, and a deca-core MediaTek Helio X25 chipset - if flaunting more cores is your thing. On the front, Redmi Pro bears design semblance with the Mi 5 and also has a physical home button (that integrates a fingerprint sensor). On the rear, it is more like the Redmi Note 3 with 2 camera sensors (13MP Sony main camera and 5MP Samsung depth sensor) symmetrically lined in the center. The Redmi Pro caches on the ImagiQ ISP advantage. This new ISP, which finds room in most of the new MediaTek chips, has been specially designed to aid dual cameras. It is capable enough for real-time depth sensing, and thus your camera viewfinder can show you how the final bokeh might look like before you press the capture button. The deca-core Helio X25 has 2 high performance Cortex A72 cores, apart from 2 clusters of Cortex A53 cores. A Helio X20 variant is also avaiable for those further restricted by a budget. Further complicating things are different RAM and Storage variants - 3GB RAM + 32GB storage, 3GB RAM + 64GB storage, and 4GB RAM + 128GB storage. Of course you can also add secondary MicroSD card storage if you compromise on the second SIM card slot. Other features include 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.2, GPS + GLONASS, USB Type-C and 4000 mAh battery.. Latest MIUI 8 software Fingerprint sensor Dual rear cameras Attractive design. The dual-camera is the most recognizable one. This isn't a wide-angle lens like the LG G5 or a B&W camera like the Huawei P9. The second eye adds depth perception, used for a number of effects in the camera.The Redmi Pro is also Xiaomi's first dip into AMOLED, but it's not a familiar Samsung panel. Instead, it's a native Chinese panel from EverDisplay.. Aluminum unibody design LTPS-AMOLED display MediaTek Helio X20 Fingerprint sensor on the Home key. Hybrid DualSIM/microSD card slot limits options on the dual-SIM model No Quick charge 2.0/3.0 support, just 5V/2A charging No 5GHz Wi-Fi support. It seems that after launching this phone it will rocks but there are some disadvantages in this phone.. First time Deca core processor in redmi phones Dual camera Front finger print sensor. Looks are same like redmi note 3 Only 3GB RAM Hybrid Slot Rear camera should be at least 16MP. I think its a killer phone by Xiaomi. 2.5Ghz deca core mediatek helio x20 2. 5.5 inch full hd screen 4. Big screen Good cemara Long battery Good processor DECA core in 12k. No doubt Smartprix has kept this phone as #1 in the 15K segment of smartphones. This phone showcases some very interesting and awesome features like dual camera setup. I currently own a Xiaomi Mi 3 since last 2 years and very satisfied with the same. I am desperately waiting for this phone to be launched in India. The only reason I would hesitate from buying this phone is because it would offer me a very little RAM upgrade to 3 GB from my current 2 GB. I feel if Xiaomi had a variant of 4GB RAM, 64 GB, that would be the most awesome one.. Larger battery Dual camera setup AMOLED display (less battery consumption) Fingerprint sensor at the front Mostly all features :-). Should have had a 4GB RAM, 64GB ROM version Same design as Redmi 3 pro Not sure about launch in India. Looking nice on paper but not actually sure about the headset without using ....... Confused between g4plus or redmi pro. Dual camera setup(13+5) Deca core Fingerprint Design Inbuilt 64gb Oled display. Hybrid sim slot Fast charging not available No 4k recording. Enter each Pro in new line.. Enter each Con in new line.. Who Viewed This Also Viewed .... Xiaomi Mobiles Between 10000 and 15000. vs Xiaomi Redmi Pro vs Xiaomi Mi A1 vs Xiaomi Redmi Pro vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Prime vs Xiaomi Redmi Pro vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 vs Xiaomi Redmi Pro vs Xiaomi Mi 5X vs Xiaomi Redmi Pro vs Lenovo P2. Sign up for our Newsletter :. Congratulations!!! You are now subscribed to our newsletter.. smartprix.com , All rights reserved. Recently Viewed By You ( 0 ). Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product. Mobiles And Tablets 0 Laptops And Computers 0 Cameras 0 Personal Appliances 0 Mobile Accessories 0. your email will not be published. Select A Product From Search Suggestions. your email will not be published. --select-- Incorrect Price Incorrect/ Missing Product Detail Coupon Not Working Found Lowest Price Somewhere Else Just A Feedback Other Issue. Sign in with your email address.. Find, Compare and Buy all in one place. Sign up with your email address. Already have an account? Login. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for xiaomi redmi 3 pro. All Listings - Current page. results for xiaomi redmi 3 pro. Save xiaomi redmi 3 pro to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow xiaomi redmi 3 pro to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Shockproof Brushed Soft TPU Case Cover For Xiaomi Note 4/Redmi 3S Prime 3 Pro 5A. Luxury Hard Armor Shockproof Silicone Cover Case For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 3 Pro. 360° Full Protector Case Cover+Tempered Glass for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 4 5s Mi5s. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Note3 Pro Prime Holder Finger Ring Bling TPU Case Cover. Nillkin Sparkle Flip PU Leather Thin Phone Case Cover For XIAOMI RedMi 3 PRO. For Xiaomi Redmi 4A/Note 4X Luxury Flip Leather Slim Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. For XiaoMi 5X A1 Redmi 4X Note 3 4 5A Slim Hybrid Shockproof Silicone Case Cover. Magnetic Pattern Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 3 4 Pro/Note 4X. For Xiaomi Redmi Phone Case Ultra Slim Soft TPU Shockproof Silicone Cover Skin. For Xiaomi Redmi 3S/3 Pro/3s Prime Various Cover TPU Back Soft Case Clear Skin. For Xiaomi Redmi 4A Note 4X Shockproof Hybrid Stand Case Magnet Car Holder Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4/4X Slim Hybrid Hard PC Armor Stand Shockproof Case Cover. Ultra-thin Original Leather Flip Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 3S/Note 2/3/Mi 4/5. Luxury Slim PU Leather Soft Phone Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 3 Pro 3S /Note 4. Mirror Clear Smart View Slim Flip Leather Case Cover For Xiaomi 5 Redmi 3/4 S001. For Xiaomi Redmi 4 Pro Prime Redmi 4 Redmi4 3D Emboss Finger Ring Case Cover Cat. Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Case Cover For Xiaomi 6 A1 5X Redmi Note 3 4X 5A. For Xiaomi Redmi 4X Note 4 3 Case Liquid Quicksand Glitter Soft Rubber TPU Cover. Hybrid Rugged Armor Shockproof Case Cover For Xiaomi 6 A1 5X Redmi Note 3 4X 5A. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro Note 4 360° Shockproof Soft Rubber Back Case Cover. 360° Shockproof Transparent Silicone Soft TPU Case Cover Skin For Xiaomi & Redmi. Slim Original Leather Flip Case Skin Cover For Xiaomi A1 Mix Max 2/Note 3 4X 5A. For Xiaomi Redmi 5A 4X/Note 4X 5A Business Slim Leather Case Flip Wallet Cover. LCD Glass Digitizer Display Touch Screen Replacement For Xiaomi Redmi Pro 5.5". Cover Silicone + Tempered Glass Xiaomi Redmi 4 Pro Prime Case Funda 3D Noziroh. For Xiaomi Mi A1/Max 2/Redmi 4X Luxury Hard Armor Shockproof Silicone Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi 3S /3S Pro Rubber TPU Cover Silicone Soft Back Protective Case. For Xiaomi Redmi 4X 3 Pro Note 4 4S Shockproof Slim Carbon Fiber Cover Soft Case. New Hybrid 360° Slim Hard case + Tempered Glass for Xiaomi Redmi 3s /3 pro Note4. For Xiaomi Redmi 3S 4A 4X Note 4 4X Flip Stand Painted Wallet Leather Case Cover. Skin for Xiaomi Phone New 3D Cartoon Cute Soft Silicone Back Phone Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi 3 3S Note 3 Pro Matte Protective Hard PC Slim Back Case Cover. NEW Ultra Thin Slim Silicone Soft Rubber TPU Back Case Cover For XiaoMi Phones. For Xiaomi Mi A1 5X Luxury Shockproof Ultra Slim PC Heat Dissipation Case Cover. 360° Full Cover Hybrid Case + Tempered Glass For Xiaomi A1 6 Redmi Note 4 4X 5A. Luxury Carbon Fiber TPU Gel Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3/4/5 4S 4A 4X 5A. Hot Flip Wallet Magnetic Card Leather Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 4 Note 4X. For Xiaomi Redmi 4X/Note 5A Luxury Flip Leather Slim Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. Replacement Touch Screen For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro Special Global Version. Anti-Spy Privacy Glass Screen Protector Film For Xiaomi Redmi Pro. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4X 5A Pro Protect Slim Silicone Rubber TPU Cover Case. 360° Shockproof Slim Soft Rubber Silicone TPU Back Case Cover For XiaoMi RedMi. For Xiaomi 5X/MAX2/Redmi Note 4X 5A Business Slim Leather Case Flip Wallet Cover. Luxury Slim Window Flip Leather Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4X/Mi A1 Mix2. Luxury Slim Mate Hard Shockproof Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 3 5A 4X Pro. For Xiaomi Note 3 Redmi 5 Plus Note 4 4X Hybrid Soft TPU Slim Phone Case Cover. Fashion Shockproof TPU Soft Rubber Case Back Cover For XiaoMi RedMi Note 3 4/Pro. For Xiaomi Redmi 3 3S Note 3 Pro Matte Protective Hard PC Slim Back Case Cover. For Xiaomi Mi 5X A1 Redmi Note 4/5A Magnetic Flip Leather Wallet Card Case Cover. Magnetic Pattern Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi 3 4 Pro/Note 4X. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 4X 5A Pro Slim Matte Hybrid Shockproof Rugged Case Cover. Fashion Shockproof TPU Soft Rubber Case Back Cover For XiaoMi RedMi Note 3 4/Pro. For Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 MAX Mi A1 360° Full Protector Case Cover+Tempered Glass. For Xiaomi Redmi 4S 4A 4X Note 4X Slim Soft TPU Silicone Painted Back Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi 4A 4X Note 4 4X Slim Shockproof Soft Patterned Back Case Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi 3 4 Pro/Note 4X Magnetic Pattern Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover. Luxury Slim Mate Hard Shockproof Case Cover For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 5A 3 Prime. New Aluminum Metal Frame Bumper + PC Mirror Back Case Cover For Xiaomi Phones. LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Replacement For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro US. Wireless Bluetooth Headphone Ear-Cup Earphone For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4G Prime Pro. Sold 2000+ Fit Mi A1 5X Redmi 4 Pro Note 2/3 Fast Time. **Hot Sale**√ For Xiaomi Redmi√ Free Shipping On Time√. *100% CONNICS Brand * Good Quality * Best Price * Fast*. For Xiaomi A1 5 6 Mix Max 2&Redmi 3 4 4X 5 Note 3 4 5A. Fit Xiaomi Mi 5C 5S 6 Plus Redmi 3S 4A Note 4X Pro. 100% NEW&FREE SHIPPING&For Xiaomi A1 Max 2 Redmi 4X 5A. Fit For Xiaomi 5X Redmi 3S 4S 4X 4A 5A/Note 4X 5A 5Plus. 360° Protect√ Shockproof√ TPU Soft Rubber √ For Xiaomi. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
News Review Phones Xiaomi Huawei Meizu nubia OnePlus OPPO vivo ZTE All Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. by Linus Aug 29, 2016 12:21 am 22. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Review: VIDEO REVIEW Xiaomi Redmi Pro Review: UNBOXING Xiaomi Redmi Pro Review: SPECS Display 5.5″ 1080p (Full-HD) Processor Mediatek MTK6797 (Helio X20), 64-bit, deca-core (up to 2.1GHz) RAM 3GB Camera Dual 13 MP + 5MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash / 5MP front camera Connectivity Bluetooth, 3G, 4G, GPS, WIFI, GSM,EDGE, GPRS, UMTS, HSPA, HSPA+, dual-SIM. Battery 4.050 mAh (non-removable) Dimensions 151.5 x 76.2 x 8.2 mm / 174g OS MIUI 8 (Android 6.0) Storage 32GB (expandable via microSD card slot up to 256GB) Xiaomi Redmi Pro Review: DESIGN and DISPLAY Xiaomi Redmi Pro Review: HARDWARE and PERFORMANCE Xiaomi Redmi Pro Review: BENCHMARKS Xiaomi Redmi Pro Review: USER INTERFACE Xiaomi Redmi Pro Review: CAMERA Please watch our video review to better understand how dual-camera setup works: Download full resolution camera samples Xiaomi Redmi Pro Review: CONNECTIVITY Xiaomi Redmi Pro Review: BATTERY LIFE Xiaomi Redmi Pro Review: CONCLUSIONS. Xiaomi has been on the roll as they have released quite a few devices lately. The Redmi Pro is a phone that costs around $250 via the third party resellers, it has pretty good specs but most importantly, the device has dual camera setup. Learn more in our full review.. Thanks to Oppomart for sending Xiaomi Redmi Pro for a review .. The phone ships in a usual Xiaomi box and inside of it you can find a charger, some paperwork, SIM ejector pin and USB-C cable.. Let me be honest with you, this phone is the most premium Redmi device I’ve ever seen. It’s made entirely of metal (even top and bottom parts are made of metal). I really love the brushed aluminum look. Even though the Redmi Pro may look a bit glossy, it does not attract fingerprints so easily.. We have nice and tactile buttons and I absolutely love the build quality of this phone.. One of the key selling points of this device is of course, its dual camera setup, which is supposed to give you a hardware-based shallow depth of field effect. The main camera has 13MP, f/2.0 aperture and PDAF. Also, the cameras are accompanied with a dual-tone dual led flash. More on the camera features a bit later in this review.. The Redmi Pro sports a 5.5” 1080p display. In fact, this is the first Redmi phone to have the Amoled panel, which is sharp and vibrant. However, the colors may look a bit oversaturated but I’m okay with that. The sunlight legibility is not the best I’ve seen but it is pretty good and I don’t have many complaints in this regard.. As far as selfie shooter, we have a 5MP camera. Right next to it, there is a highly customizable notification LED light.. It’s nice to see backlit capacitive buttons, which can be also customized in a lot of different ways. The fingerprint scanner is embedded in a physical home button. It is fast and very accurate but it does not work straight from the standby mode meaning that you have to wake your phone up first.. The loudspeaker quality is pretty good. Sure, it is not perfect but it is definitely one of the best in this price range of phones.. One little extra feature that has started disappearing from a lot of phones is the IR blaster to control devices like TVs.. I have a standard edition of the Redmi Pro, which has a deca-core Mediatek Helio X20 chip with the max. clock speeds of 2.1GHz, 3GB of RAM and 32GB of storage, which is also expandable via the microSD card slot.. If you are willing to pay extra, you can get a few model variations and the best one sports a Helio X25 chip with 4GB of RAM and whopping 128GB of storage.. The gaming performance is pretty good yet not ideal. You can enjoy most of the 3D games without any issues but there were a few skipped frames and a bit of stutter while playing Asphalt 8 on the highest graphics. Of course, changing graphics to medium solves this issue.. A great thing is that the phone does not have any overheating issues.. When it comes to user interface, my Redmi Pro has just been updated to MIUI 8, which is built on top of Android 6.0. There are some cool new features and design touches that differ MIUI 8 from the MIUI 7.. If you swipe down, you will open up a redesigned quick settings menu. There is no separate notification shade like it used to be. Also, the multitasking menu now has a 3D look to give you a better idea of what apps are running in the background.. A great thing is that Xiaomi finally re-organized their settings menu and you now can find everything quicker.. One of the new features includes the “second space”. You can move apps, files and other information between the “first space” and the “second space” and you can easily switch between these spaces. As Xiaomi claims, this feature is like having 2 phones with different files and settings. Another new feature is the “quick ball”, which is simply a small bubble that has a few customizable shortcuts. However, I’ve never been a huge fan of any floating screens on the display.. We have some other features, customization options, various tweaks and settings Xiaomi phones are famous for. Just to name a few, you can select from a variety of themes, wallpapers, fonts and so on. Also, you can customize the LED light, assign different tasks to capacitive buttons and so on.. Finally, the MIUI 8 runs fast and fluid and I didn’t have any hiccups or lag.. When it comes to the cameras, let’s start by the most interesting part. The dual-camera mode, which is called stereo mode, is simply activated by clicking a small camera button. Here you can play with the aperture number by going all the way to f/5.6 or go down to a super bright f/0.95. Also, you can change the focus area after you take the picture and apply different effects.. If you spend a little bit of time with the camera, you can get some nice photos. Of course, not all pictures will look natural but can definitely achieve some nice results. A very cool thing is that you can also adjust the aperture number during the video recording to get that shallow depth of field effect.. If you tend to take regular photos more often, the auto-mode allows you to do that pretty fast thanks to the baked-in PDAF system. The camera takes some pretty good images in daylight. The pictures tend to have a good amount of detail and sharpness. However, a few of the shots have a. softer focus on the corners but we have to consider that the phone runs on an early software build. The biggest complaint would be the dynamic range adjustment but the HDR mode does a pretty good job.. The macro shots have a good amount of detail and they look sharp most of the time.. As for indoor photos, you can get some good looking images too. Sure, they will look grainier but the camera does an okay job with noise reduction.. The low-light camera performance is good for the price of the phone but I hope to see some improvements with the future software updates. There is quite a bit of noise and there could be more detail. Also, I noticed that there is a slight red tint if you take pictures close to the light source, e.g. The dual tone LED flash does a pretty good job illuminating the scene in almost pitch dark environments but the flash is a bit too warm for my taste.. Panorama photos look quite terrible due to very low-resolution. On the other hand, the auto-stitching is pretty good.. The phone can shoot videos in Full-HD. The video quality is just above average I would say. The footage could look sharper and have more detail. On the other hand, I’m happy with the way CAF works. You can also shoot slow-motion videos in 720p and the quality is not the best but it is pretty good. See the video review for video samples .. A 5MP selfie camera is able to capture some usable pictures for social media but it does not impress. Most of the images look noisy and grainy, and there is a ton of noise. The situation gets even worse in low-light.. As for selfie video, the quality of the. See the video review for video samples .. Overall, the Redmi Pro has a pretty solid camera setup for the price of the phone and you can definitely get some great looking images. It is not perfect though but we may see some improvements with the future software updates.. As far as connectivity, I didn’t have any issues with Wifi, Bluetooth, GPS or other options.. comes with a dual-SIM card tray, which can take either 2 SIMs or 1 SIM and the microSD card.. The phone ships with the with a huge 4050mAh battery that performs very well. I could get over 6.5 hours of screen-on time on a mixed use which is a very good result.. The phone supports a fast charging feature but it does not come with the fast charger, which is a bummer. This section will be updated with the screenshots of the battery use later (currently, we are re-testing the phone’s battery life with the just released MIUI 8) .. The Xiaomi Redmi Pro is a solid device for the price of around $250.. First of all, it just looks beautiful and the build quality is top-notch. Also, we have a sharp and vibrant display, user interface that has tons of features and a pretty good overall performance.. Also, the dual camera setup is what makes the Redmi Pro standout. Finally, the battery performance is just fantastic.. On the other hand, you have to know that the phone’s camera could be better in video recording and the selfie camera produces images that have quite a bit of noise.. Other complaints would be that the fingerprint scanner does not work straight from the standby mode and you should expect a few skipped frames when playing some 3D games on the highest graphics settings.. Other than that, the Xiaomi Redmi Pro is a great all-around device. Sure, it is not perfect but knowing the fact that Xiaomi usually fixes a lot of things with its software updates, the Redmi Pro is a good phone to buy for less than $250.. Xiaomi Redmi Pro is a great all-around device. Sure, it is not perfect but knowing the fact that Xiaomi usually fixes a lot of things with its software updates, the Redmi Pro is a good phone to buy for less than $250.. Tags: gizmochina redmi pro hands on redmi pro review Review Smartphone tech xiaomi redmi pro Xiaomi Redmi Pro camera xiaomi redmi pro camera review Xiaomi redmi pro review. Linus is the lead reviewer at Gizmochina.com. He has been reviewing smartphones and all sorts of gadgets for more than 3 years.. Facebook: www.facebook.com/TechlineHD Twitter: @TechlineHD Google+: +TechLineHD Instagram: techlinehd. Get Xiaomi 3D VR From Banggood, Discount Coupon Inside. New Renders of the Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Surface online. LG May Quit The Chinese Smartphone Market. GizmoChina Giveaway: Free CometDocs Pro PDF to Word Convertor For Android & iOS (10 Winners!). ZUK CEO Teases A Beautiful Smartphone With Curved Back And Lenovo Branding. Phone Finder Newsletter Latest Popular. Leave this field empty if you're human:. Get Heavy Discounts On Various Home Appliances On Banggood Sony Shaves Off Some Bezels On The Xperia XZ2 & Xperia XZ2 Compact Samsung’s Foldable Phone Likely to Arrive as New Series. Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S Is Launching On March 27: First AnTuTu Score Confirms SD845’s Powerful Performance List of Snapdragon 845 2018 Models & Their Launch Dates Just Leaked on Weibo Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Hitting China With Different Camera Configuration. Gizmochina is a technical blog about products in China and subculture which includes smartphones, electronical gadgets, and everything else that comes under the genre.. About US Join the Team Privacy Policy Contact us. Leave this field empty if you're human:. News Review Phones Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. 
