Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 148 149 ». Anand, 02 Nov 2017 The worst phone I've ever used iny life ,though it comes with pretty good specs at a decent pr... more Using the 3/32gb Mediatek version for the last 2 years. Still running smoothly, but I need to change the battery to increase backup. The camera is not at par with other brands of same price range, otherwise no major issues. I was hesitant while buying it but after more than 2 years, I am impressed.. Arun, 04 Nov 2016 My battery backup is really bad..... I charged at 12 in morning and next day @7am the change c... How u solve this problem bro?. tanya verma , 18 Oct 2016 Yes its there charger problem you can chrg on other smsung chrges. I am using vivo charger so charge slow & earlier to dry. i havnt even got my marshmellow updation. The worst phone I've ever used iny life ,though it comes with pretty good specs at a decent price this phone indeed sucks.Besides this the service is simply bullshit. seenu, 21 Mar 2017 When I unlocked my redmi note 3 mobile than seen that please press volume up button with back ... worst cs, when i email cs about the problem,their give the solution like wth. every time new update coming, this note 3 xiomi will have a prob. i can receive signal wifi but dont have any connection but oth brand phone can receive the signal n connection perfectly. i try google bout this phone but still same. so if any1 wanna buy xiomi, pls think twice.. Anonymous, 09 Sep 2017 I want the solution for redmi note 3 switching off problem. I am fed up with it. I bought this phone ten months before, now I can charge&#8203; it only after switch off&#8203;. I don't know what to do with this problem. Stops receiving calls and making calls all of a sudden I realize this every time only by noticing the miss call alerts, I tried many tricks and solutions suggested on different sites, it did not work. Head phone of other brand doesn't work properly. While using Mi headphone Once I remove the head phone, I am unable to hear sound as the phone is unable to come out of headphone mode. auto fill mode will always be on no matter how hard I try to switch it off. If I need to modify a sentence it is hard to do that as the auto fill automatically creates meaningless words I have to delete the whole write up and rewrite all and this happens while writing a note, filling a form, .... This is unable to fulfill even the basic need of mine to make calls and receive calls forget other functions. I feel stuck with this phone. Perhaps I shall not buy this brand phone again and will change this ASAP. I do not suggest anyone buy this phone.. wow you are using that phone 2 year and still its ok. Anonymous, 30 Sep 2017 I am also having the problem of autopressing in redmi note 3 and it affected my health too Same problem. Autopressing and navigation buttons not working. Is it a known issue or something that happened with a recent update?. Jata, 29 Jun 2017 I have mi note 3 .It is near about 6 month. Now it's navigation key doesn't work.automatically... more I am also having the problem of autopressing in redmi note 3 and it affected my health too. sany, 05 Aug 2017 the worst of the worst phone,battery drain automaticly even no use,i mistakenly bought this,wa... more I had the same problem that you are facing right now with your Redmi note 3 (Media tek). Just a battery replacement can solve all of the issues. Thanks God, my phone is running. after updation it will not support volte function. i prefer not to buy this phone. they are not providing proper update softwares for their products. Anonymous, 09 Sep 2017 I want the solution for redmi note 3 switching off problem. I am fed up with it. switch off automatically..even i connect the charger red light blinks and it wont switch on... really fed up..wasted 10K for this #### phone. Samir patel, 08 Oct 2016 My red mi note 3 also switch off and hands when doing calling, is there any solution,. more I want the solution for redmi note 3 switching off problem. I am fed up with it. Anonymous, 23 Aug 2017 My phone has no other issues bt its something diff means, even my earphones ar nt connected it... more Same happen with me...Showing headphone symbol without headphone....It's worst as ever..... Anonymous, 16 Nov 2016 During charging the phone temperature is 44°C Heating problems. Anonymous, 23 Aug 2017 My phone has no other issues bt its something diff means, even my earphones ar nt connected it... more pls change the earphone ..... use Samsung earphone resolve your problme. My phone has no other issues bt its something diff means, even my earphones ar nt connected it notifies they are connected n behaves in same way, like i cant hear any sound of call or song without earphones. Pages: 1 2 3 … 148 149 ». Total of 2970 user reviews and opinions for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) reviews. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Xiaomi Redmi Note 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 (Redmi 5 Plus) Samsung Galaxy J7. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 (Redmi 5 Plus) Xiaomi Mi A1 Xiaomi Redmi 5A Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X). 
The next video is starting stop. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek Helio X10 vs Xiaomi Redmi No. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek Helio X10 vs Xiaomi Redmi No Partners: https://twitter.com/xiaomi https://pinterest.com/xiaomi https://instagram.com/xiaomi Favorable sources: Amazon: xiaomi redmi note : $158.84 http://www.amazon.com/dp/B06Y199WWL?t... Ebay: Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 : $169.99 http://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/711-532... Banggood: pcs Bakeey 9H Tempered Glass Screen : $3.99 https://www.banggood.com/2pcs-Bakeey-... Related Videos : Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Review!: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aFnA... Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Unboxing (Redmi 5 Plus) in Telugu ~ Tech-Logic: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktDjw... НЕДОСТАТКИ Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 PRO. МНЕНИЕ, как можно было такое допустить?: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7nOm... Mi review del Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 | La red de Mario: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BE9_W... Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Unboxing in Telugu Tech-Logic: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJoXG... If you like plz subscribe: http://youtube.com/channel/UCKQmg1jtI... Keywords: xiaomi redmi note 4g price redmi note 1 lte redmi note 1 price redmi note price in india redmi note review redmi note 1 flipkart harga xiaomi redmi note redmi hm note 1lte. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 vs Xiaomi Redmi PRO Detailed view & P. Dual Sim & SD Card Simultaneously on Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 step by step guide. Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus vs iPhone X - Speed Test! Budget vs Flagship!. Redmi Note 3 - Durability Video - Scratch, Burn, Bend Test. Redmi Note 3 VS iPhone 6S Plus - Speed & Camera Test!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Review! مراجعة شاومي ريدمي نوت 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 vs Redmi Note 3 - Speed & Camera Test!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 - After a Month !. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 In-depth Review Amazing Performance & Value. Most STABLE OREO ROM for Redmi Note 3! ANDROID 8.1 😱. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Review Jujur. MIUI 9.2.4.0 Global Stable on Redmi note 3. Review Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Indonesia. Redmi 5 Plus Unboxing (in Hindi) - When will this launch in India? (China Price Rs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Snapdragon 650 Unboxing & Overview. (Eng Sub) Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro Review (Qualcomm Snapdragon 650) - وحش الفئة المتوسطة. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The next video is starting stop. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek Helio X10) vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 PRO (Snapdragon 650). Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Another Antutu comparison between Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 with Mediatek processor and Redmi Note 3 PRO with Snapdragon processor. Our Web : www.smartzero.sk Our Facebook: www.facebook.com/smartzer0 Our Instagram: www.instagram.com/smart_zero Don't forget to SUBSCRIBE us: http://www.youtube.com/smart_zero. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Snapdragon vs Mediatek - Which is better & Why?. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek) vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Snapdragon). 10 SIMPLE LIFE HACKS WITH SMARTPHONE. Redmi Note 3 (Snapdragon 650) Unboxing & Differences Compared /w the Mediatek Version!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 PRO - Detailed view & Antutu comparison. Xiaomi Redmi 3 Pro - Bend test, Scratch test, Burn test - Durability video. Mediatek vs Qualcomm: performance benchmark [Mediatek's funny point of view]. 6 Reasons To Not Buy Xiaomi Redmi Note 3- Crisp Review | Intellect Digest. Redmi Note 3 Pro Vs Redmi Pro (Snapdragon 650 VS Helio X20). Snapdragon 650 Vs Snapdragon 808: Is 650 Really A Upgrade On 808.?. Redmi Note 3 VS iPhone 6S Plus - Speed & Camera Test!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro Vs Galaxy Note 5 Asphalt 8 Airborne Test. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 3GB vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 2GB - Antutu test. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 PRO - Detailed view & Performance test. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3"Pro" Snapdragon Vs Mediatek Variant+Unboxing,Gaming+Camera Review,FAQ All Doubts. Helio x10 Vs Snapdragon 808 :Which Is More Stable.?. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro 3GB vs 2GB - Speed Test!. Weekly Tech Talks: Qualcomm Snapdragon vs Mediatek Processors. Redmi Note 3 (Snapdragon 650) vs. Honor 5X comparison: Speed test and multitasking. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 VS Asus Zenfone 2 (4GB) - Speed Comparison!. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Specs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Specifications. DIMENSION: 150 x 76 x 8.7 mm. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Android Smartphone was launched in November 2015. It is priced in India at Rs. 11999 ($176.46), running on the Mediatek MT6795 Helio X10 processor with PowerVR G6200 GPU. The phone has 2/3 GB RAM and 16/32 GB of internal storage which is expandable using microSD, up to 128 GB.. The Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) has a 5.5 inches Full HD, 1080 x 1920 pixels IPS display with a pixel density of 401 ppi. Coming to cameras, it has a 13 MP rear camera and a 5 MP front camera for selfies. It has a microUSB port for data syncing and charging. There is a notification LED present on the Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) as well, along with a fingerprint sensor, magnetic field sensor (compass), gyroscope sensor, infrared sensor, ambient light sensor and accelerometer sensor. It is a dual SIM smartphone with support for 4G LTE, USB OTG, Wi-Fi, FM Radio, Bluetooth and GPS too.. The Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) runs on Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop) and all this is powered by a 4000 mAh battery. It measures 150 x 76 x 8.7 mm (height x width x thickness) with a total weight of 164 grams including battery.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Detailed Specifications. 150 x 76 x 8.7 mm (5.91 x 2.99 x 0.34 in). GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 TD-SCDMA. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). Full HD, 1080 x 1920 pixels. PowerVR G6200 [Browse Similar]. 2/3 GB [Browse Similar]. 13 MP, 4128 x 3096 pixels [Browse Similar]. Phase Detection Autofocus, Geo-tagging, Touch Focus, Face/smile Detection, HDR, Panorama. 5 MP, 1080p [Similar]. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. Smartphones with universal remote (IR Blaster) to control your home appliances. Xiaomi Mi VR Play headset launches in India, priced at Rs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 officially gets Android Marshmallow update in India with stable MIUI 8.1.1. Xiaomi has sold 1 million smartphones in just 18 days in India. Huawei MateBook X Pro comes with a 13.9-inch FullView Touchscreen display and a wonky camera design. Nokia 6 gets an Android One edition at MWC 2018, runs Oreo out of the box. Copyright © PhoneBunch | Advertise | Contact Us | Terms of Use. 
Home About Us Archive Contact Us Privacy Policy. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) USB Driver. You are here: Home / USB Driver / Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) USB Driver. Last Updated on December 22, 2017 by Androider Leave a Comment. Download Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) USB Driver Download Now Steps To Install Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) CDC Driver In Computer Video Tutorial If you don’t like this video tutorial or if you would like to get more instructions, then continue reading. Steps To Install Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VCOM Driver In Computer Video Tutorial If you don’t like this video tutorial or if you would like to get more instructions, then continue reading. Steps To Install Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) ADB Driver In Computer Video Tutorial If you don’t like this video tutorial or if you would like to get more instructions, then continue reading.. If you are an owner of Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) and looking out for usb drivers to connect your device to the computer, then you have landed on the right page. Download Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) USB driver from here, install it on your computer and connect your device with PC or Laptop successfully.. Here, we have provided three usb drivers for your Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek).. USB Driver Type: CDC Driver USB Driver Purpose: For flashing Stock firmware on your device. USB Driver Type: VCOM Driver USB Driver Purpose: For flashing Stock firmware on your device. USB Driver Type: ADB Driver USB Driver Use: For connecting your device to a computer. Step 1: To get started, download the driver and extract it on your desktop.. Step 2: Now, open Device Manager > Action > Add Legacy Hardware .. Step 3: Next, click “ Next ” in the Add legacy hardware wizard.. Step 4: Now choose “ Install the hardware that I manually select from the list (Advanced) ” and click “ Next ”.. Step 5: Once done choose “ Show all devices ”, click “ Next ” and choose “ Have a disk ” to select the extracted file manually from your computer.. Step 6: Now to start installing your new hardware, click “ Next ” again.. Step 7: Click “ Install this driver software anyway ” in the Windows security prompt window.. Step 8: Next, click “ Finish ” to complete installation.. Your device driver is now successfully installed on your computer.. Step 1: To get started, download the driver and extract it on your desktop.. Step 2: Now, open Device Manager > Action > Add Legacy Hardware .. Step 3: Next, click “ Next ” in the Add legacy hardware wizard.. Step 4: Now choose “ Install the hardware that I manually select from the list (Advanced) ” and click “ Next “.. Step 5: Once done choose “ Show all devices “, click “ Next ” and choose “ Have a disk ” to select the extracted file manually from your computer.. Step 6: Then, select “ usb2ser_Win7 ” setup for 32 bit OS or select “ usb2ser_Win764 ” setup for 64 bit OS.. Step 7: Now to start installing your new hardware, click “ Next ” again.. Step 8: Click “ Install this driver software anyway ” in the Windows security prompt window.. Step 9: Next, click “ Finish ” to complete installation.. Your device driver is now successfully installed on your computer.. Step 1: To get started, download the driver and extract it on your desktop.. Step 2: Now, open Device Manager > Action > Add legacy hardware .. Step 3: Next, click “ Next ” in the Add legacy hardware wizard.. Step 4: Now choose “ Install the hardware that I manually select from the list (Advanced) ” and click “ Next “.. Step 5: Once done choose “ Show all devices “, click “ Next ” and select the extracted file manually from your computer.. Step 6: Now to start installing your new hardware, click “ Next ” again.. Step 7: Click “ Install ” in the Windows security prompt window.. Step 8: Next, click “ Finish ” to complete installation.. Now you have successfully finished installing ADB driver in your computer. If you encounter any issues while following this tutorial, do let me know via comments.. Related Posts: Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 USB Driver Xiaomi Mi Note 3 USB Driver Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 USB Driver Xiaomi Redmi 3 USB Driver Xiaomi Redmi 3 Pro USB Driver. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Notify me of follow-up comments by email.. Notify me of new posts by email.. Copyright © 2018 · Phone USB Drivers · Privacy Policy · Archives · All Rights Reserved ®. 
ARY News Live Geo News Express News Ten Sports Makkah Live. Mobile Prices Xiaomi Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek). Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. The Media Tek version of Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 is surely different from the basic version in many ways. This extension of Redmi series, Xiaomi Redmi Not ... Network Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE 2G bands GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 3G bands HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 TD-SCDMA 4G bands LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) Speed HSPA, LTE GPRS Yes EDGE Yes Launch Announced 2015, November Status Available. Released 2015, November Body Dimensions 150 x 76 x 8.7 mm (5.91 x 2.99 x 0.34 in) Weight 164 g (5.78 oz) SIM Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by) Display Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 5.5 inches (~72.4% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels (~403 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes - MIUI 7.0 Platform OS Android OS, v5.0.2 (Lollipop) Chipset Mediatek MT6795 Helio X10 CPU Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU PowerVR G6200 Memory Card slot No Internal 16 GB, 2 GB RAM 32 GB, 3 GB RAM Camera Primary 13 MP, f/2.2, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama Video [email. protected] Secondary 5 MP, f/2.0, 1080p Sound Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes - 24-bit/192kHz audio - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic Comms WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.1, A2DP, LE GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS Infrared port Yes Radio Stereo FM radio, recording USB microUSB v2.0, USB On-The-Go Features Sensors Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Browser HTML5 Java No - Fast battery charging - XviD/MP4/H.265 player - MP3/WAV/eAAC+/Flac player - Photo/video editor - Document viewer Battery Non-removable Li-Po 4000 mAh battery Stand-by Up to 264 h (3G) Music play Up to 60 h Tests Performance Basemark OS II: 956 / Basemark OS II 2.0: 1018 Basemark X: 8540 Display Contrast ratio: 953 (nominal), 2.249 (sunlight) Camera Photo / Video Loudspeaker Voice 66dB / Noise 66dB / Ring 75dB Audio quality Noise -94.2dB / Crosstalk -93.7dB Battery life. The xiaomi redmi note 3 is the amazing smart device that we easily get use that without get any trouble with the good processor. The mediatek processor is amazing as it boost the performance of the phone allow users to run thier app without heating the processor.. I love to use Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 which has the good specs and the amazing price we extremely want for using the faster operating system. It looking very classy in this site when I saw this hand set so I really like that but when I saw its price so that was too much costly and very far to reach mine. The faster device who has the big brand of xiaomi that has the many bets qualities that you never get in the any smart phone. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Price in Pakistan, Spec & Reviews. The Media Tek version of Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 is surely different from the basic version in many ways. This extension of Redmi series, Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Media Tek) sports an outstanding display of the phone sports a 5.5 inches large IPS LCD capacitive touch screen display with a resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels. This makes your display screen brighter, sharper, and clearer enough to enable you to enjoy watching videos, and playing games. The Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Media Tek) is powered by Octa core processor running at a speed of 2.0 GHz with chipset of Mediatek MT6795 Helio X10. This makes your Redmi Note 3 (Media Tek) function effectively and faster without any glitch or error. The phone with the help of Media Tek chipset can run all the larger applications simultaneously. The users can even enjoy perfect graphic while playing games using PowerVR G6200 GPU. There is a 2 GB RAM with 16GB built in memory in one variant, and 3 GB RAM with 32 GB built in memory in another variant available in this Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Media Tek). There is no further extension of memory in this device available. The Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Media Tek) has an awesome back and front camera that can click superior quality images, record videos, and selfies. This is possible with 13-megapixel back camera with added features like phase detection, autofocus, dual LED flash, geo tagging, face/smile detection, HDR, and Panorama. A 5-megapixel front shooter with 1080p serves the purpose of selfies perfectly. The Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Media Tek) runs on Android Lollipop v5.0.2 OS and is powered by a 4000mAh non removable battery. The Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Media Tek) is a dual SIM smart phone that accepts Micro-SIM and weighs 164 grams. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth v4.1, Infrared port, USB, Stereo FM Radio, and micro USB v2.0 On-The-Go. Fingerprint sensor is the best thing one can ask for especially for securing the phone from misuse. Other sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope. Access the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Media Tek) price in Pakistan updated online on this page.. full specification & features like front and back camera, battery life, internal. and external memory ram mobile color and other features, also read. reviews, watch video and large front and back images.. Get all the latest updates of. price in Pakistan, Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and other cities in Pakistan.. Charger with Data Cable for .. Pack of 2 - Smart Watch Sen .. 64GB - Micro SD Memory Card .. BH06100 - G14 Battery For H .. 
Home > Xiaomi > Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek). Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) CDC driver For Flashing Firmware Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VCOM driver For Flashing Firmware Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) ADB driver For Normal Connecting. On this page, we have managed to share the official usb driver for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Device. If in case you were already searching for the usb driver for this device, then this page will help you out.. There are 3 usb driver available for your device. Two is for Flashing the Stock Firmware and last is for normal connecting the device to the computer.. How to install driver manually :. Step 1 : Download and extract the driver on your computer.. Step 2 : Open Device Manager and Click on Add the Legacy Hardware Menu.. Step 4 : Select Install the hardware that I manually Select from a list.. Step 5 : Locate the extracted driver manually on your computer.. Step 7 : Your Driver will be installed and listed in the Device Manager.. [*] Driver Signature Error : If you got Driver Signature Error While installing the Driver then See this Video to fix this problem.. [*] If you are trying to flash stock firmware on your device then download CDC and VCOM Driver Only. ADB Driver will not work for flashing the stock firmware.. [*] Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Stock Firmware : You can download Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Stock Firmware from here .. Samsung Driver HTC Driver Vivo Driver. Made with ♥ in Spain | Powered by BlueHost. Copyright © 2015-2017 GSM USB Driver. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Released in November 2015, the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 has a 5.5" IPS LCD display, 2.0GHz octa-core MediaTek Cortex-A53 processor, and comes with either 2GB of RAM and 16GB internal storage, or 3GB of RAM with 32GB internal storage. The main shooter is 13MP with an f/2.2 aperture, while the front camera is 5MP with f/2.0 aperture. The Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 is powered by a large non-removable 4000mAh battery.. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Questions & Answers. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Guides, News, & Discussion. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Snapdragon] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Mediatek] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Themes, Apps, and Mods. Kernels : Xiaomi Redmi Note 3. Tools/Utilities : Xiaomi Redmi Note 3. Rom List : Xiaomi Redmi Note 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Questions & Answers Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Guides, News, & Discussion Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Snapdragon] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Mediatek] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Themes, Apps, and Mods Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Accessories. Most Active Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Topics. [Port] Epic ROM based on Miui 9 Nougat 7.12.28 Global Official FINAL. Google Camera [HDR+, 60FPS, 42Mbit/sec] [Updated 31/8]. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Questions & Answers. GPS Issues on NOS, LOS and MIUI Nougat. SD card as internal storage in rr. enabling softkeys in build.prop not working on redmi note 3. More Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Questions & Answers Threads. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Guides, News, & Discussion. [Red Wolf] Install TWRP and root your device without breaking incremental OTA's!. [ROM] [Kenzo] [8.1] [LOS-based] crDroid v4.0 [2018/02/25]. Redmi note 3 not charging, the usb is dead, warning with chargers QC, possible fix.. [INDEX] Custom ROMs and Kernels [KENZO/KATE][19. More Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Snapdragon] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. [ROM] ► [8.1.0] ► [OTA][Fpc] ► Nitrogen OS Beta. ResurrectionRemix ROM 6.0.0 - Official Weeklies- 8.1.0. [ROM][8.1.0_r11[OFFICIAL] Cosmic-OS v3.1 - Universe [KENZO][25 feb 2018]. [ROM] [Beta] LineageOS 15.1 For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Snapdragon. More Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Snapdragon] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Mediatek] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. [ROM] Slim Miui - update 11.02.2018. [ROM][UNOFFICIAL][MARSHMALLOW][ALPHA] CyanogenMod 13.0 for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3. [ROM][UNOFFICIAL][MARSHMALLOW][BETA] LineageOS 13 for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3. More Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Mediatek] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Themes, Apps, and Mods. |kenzo/kate|audio mod|23-02-18|dac hax|dualspeakers|shox Audio Mod v3.1|. [UPDATED 24/02/18] New Pixel 2 Launcher Mod V1.4 Final. [UPDATED 25/02/18] Camera Mods (Google, HTC, Moto, OnePlus & more) & AR Stickers. [MOD] Google Phone - Bubble Edition (V. Ekm r12 :- |battery/perfomance profiles| |cpu / gpu undervolt| |lag reducer|.... More Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Themes, Apps, and Mods Threads. Headphones! Please help me find the best one. xiaomi red mi note 3 with helio x 10 cpu octacore...replacement battery..problem!. Another safe method to keep 3-card at the same time(SDCARD+SIM1+SIM2). More Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Accessories Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Please sign in and use My Center No account? Register. Xiaomi MIUI Official Forum › Devices › Redmi Note 3 › Xiaomi redmi note 3 (mediatek) global version rom. Xiaomi redmi note 3 (mediatek) global version rom. 297 forum credits, 203 more needed to upgrade to the next level. 297 forum credits, 203 more needed to upgrade to the next level. Is there any possiblity to relaease global rom for xiaomi redmi note 3 mediatek version? If so when could be the possible date. 74 forum credits, 126 more needed to upgrade to the next level. 74 forum credits, 126 more needed to upgrade to the next level. Maybe MTK version only for the Chinese region and it will not be the Global version? How do you think?. nope,there will be no global mediatek version due to some patent issues.. 297 forum credits, 203 more needed to upgrade to the next level. 297 forum credits, 203 more needed to upgrade to the next level. nope,there will be no global mediatek version due to some patent issues.. 110 forum credits, 90 more needed to upgrade to the next level. 110 forum credits, 90 more needed to upgrade to the next level. It strange, because redmi note 3 (mediatek) can be buy with an unofificial version of multilanguage miui 7 installed by the vendor. This is shame for Xiaomi and could lead loss of customers.. nope,there will be no global mediatek version due to some patent issues.. 74 forum credits, 126 more needed to upgrade to the next level. 74 forum credits, 126 more needed to upgrade to the next level. nope,there will be no global mediatek version due to some patent issues.. 241 forum credits, 259 more needed to upgrade to the next level. 241 forum credits, 259 more needed to upgrade to the next level. This post was edited by VidocQQ at 19:01, Mar-17-2016. why Redmi Note 2 have global (MTK) firmware ??? Redmi note 3 not have global firmware.... a shame PS: At least warned customers that there will be a global firmware , I would not buy Redmi Note 3.. Redmi Note 3 (MTK) is only released in China, so please don't expect Global ROM for MTK version until it is released in Global Market. Sign In | Register. Copyright © 2017 MIUI Beijing ICP No.10046444. 
Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar Main navigation. Database of GSM USB Drivers for all Android Devices. Home Samsung Lenovo Asus OnePlus Vivo Xiaomi Huawei BLU Search for any device.... Download Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) USB Drivers Reader Interactions Primary Sidebar. Home › Xiaomi › Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) USB Drivers. Having trouble connecting Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) to PC? It might be a driver problem, so just download Xiaomi USB Drivers and install them on Windows 10, 7, 8, 8.1 or XP PC. The Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) USB Drivers provided here are official and are virus free. Based on your need download USB Driver for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) from the downloads section and install it on Windows PC by following the instructions provided below.. With Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) USB Driver installed on PC, we can establish a secure connection between Computer and Mobile. This helps in transferring data like images, video, documents and other files to and fro from Mobile to PC. We have also provided Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) ADB and Fastboot drivers which helps in passing commands to Phone via Command Prompt (CMD).. There are three types of Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) USB Drivers available for download. Two of them can be used for flashing Stock Firmware and other stuff, basically for development purpose and the third one can be used for normally connecting your device to Computer or Laptop.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Driver for Flashing Firmware. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VCOM Drivers for Flashing Firmware. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) USB Driver for normal connecting to PC. The Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Fastboot and ADB drivers can be downloaded below.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) ADB and Fastboot Drivers. Also Download: Xiaomi Mi 4c USB Drivers. How to Install Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) USB Drivers Manually:. Step 1 : Download and extract the driver on your computer.. Step 2 : Open Device Manager and Click on “ Action “.. Step 3 : Now Click on “ Add legacy hardware “.. Note : If the “ Add legacy hardware ” option is missing then click on the empty space inside the Device Manager and then click on “ Action “. Now you should see “ Add legacy hardware ” option.. Step 4 : Click Next .. Step 5 : Select “ Install the hardware that I manually select from a list (Advanced) “.. Step 6 : Select “ Show All Devices ” and Click on “ Have Disk… ”. Step 7 : Click on Browse .. Step 8 : Locate the extracted driver manually on your computer.. Step 9 : Click Open. Step 10 : Choose the Driver you want to install and then Click on Next .. Step 11 : Your Driver will be installed and listed in the Device Manager.. Step 12 : If you see additional drivers in Step 10 , then follow the instructions from Step 3 to Step 9 again and choose the driver listed below the one which you have previously installed. Similarly, follow for all the additional drivers.. How to Install Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) ADB and Fastboot Drivers:. Step 1 : Download the 15 Seconds ADB installer on your PC. If it is in a .zip archive then extract it to obtain the. Step 2 : Right-click on the file and Run as administrator .. Step 3 : It should ask, whether you want to install ADB and Fastboot Driver on PC. Enter “Y” and hit Enter key.. Step 4 : Now it should ask whether you want to install ADB system-wide. Step 5 : It should ask whether you want to install device drivers. Step 6 : Follow the on-screen instructions.. Important Notes : [*] Driver Signature Error : If you got Driver Signature Error While installing the Driver then See this Video to fix this problem. [*] Broken link : Report here. [*] Have we missed any device model? Let us know by contacting us via Contact Us page.. SHARE ON Twitter Facebook WhatsApp Google+ Buffer LinkedIn Pin It. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Human Verification: In order to verify that you are a human and not a spam bot, please enter the answer into the following box below based on the instructions contained in the graphic.. Select a Device Manufacturer Select a Device Manufacturer Select Device 5Star Aamra Accent Acer ACI Adcom Admet Advan Advance AFC AG AGT Airmax Akai Akasaki Akua Alcatel Alive Allcall Allview Allwinner Alphard Altron Amazon Ambrane Amgoo Amoi Amschel Ank Aoto Aovo Aprix Apro Arbutus Archos Arise ARK Asiafone Ask Astro Astrum Asus Attila Avea Avov Avvio Axiom Axioo Azpen Azumi Babaosi Bassoon BDFones Bedove Bellphone BenQ Beyond Billion Bird Blackberry Blackview Bleck BLU Bluboo Blumix Bmobile Bontel Boway BQ Brandcode Bravis Bsmobile BSNL Byond Calme Camfone Cappu Casio Casper Caszh Cat CCE CCIT Celkon CellAllure Centric Champion Cheers Cherry Chuwi Cilee CityCall CKK Cktel Clarmin Clear Clementoni Cloudfone CMX Coddy Colorovo Colors Comio Condor Conquest Contigo Coolpad Croma Cube Cubot Daewoo Datawind DDC Dell Dexp Diamond Digicom Digiflip Digo Discover Discoveri-y Docoss DOMO Doogee Doopro Doppio DTC Dunns Ebest Editorial Egreat Ei Elephone Elite Energizer Enet Ephone Etel Eurostar Evercoss EveryPhone Fero Figo Fluo Fly FMT Fohow Fondi Fortis FPT Freedom Freetel G Plus G-Tide Garmin GDL General Mobile Genesis GeniusTouch Gfive Gicent Gigabyte Gigi Ginzzu Gionee Gmango Goclever Gol Goldberg Gome Good One Google Gooweel Gphone Grand Greenberry Greentel Gretel Gtel GuoPhone Haier HCL HDC hello Helowin Hero Himax Hisense Hitech Hocom HomTom Hoow Hopo Hotwav HP HSI HSL HTC Huasi Huawei Hyundai I-Boo iBall iBrit IceMobile iCherry iHunt iKnock IMI Infinix InFocus Innjoo iNova Intex Invens iPro iRulu It Works itel Ivoomi Jepssen Jesy Jiake Jivi Josh Mobile Kagoo Kaicom Karbonn Kata KDW Kelaida Kempler Kenbo Kente Kenxinda Kimfly Kingstar Koolnee Kult Kyocera Kzen L-Max Land Rover Lanix Lapnet Lava Leaf Leagoo Lecom LeEco Lemon Lenovo Lephone Letv LG Lmkj Logicom Long Lordor Lovme LV Mobile LY Lyf M-Horse M4tel Mafe Magicon Mobile Magnus Mai Malata Manta Massgo Massive Masstel Maxcom Maximus Maxwest Maxx Maxxcall MBO MCI MDC Meidou Meizu MEU Micromax Mifaso Mione MIQ Mirage Mito Mobell Mobicel Mobiistar Mobistel Mobo Modoex Motorola MPT Mtech Mobile MTN Mtouch Multilaser Mumi Mycell Myfon MyPhone Mytec Mytel Navcity NDE Newings Nexcom Nextbit NIU Nokia Nova Nvidia Nyx Oale Obi Ocean Okapia Oking Okwu OLA OneClick OnePlus Ooredoo Open Oplus Oppo Opsson Orange Orro OSE Osmo Otto Oukitel Ourstar Ovana Panasonic Pantech Partner Mobile PCD PCsmart Peace Phicomm Philips PhoneMax Pipo Pixus Plum Polaroid Polytron Posh Mobile Positivo Prestigio Primux Qlink QMobile Qnet Qphone Qrea Quantum Rage Rangs Razer RCA Reach Mobile Rinno Rivo Royalstar RugGear Ryte S-Color Samhe Samsung Sansui Seeken Selecline Sharp Shelby Sico Singtech Sinotec Sintel SKG Sky Skyview Skyworth Slim Smart Smile Snopow Sonim Sony Soraka Spice StarMobile STF Strawberry Swipe SYH Symphony T-Mobile Tasen Tashan TCL Tech Techcore Tecno Teeno Teknosa Telefunken Telego Telenor Texet THL Timmy Tinmo Titanic Tooky Toshiba Touchmate Tradeno True TWZ Ulefone Ultimate UMI Uni-Tel Unnecto Usha Verssed Vertex Vertu Verykool Vfone VG Viaan Vibo Videocon Viettel Vifone Vinci Vivo VK Vodafone Voicetel Volkssmart Vonino Vortex Voto Vsun Walton Wave We Western Wieppo Wiko Winfone Wing Wink Winmax Winstar Wolder Woxter XBO XBQ Xcom XDU XGody Xiaomi Xiaoxing Xolo Xplay Yasyas YBZ YesTel Yezz YotaPhone YU Yusun Zelta Zen Mobile Zentality ZH&K Zigo Ziox Zoji Zonda ZT Mobile ZTE ZURI Zuum Zync ZYQ. Privacy Policy About Contact Us Sitemap. Android USB Drivers | This site is not affiliated with Google or any of the device manufacturers listed on this site.. 
Please sign in and use My Center No account? Register. Xiaomi MIUI Official Forum › Devices › Redmi Note 3 › MIUI 8 for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek MT6795 Helio X10). MIUI 8 for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek MT6795 Helio X10). 109 forum credits, 91 more needed to upgrade to the next level. 109 forum credits, 91 more needed to upgrade to the next level. Hello, I would like to know, MIUI 8 for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek MT6795 Helio X10) will be available there. And it will need to do to update to MIUI 8? (Unlock Your Mi Maid, etc.). Here is a screenshot of my system. And the full features of my phone. Launch Announced 2015, November Status Available. Released 2015, November Body Dimensions 150 x 76 x 8.7 mm (5.91 x 2.99 x 0.34 in) Weight 164 g (5.78 oz) SIM Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by) Display Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Size 5.5 inches (~72.4% screen-to-body ratio) Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels (~403 ppi pixel density) Multitouch Yes - MIUI 7.0 Platform OS Android OS, v5.0.2 (Lollipop) Chipset Mediatek MT6795 Helio X10 CPU Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU PowerVR G6200 Memory Card slot No Internal 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. Camera Primary 13 MP, f/2.2, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash, check quality Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama Video 1080p@30fps, check quality Secondary 5 MP, f/2.0, 1080p Sound Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones Loudspeaker Yes 3.5mm jack Yes - 24-bit/192kHz audio. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic Comms WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.1, A2DP, LE GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS Infrared port Yes Radio Stereo FM radio, recording USB microUSB v2.0, USB On-The-Go Features Sensors Fingerprint, accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM Browser HTML5 Java No - Fast battery charging. Non-removable Li-Po 4000 mAh battery Stand-by Up to 264 h (3G) Music play Up to 60 h. Screenshot_2016-08-22-23-43-36.png (147.45 KB, Downloads: 22). 9828 forum credits, 10172 more needed to upgrade to the next level. 9828 forum credits, 10172 more needed to upgrade to the next level. You are using a vendor customised rom , use this guide to flash to latest stable ROM to get MIUI 8 OTA update when it releases : http://en.miui.com/thread-193681-1-1.html. Be aware that official stable ROM is designed for china and will not contain google apps , additional european and other languages (english is there). But u will have a stable look and will update to MIUI 8. There are ported versions of Global ROM for MTK in this forum itself if u want to try it out but i cant confirm its stability.. Always use Reply option so we can be notified. 109 forum credits, 91 more needed to upgrade to the next level. 109 forum credits, 91 more needed to upgrade to the next level. Miui 8 is released for redmi note 3 MTK. Miui 8 is released for redmi note 3 MTK. 109 forum credits, 91 more needed to upgrade to the next level. 109 forum credits, 91 more needed to upgrade to the next level. Miui 8 is released for redmi note 3 MTK. 75 forum credits, 125 more needed to upgrade to the next level. 75 forum credits, 125 more needed to upgrade to the next level. Its already realesed for reno 3 mtk.. Screenshot_2016-08-24-11-17-43-898_com.android.settings.png (216.78 KB, Downloads: 4). Follow the above guide, and flash MIUI 8. 109 forum credits, 91 more needed to upgrade to the next level. 109 forum credits, 91 more needed to upgrade to the next level. Follow the above guide, and flash MIUI 8. 109 forum credits, 91 more needed to upgrade to the next level. 109 forum credits, 91 more needed to upgrade to the next level. And this is a global version or English-China. Its already realesed for reno 3 mtk.. Sign In | Register. Copyright © 2017 MIUI Beijing ICP No.10046444. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek). All Listings - Current page. results for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek). Save Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) :. Did you mean: xiaomi redmi note 3 mediatek ( 61 items)?. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) - Clip On PU Leather Wallet Case & Powerbank. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Running Fitness Waistband Case & Handsfree. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) - Adjustable Design PU Leather Flip Case. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) - Clip Printed Series PU Leather Wallet Case. Cases Ultraslim Xiaomi Redmi Note 3/Note 3 Pro TPU Extra Thin Case. Protective Cover for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3/Note 3 Pro Stylus Phone Flip Case. Protective Cover for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3/Note 3 Pro TPU Silicone Flip Case Cover. Case Coque Housse Pochette Portfolio Video Xiaomi Redmi Note 3/Note 3 Pro. Nanotech Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X / 4 / 3 / 2 Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Tempered Glass for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3/Note 3 Pro Real Glass Screen Protector. Clip On Series PU Leather Wallet Book Case For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek). 3X Bulletproof Glass for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3/Note 3 Pro Real Screen Protector. 2X Tempered Glass for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3/Note 3 Pro Real Screen Protector. USB Power Charger Data Sync Jeans Cable Cord For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek). USB Power Charger Data Sync Nylon Cable Cord For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek). Qi Wireless Receiver Charger Pad Module For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek). 10CM Short USB Data Fast Charger WT Cable For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek). For Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) - Fabric Mix Clip Wallet Case & Earphone. Kapaver Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 (Mediatek Version) Back Cover case (Original). Kapaver Hybrid Dual Protection Case For (MediaTek Version) Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 (MediaTek) Case TPU-Case clear. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 (MediaTek) Case TPU-Case black-clear. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 (MediaTek) Case TPU-Case clear. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 (MediaTek) Case TPU-Case black-clear. Xiaomi Note 4X Mediatek 64GB 4GB Black Global ROM Installed - Trusted USA Seller. 360° Full Cover Hybrid Case + Tempered Glass For Xiaomi A1 6 Redmi Note 4 4X 5A. 360° Full Armor Hybrid Case + Tempered Glass Cover For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 3. Luxury Hard Armor Shockproof Silicone Cover Case For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 3 Pro. Amzer Hybrid Warrior Dual Layer Soft Cover Hard Case for Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. 360° Full Protector Case Cover+Tempered Glass for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 4 5s Mi5s. Luxury Big Window Smart Case Mirror Flip Leather Cover for Xiaomi Redmi Note4 4X. Shockproof Brushed Soft TPU Case Cover For Xiaomi Note 4/Redmi 3S Prime 3 Pro 5A. For Xiaomi Redmi 4X/ Note 4X Brushed Shockproof Case Slim Soft Rubber Back Cover. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4/4X Slim Hybrid Hard PC Armor Stand Shockproof Case Cover. For Xiaomi Mi A1 Mix2 Redmi Note 4 5A Electroplated Clear TPU Protect Case Cove. OEM Battery Door Replacement Housing Back Cover Case Fr Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 5.5". For Xiaomi Redmi 4X 5A 5 Plus Note 4 360° Full Cover Shockproof Hybrid Back Case. For Xiaomi Mi A1 Redmi 4A/4X Luxury Flip Leather Slim Wallet Magnetic Case Cover. NEW Ultra Thin Slim Silicone Soft Rubber TPU Back Case Cover For XiaoMi Phones. 360° Shockproof Slim Soft Rubber Silicone TPU Back Case Cover For XiaoMi RedMi. 100% Love Mei Hybrid Aluminum Extreme Waterproof Gorilla Armor Heavy Case Cover. Metal Aluminum Bumper Frame + PC Mirror Case Back Cover For Xiaomi Phone Series. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Painted TPU Silicone Soft Cover Case Shockproof Gel Back. For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 X 5A. Flip PU Leather Wallet Stand Full Cover Hard Case. Luxury Diamond electroplating Soft TPU Silicone Gel Back Case For Xiaomi Series. Rugged Hybrid Armor Shockproof Hard Case Stand Cover For Xiaomi 6 Redmi 4X Note4. 360° Full Cover Hybrid Case + Tempered Glass For Xiaomi A1 6 Redmi Note 4 4X 5A. 360° Rotating Finger Ring Magnetic Car Holder Back Case Cover For Various Phones. For Xiaomi Mi 5X/A1/Redmi 4A/4X/Note 4/4X Shockproof Silicone Painted Case Cover. 360° Full Armor Hybrid Case + Tempered Glass Cover For Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 3. 864 items found from eBay international sellers. ▶300+Sold▶For Xiaomi Note 2 Redmi Note 3 4 4X Pro▶. *100% CONNICS Brand * Good Quality*Free Shipping* Fast*. **100% Original ALIVO√Fast Shipping Service√In Stock√**. For iPad, OPPO, VIVO, Moto, HTC, Xiaomi, Huawei Phone. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Home City Guide Gadgets Mobile Phones Biz Directory Vehicles Media Appliances Sports more…. Laptops Tablets Digital Cameras Games Tv. Mobile Packages Nokia Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Apple Mobiles LG Mobiles HTC Mobiles Huawei Mobiles QMobile Motorola Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Infinix Mobiles. Celebrities Movies Television Live TV Channels. Air Conditioners Generators Refrigerators Grocery Items Kitchen Appliances. Recipes Health Names Videos. GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 TD-SCDMA. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). 16 GB, 2 GB RAM 32 GB, 3 GB RAM. 13 MP, f/2.2, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama. 1080 x 1920 pixels (~403 ppi pixel density). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 150 x 76 x 8.7 mm (5.91 x 2.99 x 0.34 in). - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) is a mobile phone in Pakistan. It has a 13 megapixels primary camera with 5.5 inches IPS LCD Capacitive touchscreen. The price of Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) is 13,900 Rs in Pakistan. You can find the complete specs, features, photos and unboxing videos of Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) here. You can also find the public opinion and buyer reviews of Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) here.. There are no user reviews for this listing.. Already have an account? Log in now. You will be able to upload media right after you submit your review.. Latest Reviews No entries were found. 3G Mobile Phones 4G Mobile Phones Camera Mobile Phones Dual Sim Mobile Phones Memory Card Mobile Phones Micro Sim Mobile Phones Nano Sim Mobile Phones Single Sim Mobile Phones Wireless LAN Mobile Phones Upcoming Mobile Phones Selfie Mobile Phones Dual Core Mobile Phones Quad Core Mobile Phones Octa Core Mobile Phones 1GB RAM Mobile Phones 2GB RAM Mobile Phones 3GB RAM Mobile Phones 4GB RAM Mobile Phones 6GB RAM Mobile Phones. Recent Blogs Actor Sridevi Dies At Age 54 In Dubai PSL 2018 Points Table – Current Team Standings & Rankings HBL PSL 2018 Official Anthem Song ”Dil Se Jaan Laga De”. Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use. Home City Guide Media Mobile Prices Mobile Packages Gadgets Appliances Vehicles Names Health Biz Directory Sports Recipes Videos. 
Menu Android iOS Reviews Features How-to About Contact us YouTube Podcast Social Instagram Feed Facebook Twitter. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek) – Review. Matteo Doni June 6, 2016. 5.5″ 1080×1920 IPS LCD screen Mediatek Helio X10 Octa-core chipset (2GHz) Power VR G6200 GPU 16GB/2GB RAM or 32GB/3GB RAM Dual SIM 13MP f/2.2 camera with Phase Detection Autofocus 5MP f/2.0 Selfie camera 4000 mAh battery WiFi, Bluetooth 4.1, A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS, FM Radio and IR Port Fingerprint scanner. Last year I reviewed the Xiaomi Redmi Note 2, a great value device with excellent specs. Just over three months after the launch of the Redmi Note 2 Xiaomi announced the Redmi Note 3. I spent some pocket money recently and purchased one to see if it is a worthy successor or upgrade on the Redmi Note 2.. Xiaomi is going from strength to strength in the global smartphone market, and their growth outside China is currently driven by the Redmi Note 3. The third iteration of the Redmi Note line comes hot on the heels of of the Redmi Note 2, and shares some of its specs on paper, but is a very different product overall. TL;DR: for £120 you are getting a lot of smartphone.. The device reviewed is a 32GB storage 3GB RAM one, purchased from an AliExpress seller in China. Google apps and services were side-loaded by me, as this is a Chinese version.. As mentioned earlier, the Redmi Note 3 may have a lot of similarities with the Redmi Note 2 on the spec sheet, but it feels like a completely different device to use. The all metal body design, heftier feel because of the bigger battery and the fingerprint scanner make for a much more pleasant overall ergonomic use.. The front of the device is dominated by the lovely Full HD IPS display which is crisp and has punchy colours. Below the screen you find the capacitive control buttons (multitasking, home and back). Above the screen you find the earpiece, proximity and light sensors and the 5MP selfie camera.. The right side of the device just has the power and volume rocker buttons.. The bottom of the device is where you’ll find the microphone hole and MicroUSB port, which is offset to the left (as on the Redmi Note 2).. The left side of the Redmi Note 3 is home to the Dual SIM tray.. On the top of the device you’ll find the infra-red port, a 3.5mm audio jack and a noise cancelling microphone.. The back of the device has a mono-speaker grille at the bottom, a shiny MI logo above it, a fingerprint scanner easily used with an index finger and the 13MP camera and flash.. The Redmi Note 3’s body has rounded sides and is made of metal, with matching silver plastic panels at the top and bottom which cover the antennas. Overall it fells like a premium device to hold and the fingerprint scanner is fast and reliable.. The Redmi Note 3 runs on MIUI, Xiaomi’s Android-based operating system. MIUI is frequently updated and has its own UX language, launcher, apps and theme engine.. Flat design and a drawer-less launcher make for a compelling, even if iOS-like, user experience. When compared with Huawei’s similar EMUI, MIUI seems to be more polished and have less “conflicting features”. Currently my Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 is running MIUI 7.3, which is based on Android 5.0.2 and has the April 2016 security patch applied. Updates with minor and incremental improvements and bug fixes have been arriving on an almost monthly basis and I enjoy the overall MIUI experience.. If you are after a more Google-like Android experience, it is simple enough to install a third party launcher, like the excellent Action Launcher 3, and any apps you would like. That’s the beuty of the Android ecosystem.. The 13MP camera on the back is an improvement over the Redmi Note 2 in day to day use and produces good pictures in bright light conditions, but can be noisy and slow in low light. The MIUI camea software is pretty comprehensive, includes HDR and scene modes, panaorama, manual and beautify modes.. The 5MP Selfie camera is pretty good and is complemented by some pretty cool software features such as beauty mode, gender and age detection. I’m easily amused: I often try and trick the selfie camera to making it believe some amusing things…. The 4000 mAh battery keeps things ticking over for a full day for me, and that is an impressive achievement. Whether streaming Amazon Prime Music, playing Goat Simulator or Threes, I’ve never seen a noticeable slow down or lag in using the device. As someone who doesn’t believe in benchmarks, I consider the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 a reliable workhorse, and performance can be managed through the power settings.. On paper, the Redmi Note 3 wasn’t much of an upgrade over the Redmi Note 2, but in everyday use it definitely is. The 4000 mAh battery keeps things ticking for longer, the metal body and fingerprint scanner make for better ergonomics and usability. If you are in the market for a 5.5″ smartphone the Redmi Note 3 is a definite buy from me, unless you need expandable storage. The only fly in the soup for the Redmi Note 3 is the lack of MicroSD expansion, but if not go crazy on AliExpress.com. There is also a Qualcomm Snapdragon powered version of the Redmi Note 3, which also has MicroSD expansion so consider that as well.. Last year I reviewed the Xiaomi Redmi Note 2, a great value device with excellent specs. Just over three months after the launch of the Redmi Note 2 Xiaomi announced the Redmi Note 3. I spent some pocket money recently and purchased one to see if it is a worthy successor or upgrade on the Redmi Note 2. Xiaomi is going from strength to strength in the global smartphone market, and their growth outside China is currently driven by the Redmi Note 3. The third iteration of the Redmi Note line comes hot on the heels of of the Redmi Note 2, and shares some of its specs on paper, but is a very different product overall. TL;DR: for £120 you are getting a lot of smartphone. Specifications 5.5" 1080x1920 IPS LCD screen Mediatek Helio X10 Octa-core chipset (2GHz) Power VR G6200 GPU 16GB/2GB RAM or 32GB/3GB RAM Dual SIM 13MP f/2.2 camera with Phase Detection Autofocus 5MP f/2.0 Selfie camera 4000 mAh battery WiFi, Bluetooth 4.1, A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS, FM Radio and IR Port Fingerprint scanner The device reviewed is a 32GB storage 3GB RAM one, purchased from an AliExpress seller in China. Google apps and services were side-loaded by me, as this is a Chinese version. As mentioned earlier, the Redmi Note 3 may have a lot of similarities with the Redmi Note 2 on the spec sheet, but it feels like a completely different device to use. The all metal body design, heftier feel because of the bigger battery and the fingerprint scanner make for a much more pleasant overall ergonomic use. The front of the device is dominated by the lovely Full HD IPS display which is crisp and has punchy colours. Below the screen you find the capacitive control buttons (multitasking, home and back). Above the screen you find the earpiece, proximity and light sensors and the 5MP selfie camera. The right side of the device just has the power and volume rocker buttons. The bottom of the device is where you'll find the microphone hole and MicroUSB port, which is offset to the left (as on the Redmi Note 2). The left side of the Redmi Note 3 is home to the Dual SIM tray. On the top of the device you'll find the infra-red port, a 3.5mm audio jack and a noise cancelling microphone. The back of the device has a mono-speaker grille at the bottom, a shiny MI logo above it, a fingerprint scanner easily used with an index finger and the 13MP camera and flash. The Redmi Note 3's body has rounded sides and is made of metal, with matching silver plastic panels at the top and bottom which cover the antennas. Overall it fells like a premium device to hold and the fingerprint scanner is fast and reliable. Software The Redmi Note 3 runs on MIUI, Xiaomi's Android-based operating system. MIUI is frequently updated and has its own UX language, launcher, apps and theme engine. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek) – Review. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek) – Review. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek) 84. A lot of phone for £120. Excellent mid-range device with a solid non-Google user experience.. HTC post some rather disappointing revenue figures. Make your own Google Cardboard glasses. Share: Facebook Twitter Pinterest Linkedin Google+ Email. Coolsmartphone Podcast 222 Porgi Intervention [Read More...]. Podcast: Play in new window. Subscribe: Apple Podcasts | Android | RSS. DJI Mavic Air unboxing video and first impressions. Honor 9 Lite – Video review. VAVA MOOV 28 Wireless Sports Earphones – Review. Huawei Watch 2 (4G) – Review. EBox T8 V TV box – Review. PrimAcc Qi Quick Wireless Charging Stand – Review. Honor 9 vs Honor 9 Lite – The camera test… and a rant. People are still using their phones at the wheel. Why fighting them isn’t exactly straightforward.. Video Downloader Samsung Galaxy S9 Release Date is sooner than you think!. 
Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 MediaTek Version VS. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Snapdragon Version. With good design, features, and reasonable performance at a very attractive price, the Redmi series has always been wildly popular. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3, with no exception, has been the successor of one of Xiaomi’s most popular phones. The Redmi Note 3 has two versions, the Snapdragon 650 version and MediaTek Helio X10 version. Many customers are confused about which version is better. Today we will share with you the comparison and difference between Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 MediaTek version and Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Snapdragon version.. Redmi Note 3 Mediatek version is equipped with a basic sunlight display, while the Redmi Note 3 Snapdragon version is equipped with an upgraded sunlight display. The latest upgraded sunlight display uses “pixel level dynamic contrast technology”, which means each pixel gets adjusted with brightness according to its ambient light.. In terms of processor, there is a huge difference between Redmi Note 3 MediaTek version and Redmi Note 3 Snapdragon version. The Redmi note 3 MediaTek version is powered by MediaTek ‘s Flagship Helio X10 Octor core processor, which supports speed up to 2.2ghz, capturing HD images and recording 4K videos. While the Redmi note 3 Snapdragon version is the first phone to launch with Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 650 processor. The Snapdragon 650 chip offers a hexa-core processor with 2x Cortex-A72 at 1.8GHz and 4x Cortex-A53 at 1.4GHz.. The Redmi Note 3 MediaTek is equipped with primary 13MP f/2.2 rear camera, which is capable of capturing decent image. While the Redmi Note 3 Snapdragon version is equipped with 16 MP f/2.0 rear camera. This is the first smartphone from Xiaomi that features a 16 mega pixel in such affordable price. With dual Image Sensor Processor (ISP) and 0.1 ultra-fast PDAF technology, Redmi Note 3 Snapdragon version allows you to take HD photos. Both devices have 5 MP front selfie camera.. The Redmi Note 3 Snapdragon version supports 2G/3G/4G network, while the MediaTek version supports 2G/3G/4G even 4G+ network.. The Redmi Note 3 Snapdragon version supports VoLTE which introduces HD voice and video calls, while the Redmi Note 3 MediaTek version doesn’t support VoLTE.. Through the contrast, we believe you have your answer – which one do you want to buy?. 1 year ago Cell Phones , What's New Redmi Note 3 2,789. Hi3798C V200 - one of the best SoCs for HDTV Teclast Tbook 11 Unboxing Review. LeTV LeEco Le 2 X520 Snapdragon 652 Android 6.0 Smartphone Firmware 235436 20170814. Stock firmware for tianhe h920+ mtk6589t smartphone sku168778. TV Box & Tronsmart Coupon Zone (1). ► TV Stick/ TV BOX (606). M8 S802 Quad Core TV BOX (7). NEO X8/ Neo X8-H (12). Tronsmart Ara X5 Plus (1). Tronsmart Vega S89/Vega S89 Elite (24). Ugoos UT1/Kaiboer Bor F4 (4). Meizu MX4 Pro Flyme 3GB 16GB 32GB Firmware 186040 182688 201506011 – - on Flash Guide for Meizu Smartphone Pascual Acuña on Stock Firmware for ZTE Open C FireFox 1.3 OS Android 4.4 Kitkat Smartphone Pascual Acuña on Stock Firmware for ZTE Open C FireFox 1.3 OS Android 4.4 Kitkat Smartphone czytelnik on Pipo X8 Dual Boot System Upgrade Method 186834 20150617 czytelnik on Pipo X8 Dual Boot System Upgrade Method 186834 20150617. Geek Gadgets is the official blog of GeekBuying.com. It is a blog about tech, hardware and software. You can find a lot of useful information about firmware updates, root tutorials, reviews, and hands-on reports, etc. If you have any good tips or advices, please email us at: marketing@geekbuying.com .. How to know if the phone can work with network frequency of your country?. Android TV Boxes Flash Tutorials & Tool. MXQ 4K RK3229 Smart TV Box Firmware Update. H96 PRO Plus Android 7.1.2 Amlogic S912 TV BOX Firmware Update 20171025. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. 8 9 10 11 12 13 14. 15 16 17 18 19 20 21. 22 23 24 25 26 27 28. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Mediatek] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Mediatek] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Questions & Answers Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Guides, News, & Discussion Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Snapdragon] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Themes, Apps, and Mods. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. Improve your Mediatek version only, Xiaomi Redmi Note 3's battery life, performance, and look by rooting it and installing a custom ROM, kernel, and more.. Showing threads 1 to 20 of 25. Kernels : Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Mediatek] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Tools/Utilities : Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Mediatek] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Rom List : Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Mediatek] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. gregbradley engloa Art Vanderlay Olivier Logan oka1 Vatsal.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Mediatek] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. Announcement : 📚 Forum Rules by. 📚 Mediatek development only - check your Note 3 version. 17th January 2018 12:01 PM. 24th February 2018 11:36 AM. [ROM] Slim Miui - update 11.02.2018. 15th February 2018 01:24 PM. 14th February 2018 12:32 PM. [ROM][UNOFFICIAL][MARSHMALLOW][ALPHA] CyanogenMod 13.0 for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3. 7th February 2018 07:21 PM. [ROM][UNOFFICIAL][MARSHMALLOW][BETA] LineageOS 13 for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3. 27th January 2018 11:04 AM. 27th January 2018 01:30 AM. DT2W to flash? Please help me. 3rd January 2018 09:31 PM. [ROM][UNOFFICIAL][STABLE] Ressurection Remix LP v5.5.9 for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3. 14th December 2017 05:31 PM. [ROM][UNOFFICIAL][STABLE] AOSP for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 MTK. 23rd November 2017 03:55 PM. [ROM] Hennessy - Redmi Note 3 - Factory ROM. 3rd October 2017 12:01 PM. [ROM]FlymeOS5.1.6.24R Fingerprint for Redmi Note3[MTK] By ycjeson. 24th September 2017 01:23 PM. [OFFICIAL][TWRP][hennessy] TWRP for Redmi Note 3 - MTK. 30th August 2017 04:50 PM. [ROM][UNOFFICIAL][STABLE] CyanogenMod 12.1 for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 MTK. 12th August 2017 05:05 PM. [ROM] MIUI 8 Global 6.9.29 | Beta - Redmi Note 3 (MTK - Ported - Goodix FP working). 27th July 2017 10:39 AM. [Redmi Note3] [Mediatek] Xiaomi.eu [MIUI 8] DEV 6.7.14, Multilang, Root. 1st June 2017 12:42 AM. [ROM][UNOFFICIAL][STABLE] Bliss POP v4.0.3 for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 MTK. 26th March 2017 04:13 AM. [ROM][UNOFFICIAL][STABLE] MoKee OS for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 MTK. 31st January 2017 03:22 AM. 30th December 2016 10:16 AM. 30th December 2016 06:36 AM. [ROM][UNOFFICIAL][STABLE] PAC-ROM LP-MR-1 for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 MTK. 28th November 2016 02:47 PM. gregbradley engloa Art Vanderlay Olivier Logan oka1 Vatsal.. Top Threads in Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Mediatek] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development by ThreadRank. [ROM] Slim Miui - update 11.02.2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Mediatek] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. [TOOL][Windows] Zip Builder v4.2.1 - Build and Sign ANY script based installer. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. [MOD] Low-RAM Property Patcher for Android. Android Software and Hacking General [Developers Only]. [APP][4.4.2+] ROLO -Contact Manager That Works Like a Personal CRM. [GAPPS][ARM][ARM64][8.1] Unofficial OpenGApps builds for Android Oreo. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 [Mediatek] ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. Mobile Spare Parts Chargers Pen Drive Power Banks. LCD With Digitizer LCD Touch Digitizer Housing Battery. 8GB Pen Drives 16GB Pen Drives 32GB Pen Drives 64GB Pen Drives. Bag 0 item(s) ₹0.00. You have no items in your Bag. Add some to cart or Login in. weekly discount up to 50% off. Mobile Spare Parts Chargers Pen Drive Power Banks. LCD With Digitizer LCD Touch Digitizer Housing Battery. 8GB Pen Drives 16GB Pen Drives 32GB Pen Drives 64GB Pen Drives. Mobile Spare Parts Chargers Pen Drive Power Banks. LCD With Digitizer LCD Touch Digitizer Housing Battery. 8GB Pen Drives 16GB Pen Drives 32GB Pen Drives 64GB Pen Drives. Bag 0 item(s) ₹0.00. You have no items in your Bag. Add some to cart or Login in. We are selling genuine products with 45 days warranty.. Get great deals on every products and also get PayTM cashback.. We have two varieties of every products with different prices.. HP V-210 W 8 GB Pen Drive. Now you can transfer data on-the-go. Connect the HP 8 GB Utility Pen Drive to an OTG connector and transfer files and data quickly to your compatible smartphone or tablet.. HP V236w 16 GB Pen Drive. Sandisk Cruzer Blade 32 GB (Multicolor). Sony USM32GR/W// USM32GR/W2// USM32GR/WZ 32 GB Pen Drive. Sony USM32GR/W// USM32GR/W2// USM32GR/WZ 32 GB Pen Drive (White). SanDisk Ultra USB 3.0 32 GB Pen Drive. Sandisk USB 3.0 Pendrive, Pendrive, 32 GB Pendrive, Sandisk Pendrive, Urwish.. SanDisk SDDD3-032G-I35 32 GB Pen Drive. SanDisk SDDD3-032G-I35 32 GB Pen Drive. HP V-210 W 64GB Pen Drive. HP v210w 64 GB Pen Drive. HP V 215 B 64GB Utility Pendrive. Store your movies, music and more in this utility pen drive from HP. With a capacity of 16 GB and a creative HP logo charm, this pen drive has a compact design and a durable metal finish.. dialmall.com, a product of NauraTech India., is a specialists in Mobile phone spare parts, repairing tools and accessories was established in Lucknow, India in 2017.. Tel: +91-9532-010-010 Tel: +91-9532-040-040. Skype: -------------, Skype: -------------. info@dialmall.com contact@dialmall.com. 6,Gaurav, Vihar Chinhat, Lucknow- 226028, Uttar Pradesh, INDIA. Subscribe to our newsletter and know first about all the promotions and discounts. Subscribe to our newsletter and know first about all the promotions and discounts. 
Apple Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi. Home Smartphones Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek). Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Specs and review. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) is smartphone from 2015 year. For its performance cares processor Octa-core, Cortex-A53 with operating frequency of 2000Mhz. The device's screen is 5.5 inches. The camera has a sensor of 13 MP. For the life of the phone cares battery with capacity of 4000 mAh. The smartphone comes with operating system Android OS, v5.0.2 (Lollipop). This is just a short description. For detailed specifications and all features refer to the table below and leave your comments.. Front camera 5 MP, f/2.0, 1080p. Operating system (OS) Android OS, v5.0.2 (Lollipop). Processor 1 (CPU) 2000 MHz, Octa-core, Cortex-A53. Internal memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM32 GB, 3 GB RAM. GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 23G bands. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). Up to 264 h (3G)Talk timeMusic play. Dimension (HxWxD, mm) 150 Ð¥ 76 Ð¥ 8.7. SIM card Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). Wi-Fi Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. GPS Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. - Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) - comments and opinions. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Video review - unboxing, speed, camera .... Did you find an error in the catalog? Tell us about it and we will fix it as soon as possible.. If you want to thank you tell us your email:). In our database there are 4337 smartphones from 95 brands And we continue to add new ones. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VS Huawei Honor GR5 5X. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VS Xiaomi Mi 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VS Xiaomi Mi 4. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VS Meizu m3 note. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VS Xiaomi Redmi 3s. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VS Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VS OnePlus X. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VS Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VS Motorola Moto X Play. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VS Samsung Galaxy Note 4. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VS OnePlus 2. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VS Motorola Moto G (3rd gen). Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VS Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VS Asus Zenfone 2 Laser ZE550KL. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) VS Apple iPhone 6. PhonesData is the Web site where you can find information about the full technical specifications of all smartphones. We have added specifications such as size of the screen, processor MHz, MP of camera, battery, weight, operating system, and many more!. We are adding daily new devices and checking the old errors. However, it is possible catalog to have inaccuracies. Not responsible for incorrect entered information. The latest smartphones you can buy from Amazon, Ebay, your mobile operator, the formal representation or other souvenirs of your choice at their price price.. Apple Google HTC Huawei LG Motorola Nokia OnePlus Samsung Sony Xiaomi. 2018 Â© PhonesData - All rights reserved.. 
(Redirected from Redmi Note 3 ). Qualcomm MSM8956 Snapdragon 650. Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53. version) or 3 GB (High version). version) or 32 GB (High version). mm) IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen. 1080 x 1920 pixels, ~403 ppi , 16M colors. Samsung S5K3M2 13 MP Camera (Mediatek Edition). OmniVision OV5670 5 MP , f/2.0 Camera. kate: www .mi .com /tw /note3 /. This mobile phone–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it .. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gold (MTK). Snapdragon : Android 5.1.1 "Lollipop" upgradeable to: Android 6.0.1 "Marshmallow". Hexa-core (4x1.4 GHz Cortex-A53 & 2x1.8 GHz Cortex-A72). Samsung S5K3P3 16 MP , f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash (Snapdragon Edition). Wi-Fi 802.11a/b/g/n/ac (2.4 & 5GHz), dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. Bluetooth v4.1, A2DP , Low-energy. hennessey/kenzo: www .mi .com /note3 /. kenzo: www .mi .com /en /note3 /. The Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 is a smartphone developed by Xiaomi Inc. It is a part of the Xiaomi's low-end Redmi smartphone line, and has three variants.. The MediaTek variant (codename hennessey) was released on November 24, 2015. The Snapdragon variant (codename kenzo) was launched on February, 2016. Redmi Note 3 Special Edition [5] (codename kate) was launched on June 2016, it features an upgraded modem and new housing, all the specifications except modem are the same as in kenzo.. The smartphone's successor, Redmi Note 4 , was introduced in China on August 24, 2016. The MediaTek variant of Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 is equipped with MediaTek MT6795 Helio X10 , PowerVR G6200 GPU. The Snapdragon variants have the Hexa-core 1.8. GHz Snapdragon 650 and Adreno 510 GPU. mm) 1080p display, 2 GB or 3 GB RAM, 16 GB or 32 GB eMMC 5.0 Flash, a 5 MP front camera, non-removable Li-Po 4050. mAh battery and it supports 802.11b/g/n/ac networks on both the 2.4 and 5. Phones also support two SIM cards or a SIM card + microSDHC card because one SIM card and the microSDHC card share the same physical tray slot.. One notable difference between the MediaTek and Qualcomm variants of the phone is the primary camera. The Mediatek phone uses a less powerful 13MP camera sensor, whereas this is upgraded to a 16MP sensor on the Qualcomm models. The Snapdragon versions use a special display technology known as 'Sunlight Display' in which the phone detects the ambient light and makes pixel level adjustments in order to be better legible in the sunlight. It also features a blue light filter for low light night reading. Another notable feature of the phone is the presence of a finger-print sensor at the back. It is not only fast but very accurate as well. It can be used from all directions and can unlock the phone in around 0.1 seconds. It can also be used for capturing images via the front or the rear cameras.. Kenzo runs on an Android based MIUI 7 OS which was upgraded to MIUI 8 based on Android 6.0 and then to the newest MIUI 9. [10] Many custom Android ROMs are available for this device; [11] notable examples are MIUI 9 mased on Android 7.0 , CyanogenMod 13 and 14 (based on Android Marshmallow and Nougat, respectively), Lineage OS 13, 14, 15 and an unstable port of Sailfish OS .. Kate came with MIUI 8 based on Android 6.0 which can be upgraded to latest MIUI 9. Although both Snapdragon based variants are similar their ROMs are not compatible with each other and installing the wrong one may cause break down of the device. Mediatek variant runs on MIUI 7, upgraded to the newest MIUI 9. On August 25, 2016, Xiaomi reported it had sold around 1.75 million units since March 2016. [13] It also became the highest-shipped smartphone in India's online market in Q2 2016. [14] It also became India's best online selling phone after it sold 2.3 million units until September 2016. In September 2017, InsightPortal reported the phone ranked 10th in their list of top ten devices worldwide with a market share of 1.1%. ^ "Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Snapdragon". Retrieved 19 August 2016. ^ "Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek)". ^ "Xiaomi Event 24 November, 2015 Redmi Note 3, Mi Pad 2". Archived from the original on 4 February 2016. Retrieved 19 August 2016. ^ "Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 - Full phone specifications". ^ "紅米Note 3 規格 - 小米台灣官網". ^ "The Snapdragon Edition Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 hands-on". Retrieved 19 August 2016. ^ "Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 - Full phone specifications". Retrieved 29 June 2017. ^ a b c Forum, Xiaomi MIUI Official. "MIUI ROM for Redmi Note 3 - MIUI Downloads - Xiaomi MIUI Official Forum". ^ "Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Forum on XDA Developers". ^ Forum, Xiaomi MIUI Official. "difference between redmi note 3 and redmi note 3 special edition. ? - Redmi Note 3 - Xiaomi MIUI Official Forum". ^ "Xiaomi reports an impressive 1.75 million Redmi Note 3 sales". ^ "Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Quarterly Shipments Hit Record 880,000 Units". ^ "Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 becomes a bestseller in India". "InsightPortal | The World's Top 10 Mobile Phones - September". Categories : Smartphones Xiaomi Mobile phones introduced in 2015 Mobile technology stubs. Hidden categories: CS1 Chinese-language sources (zh) All stub articles. Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in. Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store. Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page. What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page. Create a book Download as PDF Printable version. This page was last edited on 24 January 2018, at 13:46. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. 
How to Install TWRP Custom Recovery on OnePlus X. How to Install TWRP Custom Recovery on OnePlus 3T. How to Install TWRP Custom Recovery on OnePlus 3. How to Install TWRP Custom Recovery on OnePlus One. How to Install TWRP Custom Recovery on OnePlus 5. How to Zip and Unzip Files in Windows 10. Rebuild Icon Cache in Windows 10. Custom ROMs for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3. Resurrection Remix ROM 5.8.X (Official [Android 7.1.2]). The Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 smartphone is the larger brother to the original Redmi 3 smartphone. It comes with a display that is an extra half an inch larger (5.5 inches) and also in two variants. One of the variants is a single SIM, and the other is a dual SIM. Both the single and dual SIM options have different processors (or system chips a.k.a SoC’s), and that is how you can easily identify them.. You need to be able to identify them if you plan on installing a custom ROM because the custom ROMs are either developed for the Mediatek processor of the Snapdragon processor. You can find out what version of the CPU chipset you have on the Redmi Note 3 by navigating to the Settings > About Device and then taking a look at where it shows you the model number. Additionally, the different processors are often sold in the various regions. For example, the dual SIM might not be available in the United States and the people getting the dual SIM are from the Asian countries. In other words, if you have a friend who is in the same country as you and the have the Snapdragon CPU, then yours will likely have it as well.. These are the best custom ROMs out there to be installed on the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 smartphone for you to install today.. Note: Make sure you check what model number the custom ROM is made for from the download links. Whenever we create a post such as this one, it means the model numbers are all thrown into the same article. Don’t assume that all custom ROMs will work for all model numbers. Each download link will mention what model number the ROM is for somewhere on the page, either in the custom ROM thread title or the original post closer to the download link. If you still don’t see it there then have a read of some comments or leave a comment yourself if you aren’t sure, and the custom ROM poster or other people subscribed to the thread will help you out.. If you want to have a pure MIUI operating system that is running on the Android 6.0-Android 6.1 Marshmallow software updates, then you should check out this pureMIUI Marshmallow custom ROM. You can expect to find that this pure MIUI is like having the Android Open Source Project but instead of Android being the centrepiece of the operating system, it is now MIUI. The main difference being any bloatware from the phone carrier networks is now taken away.. It’s hard to tell what the developer is stating about this custom ROM because he isn’t writing in English. Usually, people must write in English on the XDA-Developers forum and if they don’t then the thread is deleted. But since this is a good custom ROM it looks like the thread has stayed up, but we just can’t understand what he is saying. If you are really interested in installing the pure MIUI custom ROM, then you might want to try Google translate and see what it says.. Download: AGNI pureMIUI Marshmallow ROM. While it’s still a Nightly build and not a stable release, the Resurrection Remix custom ROM available here is being installed by many people because it is the official version. These official ROMs have very few bugs, and all of the features will obviously be working since it is put together by the official team. Resurrection Remix custom ROMs come with loads of feature and is a highly customizable ROM.. But arguably the best feature of this Resurrection Remix custom ROM is the fact that it is based on the Android 7.1.2 Nougat software update. To put that into perspective, the people with the Mediatek processor only have ROMs based on the Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Also, Android 7.1.2 is practically the newest version of Android that you will find installed on any device out there.. Note: this Resurrection Remix custom ROM is the most downloaded and installed custom ROM for the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 smartphone to date, amassing over three-quarters of a million views and nearly two hundred thousand more downloads than any other ROM for the device.. Download: Resurrection Remix version 5.8 ROM. Another hugely successful custom ROM for the Redmi Note 3 smartphone is this Nitrogen OS. The Nitrogen OS ROM has amassed over half a million downloads and installed. The main reason for that is much like the Resurrection Remix custom ROM listed above: it is based on the Android 7.1.2 Nougat software update as well. Don’t forget that the number one reason for installing a custom ROM in the first place is to try to update the device to a version of Android that never rolled out for the device. Also hugely popular is when a really new version of Android is available for people to try and they haven’t ever seen it before. That’s what’s happening here with the Nitrogen OS custom ROM.. With all of that being said, the Nitrogen OS is a great ROM and does come with some great features in its own right. It isn’t just all about the fact that it is based on the Android 7.1.2 Nougat software update—though that will always be the number one reason. Nitrogen OS is based on CyanogenMod, the Android Open Source project, DU and Pure.. The XenonHD 7.1 is another high-quality custom ROM available for the Redmi Note 3 smartphone. XenonHD is a name that many people know because the team builds custom ROMs for many devices, similar to CyanogenMod and Resurrection Remix (and Nitrogen OS to a lesser extent.) The 7.1 listed in the title isn’t the version of the custom ROM but rather the version of Android that it is based on (which is sure to make many people happy.) In other words, the XenonHD custom ROM is based on the Android 7.1 Nougat software update, and it will probably continue to be updated into the future with newer versions of Nougat too.. The XenonHD custom ROM is based on the CyanogenMod builds.. Download: XenonHD Android 7.1 ROM. The unofficial version of the CyanogenMod 13 custom ROM is available for the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 smartphone with the Mediatek system chip. These CyanogenMod custom ROMs are not being made anymore, but when they were, they were the best available out of any custom ROM. Their failure to still be making custom ROMs was not because they were not good. was the only custom ROM name that was a full fledged company, and when the company went bust, they also stopped making custom ROMs at the same time. Many of the developers from CyanogenMod are now working under the LineageOS name instead, so those are the best custom ROMs to be installing at the moment. You might also be aware that CyanogenMod wasn’t just a custom ROM for itself but was also being used as the source code and base for many other ROMs. The LineageOS name has taken over from that role and now provides the same kind of solid foundation for other ROM makers to use.. The CyanogenMod 13 custom ROMs are always based on Android 6.0 Marshmallow and go all the way through to Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow depending on how many updates they get. Generally speaking, if a lot of people are installing the ROMs, then they will keep getting updated. But the CyanogenMod 13 never goes up above Marshmallow, so if you ever get a Nougat ROM, it will then be called LineageOS for that Android 7.0 and above version.. No one really prefers having an unofficial build over an official one, but that doesn’t mean that you can’t get stable unofficial custom ROMs. The 5.5.9 version of the Resurrection Remix custom ROM that is available here is a good one even though the developer who ported the ROM over from another device doesn’t speak excellent English. That doesn’t mean it’s not high-quality work. We are starting to see skilled developers who can’t talk English very well.. One of the problems you can find with unofficial custom ROMs though is some of the features not working like they would if the official custom ROM was available and sometimes the features don’t work at all. The problems with things not working are usually listed in the original post where you can find the download link. In this instance, the original poster has listed that the 4G connection only works with the first SIM card slot. The second SIM card slot can only use 2G. That’s not a huge deal, and some smartphones come out with this by default. The other issue that has been noted by the original developer is the fingerprint sensor might not be working either.. Download: Resurrection Remix version 5.5.9 ROM. By far the custom ROM for the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 that has amassed the most views, the CyanogenMod 12.1 custom ROM is based on the older Android Lollipop and comes with the working fingerprint sensor. The fingerprint sensor was obviously one of the highlight features on smartphones over the last few years. This fingerprint reader is built into the devices themselves, but if the operating system isn’t able to use it, then it becomes a waste of space. Sadly, that has been the case with many custom ROMs over the time since it’s been out for technical difficulties we don’t know how to explain. If ever you can find a custom ROM—like you do have here with the CyanogenMod 12.1 custom ROM—that has the fingerprint reader working, then you can rest assured that it is going to be used by many people.. Another reason why this CyanogenMod 12.1 (The older versions of CyanogenMod) has so many downloads is that it is older and more people were checking out the ROMs available back then. If it were me looking for a ROM to install today, I’d probably go with the CyanogenMod 13 instead because it’s newer.. Update: As it turns out, this CyanogenMod 12.1 is a stable build whereas the other (later) CyanogenMod 13 listed above is still in its “Alpha” stages. That is going to be the main reason people are installing the CyanogenMod 12.1 ROM—and I agree with that until the CM 13 is a stable build as well (if that time ver comes.). Download: CyanogenMod 12.1 unofficial ROM. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 owners aren’t having much luck with getting official custom ROMs developers so far on the list, but the names of the unofficial ROMs are good. The Bliss Pop custom ROM is a favourite to many. As we’ve already said, unofficial builds can have some additional bugs or even features not working. Some of the functions that are listed as not working for this version of the Bliss Pop custom ROM include the fingerprint sensor and the 4G for the second SIM card. You can only use the 2G on the second SIM (because this is a dual SIM smartphone with the Mediatek system chip.). Bliss Pop version 4.0.3 for the Redmi Note 3 smartphone is based on the Android 5.1 Lollipop software updates and may be updated to newer version of Lollipop such as the Android 5.1.1 software update. However, it will never go up any higher than Lollipop. The update to Marshmallow–if the Bliss Pop ROM ever provides it—will be given a new version number.. Download: Bliss POP version 4.0.3 unofficial ROM. You might also be interested in:. Have something to say? You can contribute to this tech article by leaving a comment below.. « Best Custom ROMs for Sony Xperia Z5 Premium » How to Root Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920F on Android 7.0 with CF-Auto-Root. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Notify me of follow-up comments by email.. Notify me of new posts by email.. All content is the property of its rightful owner.. About Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy. 
Pakistan Android | Mobile Apps Games Tech News SEO Earn. Net Neutrality principles not relevant for Internet Access. Lenovo 1 Million 4G Smart phones Sale in India. LG G2 D802 Lollipop 5.0.2 Upgrade in Finland – Suomi. YU Yunique 2 Price in Pakistan. Panasonic P55 Max Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 vivo X9s Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 vivo X9s Plus Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 vivo Y53 Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 ZTE nubia M2 lite Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017 ZTE nubia N2 Price in Pakistan August 5, 2017. LG G Pad IV 8.0 FHD Price in Pakistan. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7 Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 Pro Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Tab3 8 Plus Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Tab 4 8 Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Tab 4 8 Plus Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Lenovo Tab 4 10 Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017. LG Watch Style Price in Pakistan. LG Watch Sport Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Samsung Gear S3 classic LTE Price in Pakistan May 30, 2017 Samsung Gear S3 classic Price in Pakistan January 6, 2017 Samsung Gear S3 frontier Price in Pakistan January 6, 2017 Samsung Gear S3 frontier LTE Price in Pakistan January 6, 2017 LG Watch Urbane 2 LTE Price in Pakistan June 25, 2016. Unlock Android Phone Using Proximity Sensor. How to Open Youtube in Pakistan on Android Mobile. Latest cricket Score News Videos Highlights Streams. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Price in Pakistan. Home » Mobile » Xiaomi » Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Price in Pakistan. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) was released dated – 2015, November. Lets take a look at Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Price in Pakistan with detailed review and specification. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Core Features Review. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) has been officially released on 2015, November. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) is 4G LTE based Android smartphone providing LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500) bands. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Supported legacy GSM networks bands are : GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900 – SIM 1 & SIM 2. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Supported 3G networks bands are : HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) supports basic GSM / HSPA / LTE technology. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) supports EDGE data modes -> Yes. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) supports GPRS data modes like Yes. In terms of Dimension it has 150 x 76 x 8.7 mm (5.91 x 2.99 x 0.34 in) size. Total weight is 164 g (5.78 oz). SIM Type is Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by). Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) comes with 5.5 inches (~72.4% screen-to-body ratio) IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors providing a total of 1080 x 1920 pixels (~403 ppi pixel density). Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) MultiTouch support : Yes. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) runs Android OS, v5.0.2 (Lollipop) on the top of Mediatek MT6795 Helio X10 chipset and powerful Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53 CPU. For fluid visual experience it has a powerful PowerVR G6200 GPU. This device comes up with Internal Memory and RAM of 16 GB, 2 GB RAM32 GB, 3 GB RAM respectively. Primary Camera or Rare/Back Camera is at 13 MP, f/2.2, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash, check quality with Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama and video recording capability of 1080p@30fps, check quality. Secondary or Front Camera is at 5 MP, f/2.0, 1080p. For headphones 3.55 mm Jack : Yes. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) WLAN is based on Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. Bluetooth Module version and supported profiles are v4.1, A2DP, LE respectively. GPS Module features are : Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS. Radio Status : Stereo FM radio; recording. USB Status : microUSB v2.0, USB On-The-Go. Has infra red port for controlling IR devices such as TV, fridge etc. Sensors such as Fingerprint, accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass are integrated in the device. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) has Non-removable Li-Po 4000 mAh battery. Total Stand-by Time is Up to 264 h (3G). Available in Silver, Gray, Gold Colors. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Specification. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). 150 x 76 x 8.7 mm (5.91 x 2.99 x 0.34 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 1080 x 1920 pixels (~403 ppi pixel density). 16 GB, 2 GB RAM32 GB, 3 GB RAM. 13 MP, f/2.2, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash, check quality. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. Voice 66dB / Noise 66dB / Ring 75dB. – Audio formats: MIDI, MP3, AAC, WMA, WAV. – Picture formats: GIF, PNG, BMP,WBMP, JPEG, MPEG4 Video, WMV. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. – Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Hands On. [su_box title=”Irmation” style=”glass” box_color=”#60b2d9″]Cannot see below video? Look like you need to Unblock YouTube on PC or Unblock YouTube on Android Device .[/su_box]. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Price in Pakistan and selected countries. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 (MediaTek) Price in Pakistan. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (China) Price in Pakistan. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Price in Pakistan. LG G Pad IV 8.0 FHD Price in Pakistan. YU Yunique 2 Price in Pakistan. Panasonic P55 Max Price in Pakistan. vivo X9s Plus Price in Pakistan. October 19, 2014 5. LG G Watch R Urbane LTE Price in Pakistan with Review. April 3, 2015 4. February 8, 2015 4. How to Unblock or Open YouTube in Pakistan. October 18, 2014 3. Huawei Honor 6 Plus price in Pakistan with Review. December 27, 2014 3. HTC Butterfly 3 Price in Pakistan. Sony Xperia Z3+ Price in Pakistan with Review and Specs. 
TWRP comes to the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek), LG L90, and Android One 3rd Edition (General Mobile 5 Plus). 2016/06/29 6:13am PST Jun 29, 2016. Development LG News Redmi Note 3. Source: TWRP Redmi Note 3 MTK , TWRP LG L90 , TWRP Android One Third Edition. Midrange devices are really the perfect target for something like TWRP. they usually suffer from intolerably bloated interfaces and/or get updates way too late or not at all. A custom recovery is the starting point from which any enterprising user can start flashing mods and custom ROMs onto their device to get over any of the previously mentioned hurdles.. And so it's nice to see TWRP come to 3 Android phones that count somewhere in the midrange category. The first is the MediaTek version of the Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (the Snapdragon version got TWRP a couple of months ago ). The second is the LG L90, the upper device in LG's midrange L series. And the third is a group of devices: Android One 3rd Edition phones. However, until today, the General Mobile 5 Plus from Turkey. is the only 3rd generation One. TWRP's pages for each device, which are linked below, detail the different install methods and provide the download links necessary to get TWRP. Start there and be careful to read through everything. Recoveries and flashing aren't for the faint of heart.. Tags Android One custom recovery General Mobile 5 Plus LG L90 mediatek Redmi Note 3 MTK teamwin TWRP. SanDisk launches two new 256GB MicroSDXC cards with transfer speeds up to 100MB/s. Amazon is now selling unlocked phones at a discount in exchange for giving you bloatware and ads. [Update: APK now available] Google releases Assistant Go app on the Play Store. 2018/02/06 4:45am PST Feb 6, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google's Calculator app hits 100 million downloads on the Play Store. 2018/01/31 9:34pm PST Jan 31, 2018. The XIAOMI Redmi 3 has HD display, 2GB RAM and 13MP camera, it is all the same with latest released Bluboo Maya, but Maya's price is much lower, it only needs $69.99. If price is concerned, which will you choose?. Good update support, plenty of users around the world.. [Deal Alert] Nest Cam Outdoor two-pack is just $248.38 ($99.62 off) on Amazon. 2018/02/25 7:32pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Sony Xperia XZ1 is down to $495 ($205 off) on Amazon. 2018/02/25 7:16pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Best Buy will knock $100 off Galaxy S9/S9+ pre-orders on Friday, March 2nd only. 2018/02/25 6:37pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Refurbished JBL Everest Elite 700 noise-canceling Bluetooth headphones are $119.99 on Woot. 2018/02/25 2:54pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Prime Exclusive LG Q6 is $159.99 ($90 off) today only on Amazon. 2018/02/25 11:14am PST Feb 25, 2018. Are you using a custom launcher on your phone?. Yes, I currently am using a custom launcher. I have used one in the past, but not currently. No, and I have never used a custom launcher.. Wacom Bamboo Tip review: A pricey fine-tip stylus that works on all touchscreens. 2018/02/23 6:08am PST Feb 23, 2018. Netatmo Welcome review: A near perfect no-hidden-fees indoor security camera with face recognition. 2018/02/22 5:39am PST Feb 22, 2018. Moto Tab review: Look elsewhere for your tablet needs. 2018/02/20 7:33am PST Feb 20, 2018. JBL Link smart speakers review: Offering several great alternatives to the Google Home. 2018/02/17 5:30am PST Feb 17, 2018. Microsoft's Photos Companion is a neat utility for transferring images from Android to your PC (Hands-on). 2018/02/15 4:06am PST Feb 15, 2018. 21 new and notable Android Wear watch faces from the last 3 months (11/11/17 - 2/22/18). 2018/02/24 9:59am PST Feb 24, 2018. 13 new and notable Android games from the last week (2/14/18 - 2/20/18). 2018/02/20 11:20am PST Feb 20, 2018. 14 new and notable Android apps from the last week (2/13/18 - 2/19/18). 2018/02/19 10:21am PST Feb 19, 2018. 18 new and notable Android games from the last week (2/7/18 - 2/13/18). 2018/02/13 11:33am PST Feb 13, 2018. 14 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (2/6/18 - 2/12/18). 2018/02/12 11:39am PST Feb 12, 2018. Samsung SmartThings app overhaul coming in March. 2018/02/25 2:26pm PST Feb 25, 2018. YouTube for Android TV adds manual resolution selection, starts rolling an updated interface. 2018/02/25 3:11am PST Feb 25, 2018. Google app beta's screenshot editing and sharing popup is now working in other apps as well for some. 2018/02/24 10:27pm PST Feb 24, 2018. Here are 39 temporarily free and 45 on-sale apps for your Saturday. 2018/02/24 10:26am PST Feb 24, 2018. 21 new and notable Android Wear watch faces from the last 3 months (11/11/17 - 2/22/18). 2018/02/24 9:59am PST Feb 24, 2018. [Deal Alert] Save $35 when you buy a Google Home and Chromecast or Chromecast Audio. 2017/02/26 1:35am PST Feb 26, 2017. [Deal Alert] Nexus 5X 16GB Drops To Its Lowest Price Yet, Grab One For Just $269.99 On eBay. 2016/02/26 10:31am PST Feb 26, 2016. Sprint Galaxy S6 And Galaxy S6 Edge Promotion Leaked Ahead Of MWC Announcement. 2015/02/26 9:17pm PST Feb 26, 2015. PSA: Google Wallet 'Tap And Pay' Functionality Appears To Be Working On Most KitKat Updates For Devices On Isis Carriers. 2014/02/26 3:09pm PST Feb 26, 2014. Adobe Releases Photoshop Touch For Phones, Pisses Off Tablet Users By Making It A Separate $5 App. 2013/02/26 9:27pm PST Feb 26, 2013. [MWC 2012] Samsung Announces Galaxy S WiFi 4.2, For The Android Lovers Who Don't Need A Phone. 2012/02/26 11:58pm PST Feb 26, 2012. Public Beta Of FullHDMI Released, Lets You Mirror Your EVO's Screen On Your HDTV. 2011/02/26 5:51pm PST Feb 26, 2011. Hands on with the Nokia 1, Nokia 6 (2018), Nokia 7 Plus, and Nokia 8 Sirocco. 2018/02/25 7:33am PST Feb 25, 2018. Chrome OS may soon be able to run Linux applications in a container. 2018/02/25 10:00am PST Feb 25, 2018. Galaxy S9 and S9+ US pre-orders, pricing, release date, and more. 2018/02/25 8:59am PST Feb 25, 2018. Samsung's Galaxy S9 is official: Fingerprint sensor finally in the right place. 2018/02/25 8:59am PST Feb 25, 2018. Nokia smartphones will be Android One devices going forward. 2018/02/25 7:27am PST Feb 25, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. [Update: Now official, more devices supported] Google releasing ARCore 1.0 at MWC, but it seems to be rolling out early. 2018/02/23 8:26am PST Feb 23, 2018. [Update x2: Rollout resumed] Samsung halts Android 8.0 Oreo rollout to Galaxy S8 and S8+. 2018/02/22 3:55pm PST Feb 22, 2018. Hands-on: Google's 'Reply' gives other apps concise Smart Replies - when it isn't throwing shade. 2018/02/20 2:41pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google Home v1.27 includes several cosmetic changes and shortcuts, smaller APK, and hints at new devices and reversible controls [APK Teardown]. 2018/02/20 12:33pm PST Feb 20, 2018. [Update: APK now available] Google releases Assistant Go app on the Play Store. 2018/02/06 4:45am PST Feb 6, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google's Calculator app hits 100 million downloads on the Play Store. 2018/01/31 9:34pm PST Jan 31, 2018. [Update: Now official, more devices supported] Google releasing ARCore 1.0 at MWC, but it seems to be rolling out early. 2018/02/23 8:26am PST Feb 23, 2018. LG settles bootloop lawsuit: Members get $425 in cash or a $700 LG phone rebate [Update: Only for plaintiffs of the initial case]. 2018/01/31 2:09pm PST Jan 31, 2018. Notice a bug? Let us know here. 115 queries | 0.326s | nexus2. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2018. 
Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) specs & features, price in Pakistan. Xiaomi Mobiles Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) specs & features, rate in Pakistan 2018. Release Date: 2015, November Views: 3802. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) features includes Dual Sim, Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop) smartphone Octa-core, 16 GB, 2 GB RAM, 2G, 3G, 4G, 2015, November, Features 1920 x 1080, Touchscreen, 13 MP camera, 5 MP, 1080p front camera, bluetooth, usb, gprs, infrared, edge, wlan, Fingerprint, accelerometer, gyro, proxim. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Price in Pakistan. Sell Used Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek). Buy Used Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek). 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. Dual Sim, 4G GSM / HSDPA / LTE. Android OS, v5.1 (Lollipop), 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. 13 MP + 5 MP, 1080p. Xiaomi sets price < 5000 Rs. Xiaomi sets price 5000 to 10000 Rs. Xiaomi sets price 10000 to 15000 Rs. Xiaomi sets price 15000 to 25000 Rs. Xiaomi sets price 25000 to 35000 Rs. Xiaomi sets price 35000 to 45000 Rs. Xiaomi sets price > 45000 Rs.. Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Price in Pakistan. Market Retail price without discount Rs. - Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) best price in Pakistan is Rs. 20000 Pakistani Rupees (PKR). - One can buy Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) pin pack from the best online stores or local shops, whichever offering cheapest price.. - Always confirm mobile specs, features, warranty, shipping cost and delivery time from the seller before you pay for Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) .. - Some online stores sell used and refurbished models as well, so check Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) details from the seller before ordering.. - We do not sell any mobile phone but help you to buy best mobile at cheapest price.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Specifications. What mobile / Which Mobile? If Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) specs are not as per your requirements? Find your desired mobile by selecting right features, price, specs using our advance mobile search facility.. Compare Compare Microsoft Lumia 540 with any other mobile and see What mobile has better specs and prices and suits you more.. Feedback In case of any mistake in Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) prices, photos, specs, please help us using our contact us page.. Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Accessories, model specs, features, themes, ringtones, wallpapers. Post comments about Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek). GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100, TD-SCDMA. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). Yes, 2 Sims Dual Sim Mobiles. 150 x 76 x 8.7 mm (5.91 x 2.99 x 0.34 in). 32 GB, 3 GB RAM Mobile with Memory Card. SMS, MMS, Email, Instant Messaging (IM), Push Mail. HTML, Internet Mobile Phones. Xvid/MP4/H.265 player, MP3/WAV/eAAC+/Flac player, Photo/video editor. FM Radio, MP3 Player, Games, Video Calling, Video Editor, Photo editor Mobiles with FM Radio Gaming Mobiles. GPS, Yes, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS, Fast battery charging, Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic, Document viewer. v4.1, A2DP, LE Bluetooth Mobiles. microUSB v2.0, USB On-The-Go USB Mobiles. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot WLAN Mobiles. (~72.4% screen-to-body ratio), (~403 ppi pixel density), MIUI 7.0. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, Yes, Multitouch. 13 MP, 4128 x 3096 pix 13 MP Mobiles , Camera Mobiles. phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash, Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, HDR, panorama, Video, 1080p@30fps. Disclaimer: Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) price in Pakistan is updated daily from price list provided by local shops but we cannot guarantee that the above information / price of Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) is 100% accurate (Human error is possible). For accurate rate of Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) in Pakistan visit your local shop.. Each genuine opinion / comment means more chances to win free mobile in lucky draw.. Reply to post / answer to question. Abbotabad Abdul hakim Adda jahan khan Adda shaiwala Akhora khattak Ali chak Allahabad Amangarh Arif wala Arifwala Attock Babri banda Badin Bahawalnagar Bahawalpur Balakot Bannu Barbar loi Barbar loi Baroute Bat khela Bhai pheru Bhakkar Bhalwal Bhan saeedabad Bhera Bhimbar Bhirya road Bhuawana Blitang Buchay key Burewala Chacklala Chacklala Chaininda Chak 4 b c Chak 46 Chak jamal Chak jhumra Chak sawara Chak sheza Chakwal Charsada Chashma Chawinda Chicha watni Chiniot Chishtian Chitral Chohar jamali Choppar hatta Chowha saidan shah Chowk azam Chowk mailta Chowk munda Chunian Dadakhel Dadu Daharki Dandot Dargai Darya khan Daska Daud khel Daulat pur Daur Deh pathaan Depal pur Dera ghazi khan Dera ismail khan Dera murad jamali Dera nawab sahib Dhatmal Dhoun kal Digri Dijkot Dina Dinga Doaaba Doltala Domeli Dudial Dunyapur Eminabad Estate l.m factory Faisalabad Farooqabad Fateh pur Feroz walla Feroz watan Feteh jhang Fiza got Gadoon amazai Gaggo mandi Gakhar mandi Gambet Garh maharaja Garh more Gari habibullah Gari mori Gawadar Gharo Ghazi Ghotki Gilgit Gohar ghoushti Gojar khan Gojra Goular khel Guddu Gujjar khan Gujranwala Gujrat Hafizabad Hala Hangu Hari pur Hariwala Haroonabad Hasilpur Hassan abdal Hattar Hattian lawrencepur Haveli lakha Havelian Hayatabad Hazro Head marala Hub inds estate Hyderabad Issa khel Jaccobabad Jaja abasian Jalal pur jatan Jalal pur priwala Jampur Jamrud road Jamshoro Jan pur Jandanwala Jaranwala Jauharabad Jehangira Jehanian Jehlum Jhal Magsi Jhand Jhang Jhatta bhutta Jhelum Jhudo Joharabad Kabir wala Kacha khooh Kahuta Kakul Kakur town Kala bagh Kala shah kaku Kalar syedian Kalaswala Kallur kot Kamalia Kamalia musa Kamber ali khan Kamokey Kamra Kandh kot Kandiaro Karak Karoor pacca Karore lalisan Kashmir Kashmore Kasur Kazi ahmed Khair pur Khair pur mir Khairpur nathan shah Khan qah sharif Khanbel Khandabad Khanewal Khangarh Khanqah dogran Khanqah sharif Kharian Khewra Khoski Khurian wala Khushab Khushal kot Khuzdar Kohat Kot addu Kot bunglow Kot ghulam mohd Kot mithan Kot radha kishan Kotla Kotla arab ali khan Kotla jam Kotla patdan Kotli loharan Kotri Kumbh Kundina Kunjah Kunri Laki marwat Lala musa Lala rukh Laliah Lalshanra Larkana Lasbella Lawrence pur Layyah Liaquat pur Lodhran Ludhan Machi goth Madina Mailsi Makli Malakwal Mamu kunjan Mandi bahauddin Mandra Manga mandi Mangal sada Mangi Mangla Mangowal Manoabad Manshera Mardan Mari indus Mastoi Matiari Matli Mehar Mehmood kot Mehrab pur Mian chunnu Mian Walli Mingora Mir ali Miran shah Mirpur Mirpur khas Mirpur mathelo Mohen jo daro More kunda Morgah Moro Mubarik pur Multan Muridkay Murree Musafir khana Mustung Muzaffarabad Muzaffargarh Nankana sahib Narang mandi Narowal Naseerabad Naudero Naukot Naukundi Nawab shah New saeedabad Nilore Noor kot Noorpur nooranga Nowshera Nowshera cantt Nowshero peroz Okara Other Padidan Pak china fertilizer Pak pattan sharif Panjan kisan Panjgoor Pannu aqil Pasni Pasroor Patoki Peshawar Phagwar Phalia Phool nagar Piaro goth Pindi bhohri Pindi dadan khan Pindi gheb Pir mahal Pishin Qalandarabad Qasba gujrat Qazi ahmed Quaidabad Quetta Rabwah Rahimyar khan Rahwali Raiwand Rajana Rajanpur Rangoo Ranipur Ratto dero Rawala kot Rawalpindi Rawat Renala khurd Risalpur Rohri Sadiqabad Sagri Sahiwal Saidu sharif Sajawal Sakrand Samanabad Sambrial Samma satta Samundri Sanghar Sanghi Sangla hill Sangote Sanjwal Sara e alamgir Sara e naurang Sargodha Satyana bangla Sehar baqlas Serai alamgir Shadiwal Shah kot Shahdad kot Shahdad pur Shahpur chakar Shaikhupura Shamsabad Shankiari Shedani sharif Sheikhupura Shemier Shikar pur Shorkot Shujabad Sialkot Sibi Sihala Sikandarabad Silanwala Sita road Skardu Sohawa district daska Sohawa district jelum Sukkur Swabi Swatmingora Takhtbai Talagang Talamba Talhur Tando adam Tando allahyar Tando jam Tando mohd khan Tank Tarbela Tarmatan Taunsa sharif Taxila Tharo shah Thatta Theing jattan more Thull Tibba sultanpur Tobatek singh Topi Toru Trinda mohd pannah Turbat Ubaro Ugoki Ukba Umar kot Upper deval Usta mohammad Vehari Village Sunder Wah cantt Wahi hassain Wan radha ram Warah Warburton Wazirabad Yazman mandi Zahir pir. Question: What is capital of Pakistan? *. (Answer can be from islamabad | lahore ). Spam comments will not be approved at all.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) Reviews & User Opinions. Get a Free Mobile by posting Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (MediaTek) review. Redmi Note 5 Pro |. Redmi Note 5 Redmi 5 Plus |. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Redmi 5 Plus. Abdul Aleem February 25, 2018. Ritik Nonia February 25, 2018. Rates in spice mobile m900 tv projector online home delivery. shahid February 25, 2018. Hassan Ali February 25, 2018. I like this samsung galaxy j7 max. Abdul wahab February 24, 2018. azizullah February 24, 2018. kashif February 24, 2018. i want to buy htc 10 life style. ashar February 23, 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Reviews. Or kitnay waqt main mujy mil sakta hy .or kis tareeqy. Najeeb ullah February 22, 2018. mere pass Alcatel A3 hy sel krna hy anyone need than contact me.. Asad Ali February 22, 2018. © 2008-2018 mobile-phone.pk PKR mobile prices in Pakistan Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, India. 
Press question mark to see available shortcut keys. Tutorial Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek. 4,862 followers - 67 posts - Public. Tutorial Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek. Hingga saat ini kamu masih berburu Rom global berbahasa Indonesia untuk Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek? Semoga pencarian kamu terhenti di sini, Biar ga semakin penasaran, Langsung simak saja tutorial cara install HM_Project berikut.. Adakah Custom Rom Miui 8 Berbahasa Indonesia untuk Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek Sekelas Miui PRO? Ada Kok: HM_Project. Helmi Haliansyah : Min kalo Xiaomi redmi note 4X Snapdragon 625 kalo upgrade versi 8.5.4.0 apakah aman min 4G nya ?. Muslimah Aja : emang berjam-jam ya Gan loading masuknya,. Tutorial Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek. ​Wahai para pengguna Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek Hennesy, hingga saat ini masih betahkah menggunakan rom china stable maupun rom versi developernya? Okey buat kamu pengguna Redmi Note 3 versi Mediatek, saat ini admin akan bagikan sebuah custom rom Miui 8 global yang di dalam rom global ini selain ada kedua fitur tadi juga sudah ada xposed framework beserta root superSU. Penasaran bagaimana cara installnya? check this out!. Ada Rom Global Miui 8 Berbahasa Indonesia di Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek? Kenapa Tidak! Ini Tutorial Cara Installnya. Muhammad Fachry : Min, pernah coba jadikan Android Message sebagai default app pesan ga? Saya coba install di Redmi 3s ROM Global Dev dan jadikan default berhasil, tapi aplikasi ga bekerja. Tidak bisa menampilkan pesan yang lama. Tiap ada sms masuk tetap masuk di app pesan bawaan Xiaomi. Tutorial Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek. Apa itu engineering mode? Apa jadinya jika menu sakral ini malah hilang bin lenyap dari Smartphone Xiaomi? Lantas bagaimana cara memunculkannya kembali? Melalui tutorial ini admin akan kasih tips singkatnya, simak berikut ini.. Dicari Hingga Ke Ujung Dunia Pun: Engineering Mode di Smartphone Xiaomi Kamu Hilang? Ini Tutorial Cara Mengembalikannya. Tutorial Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek. Smartphone xiaomi kamu tidak ada rom miui 8 versi globalnya? Walhasil tidak bisa menggunakan bahasa Indonesia? btw.. Pernahkah kamu kepikiran untuk membuat rom global sendiri? Selengkapnya bisa kamu baca dan tonton videonya berikut ini.. Pernahkah Kamu Kepikiran untuk Membuat Rom Miui 8 Global Versi Kamu Sendiri? Jika Iya: Silahkan Simak Tutorial Cara Membuatnya Berikut Ini!. Miuitutorial Indonesia (Admin MIUI Tutorial) : + ilmi hazny note 3 mtk bkannya aman dari prtauran TKDN gan?. Rifky Wirawan : kalo yang reno 3 mtk berarti tinggal update biasa aja gan kalo dari miui 7 ke miui 8 global, gak perlu ubl ? yang saya bingung 4gnya kalo di mtk miui 8 apa bisa berjalan dengan normal apa harus pakai jamu fix + twrp ?. Miuitutorial Indonesia (Admin MIUI Tutorial) : Iya, langsung aja gan. Hennessy aman kok dr issue 4g.. Tutorial Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek. Sudah berapa lama kamu menunggu official Global rom untuk Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek namun tak kunjung datang juga hingga saat ini? kali ini admin akan bagikan rom global miui 8 khusus untuk si-Hennessy, yang pasti sudah ada Bahasa Indonesianya. Selengkapnya bisa kamu simak berikut ini.. Kapan Lagi Coba Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek Dapat Global Rom Bahasa Indonesia? Di Sini Tempatnya Miuitutorial.com. andik Banyuurip :  Min. Di reno3 mtk sya jga g fungsi fingerprint nya. Juga g ada pembaruan miuinya min. Miuitutorial Indonesia (Admin MIUI Tutorial) : + andik Banyuurip spink 2v udah lama keknya dihentikan pengmabngannya gan. coba cutom rom lain sperti miui pro d mari miuitutorial.com - Sedang Mencari Custom Rom MiuiPRO Lengkap untuk Smartphone Xiaomi Kamu? Semuanya Ada di Miuitutorial.com. Tutorial Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek. Sudah mencoba berbagai cara namun hanya tetap sama saja? IMEI di smartphone Xiaomi MIUI Mediatek kamu hilang? Coba tutorial cara fix IMEI via chamelephon ini khusus untuk smartphone xiaomi yang menggunakan prosesor Mediatek seperti Redmi Note 3G WCDMA, Redmi Note 2/Prime, Redmi Note 3 MTK, Redmi PRO, Redmi Note 4 MTK.. Gagal Mengembalikan IMEI Hilang di Smartphone Xiaomi Mediatek? Selamatkan via Tutuorial Chamelephon Mudah Berikut Ini. And War : Bagaimana cara perbaiki hp Xiaomi redmi 3S yg terkadang terang dan gelap. Mohon bantuannya min karna ini sangat mengganggu. sukardi tatan : Minta solusi redmi 2 prime SOD.. Yuli Yuli : Cara Mengembalikan IMei hp Zenfone 6 gimana iya. Tutorial Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek. Bagaimana kalau root, Xposed, Multi bahasa, animasi ios, soudmod, custom TWRP dan berbagai macam mod menjadi 1 di sebuah custom rom yang dirancang khusus untuk Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek? Check this out!. Adakah Root+Xposed+MaxxAduio Jadi 1? Custom Rom EU SuperMOD Spesial untuk Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek + Tutorial Cara Install. Maman Abdullah : makasih gan spertinya terkunci lagi. Miuitutorial Indonesia (Admin MIUI Tutorial) : sama2 gan. coba d unlock lagi aja pakai mi unlock. Maman Abdullah : gagal di 50%. Tutorial Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek. Baru saja kamu update rom global Miui 7 ke Miui 8 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek dan sedang kebingungan mencari tutorial root nya? wow.. Mungkin ini hari keberuntungan kamu, pasalnya admin miuitutorial.com akan membagikan tutorial root xiaomi redmi note 3 mediatek di rom MIUI 8 global. Kamu Sedang Kesulitan Root Miui 8 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek Global Rom? Coba Dulu Tutorial Ini! Baru Bilang Sulit. Alif Abjad : Maaf gan kok ane gk bisa download file update.zip nya yaa. Ane kesusahan ngeroot note 3 ane. muhammad rafi : Gan iyaaa ane juga gak bisa download apk rootnya. Fendi Asrivin : min mohon pencerahannya. reno 3 saya pernah masuk konter. skrng miui jd versi sphinX v2b- Stable, mau update miui 8 tidak bisa. Pak Admin tolong saya diberi tau cara supaya bisa update ke miui 8. karena saya masih awam tolong dijelaskan tahapan-tahapannya sampai sukses update miui 8. Tutorial Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek. Niat awal kamu hanya ingin flashing rom Xiaomi Redmi note 3 Mediatek tapi kok malah jadi mati total? boro-boro hidup, lampu notifikasinya saja tidak menyala. Mungkin tutorial cara membangkitkan redmi note 3 MTK dari mati suri ini yang sedang kamu cari.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 MTK Kamu Mati Sendiri Setelah Flashing Rom? Ini Tutorial Cara Edotenseinya. Fendi Asrivin : ada pc windows 7 32 bit mas + Herculeos Alay. Herculeos Alay : Sebenernya lebih kompatibel 64 bit tapi di coba saja + Fendi Asrivin ​ Nih link nya dari agan + Adi Hidayat ​​ miuitutorial.com - 2x Admin Sukses Unlock Bootloader Xioami Redmi Note 3 Pro dan MTK: Apa Rahasianya?! Baca Tutorial Lengkap Ini Tutorial ini pasti fix asal ikuti dgn benar,kalo perlu flash ulang ganti Rom nya sesuai Tutorial ini. Fendi Asrivin : min, lagi galau lagi ni. note 3 mtk saya bootlop gara2 salah flasing,yang seharusnya pakai "download only" tapi saya flas pakai "format all + download" hp langsung mati, dicas lampu indikatorpun g nyala. saya flasing pakai download only sukse tp tetep g mau nyala. solusinya min...! + Adi Hidayat + Herculeos Alay. Tutorial Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek. Akhirnya yang sudah lama ditunggu muncul juga, Yup siapa lagi kalau bukan rom global untuk xiaomi redmi note 3 versi mediatek. Persiapkan smartphone redmi note 3 MTK kamu sekarang dan ikuti tutorialnya di miuitutorial.com. Locked bootloader dan unlock bootloader semua bisa!. Benarkah Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Mediatek Sudah Ada Rom Global Bahasa Indonesianya? Benar Sekali: Ini Tutorial Cara Installnya. Muhamad Rizqi : Enggk gan, pas nyala biasa aja, makanya hp dimatiin soapnya sering kepencet2 gitu. Miuitutorial Indonesia (Admin MIUI Tutorial) : sdh pernh update ke rom trbru gan? klo msih jga brrti di HW nya yg kena dan hrus ganti Tocuhscreen. Alfani Darma Putra : gan hp sya reno 3 mtk sya pindah rom ke global stabil 7.5 kok fingerprint sya jadi tidak berfungsi ???. Looks like you've reached the end. Looks like this collection is empty. Wait while more posts are being loaded. 
نام کاربری و کلمه عبور خود را وارد نمایید. $ قیمت گوشی های موبایل. $ قیمت تبلت ها. درج آگهی رایگان فروش سیم کارت. خرید و فروش گوشی و تبلت. درج آگهی رایگان فروش سیم کارت. کلمه عبور خود را فراموش کرده‌اید؟. مشخصات گوشی موبایل شائومی Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek). مقایسه با سایر گوشی ها و تبلت ها. شائومی Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek). ارزیابی شما با موفقیت ذخیره گشت و پس از مدت کوتاهی منعکس خواهد شد. شما پیش از این رای داده بودید.. مشخصات عمومی شائومی Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek). شبکه 2G GSM 900 / 1800 / 1900 - سیم کارت 1 & سیم کارت 2. شبکه 3G HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. شبکه 4G LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). سیم کارت دو سیم کارته (میکرو سیم کارت, Dual Standby). بدنه شائومی Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek). صفحه نمایش شائومی Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek). نوع صفحه نمایش لمسی خازنی IPS LCD, با 16 میلیون رنگ. اندازه 5.5 اینچ (نسبت سطح صفحه نمایش به بدنه در حدود 72.4 درصد). وضوح 1080x1920 پیکسل (در حدود 403 پیکسل در هر اینچ). زنگ شائومی Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek). انواع زنگ ویبریشن; MP3, WAV زنگ. حافظه شائومی Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek). داخل دستگاه 16 گیگابایت, 2 گیگابایت RAM32 گیگابایت, 3 گیگابایت RAM. امکانات ارتباطی شائومی Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek). شبکه بی سیم Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. دوربین شائومی Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek). اصلی 13 مگاپیکسل, f/2.2, فوکوس خودکار مبتنی بر تشخیص فاز, dual-LED (dual tone) فلش. دیگر امکانات ثبت اطلاعات مکانی (geo-tagging), فوکوس لمسی (touch focus), تشخیص صورت و لبخند, تصویربرداری HDR, پانوراما. فیلم برداری فیلم برداری 1080p با سرعت 30 فریم در ثانیه. دیگر امکانات شائومی Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek). OS سیستم عامل اندروید, v5.0.2 (لالی پاپ). Chipset Mediatek MTتا 6795 ساعتelio X10. موقعیت یاب (GPS) دارد, with A-GPS, GLONASS, BDS. حسگرها Fingerprint, شتاب سنج, ژیروسکوپ, حسگر مجاورتی, قطب نما. پیغام رسانی SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. باطری شائومی Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek). زمان آماده باش تا 264 ساعت (3G). زمان پخش موسیقی تا 60 ساعت. سایر موارد شائومی Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek). خواهشمند است در صورتی که تجربه کار با گوشی موبایل Redmi Note 3 (Mediatek) شائومی را دارید تجربیات خود را در. بخش نظرات این گوشی موبایل با کاربران دیگر به اشتراک بگذارید.. اگر به دنبال خرید این گوشی موبایل هستید برای یافتن فروشندگان و مشاهده قیمت آن در بازار به بخش. فروشندگان و قیمت گوشی موبایل شائومی ردمی نوت 3. نظرات کاربران گوشی موبایل شائومی ردمی نوت 3. می توانید از تجربه و اطلاعات دیگران در مورد این گوشی موبایل بهره مند شده و. یا دانسته های خود را با دیگران به اشتراک گذارید.. تصاویر گوشی موبایل شائومی ردمی نوت 3. شما را با شکل ظاهری این گوشی موبایل آشنا می سازد.. برای فروش گوشی موبایل شائومی ردمی نوت 3 خود می توانید به. MWC 2018 : معرفی سامسونگ گلکسی S9 و +S9. MWC 2018 : معرفی نوکیا 8110، نوکیا 1، نوکیا 7 پلاس و نوکیا 8 سیروکو. MWC 2018 : رونمائی از LG V30S ThinQ و V30S+ ThinQ مجهز به هوش مصنوعی. MWC 2018 : رونمائی از آلکاتل 1X، سری آلکاتل 3 و آلکاتل 5. معرفی CAT S61، مقاوم‌ترین گوشی کاترپیلار – مرز بین اسمارت‌فون و ابزار، باریک می‌شود. معرفی WCN3998- تراشه وای‌فای جدید کوالکام با بهره‌گیری از استاندارد 802.11ax. رونمایی کوالکام از طرح مرجع هدست واقعیت مجازی بر مبنای Snapdragon 845. تمام مطالب سايت مرجع موبایل ایران (mobile.ir) تحت قانون حقوق مولفين است. استفاده از محتویات این سایت تنها با ذکر منبع و درج لینک مجاز است. سايت mobile.ir هيچ مسئوليتي را در قبال آگهي‌هاي درج شده در سايت نمي‌پذيرد و از كاربران گرامي تقاضا دارد نهايت دقت را در انتخاب و استفاده از آگهي موردنظر مبذول فرمايند.. مقایسه گوشی های موبایل |. سیم کارت های فروشی |. تصاویر پس زمینه موبایل |. لطفا نام کاربری و کلمه عبور خود را وارد نمایید:. کلمه عبور خود را فراموش کرده‌اید؟. 
