Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles Reviews. 3.5 out of 5 stars. Xolo Black Review: Back in Black. Ali Pardiwala , 17 July 2015. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. Competition in the budget smartphone market is heating up quicker than an overclocked processor in a frying pan. The most excitement is happening in the sub-Rs. Brands such as Xiaomi , Motorola , Yu Televentures, Micromax and a handful of small-name upstarts are battling furiously for your money. Not one to be left out, Lava Mobiles' premium brand Xolo is making its presence felt with the Rs. As the name suggests, it is only available in one colour, and there are no prizes for guessing which. It's well specified, has some quirky features such as dual cameras and a front flash, and tries very hard to scream 'premium'. But the market is a cutthroat and unpredictable place, so Xolo has its work cut out for it. We find out if it has what it takes in our review.. Look and feel The Xolo Black bears an uncanny resemblance to the Sony Xperia Z3 ( Review | Pictures ), thanks to its curved edges and matte-finished metal frame. Where most of the competition (including the similarly priced Xiaomi Mi4i ) uses polycarbonate as the material for the body, the Xolo Black uses glass. Both the front and back panels are toughened Corning Gorilla Glass, which should help in keeping them scratch-free. They're also incredibly reflective and are grime magnets, so you'll find that you need to wipe the phone clean quite often.. The 5.5-inch full-HD screen makes up a little over 69 percent of the front of the Xolo Black, with narrow side bezels and a bit more space on the top and bottom. There are off-screen soft keys below the screen, which we feel are too small and too widely spaced. These stay dark by default until pressed. This makes them a bit tricky to use, and we often found ourselves tapping on dead space. The front camera and its dedicated flash are in the two top corners of the front, while the earpiece occupies a small portion of the top-middle.. The back of the device has the Xolo and Hive branding, along with the dual-camera setup. The two lenses are placed symmetrically on either side of the rear flash. The metallic edge wraps around the device smoothly, with the charging port and speakers at the bottom, and the 3.5mm headset socket at the top.. The SIM tray is on the left and holds both SIM cards, while the power and volume buttons are on the right. An annoying trend that we've been seeing now finds its way to the Xolo Black: the second SIM slot doubles up as the microSD card card slot, which means you have to choose between dual-SIM functionality and more storage. We don't believe there is any good reason that anyone should be forced to make that choice.. The power button doubles up as a status light, which we found a bit strange. This means that you can't see that you have new notifications unless the Xolo Black is facing you at a specific angle, which somewhat defeats the purpose of having the light. A traditional notification light at the front of the device would have made much more sense.. On the whole, it's a well built and smartphone that stands out next to its competition and feels more premium than its price tag of Rs. Specifications and Software The Xolo Black uses the extremely popular Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 (2nd Gen) SoC, which means it supports 4G. Fortunately, it is compatible with band 40, so the phone can be used for 4G services from Indian operators. The 5.5-inch display has a full-HD resolution, with a pixels-per-inch count of 401. The Xolo Black also features 2GB RAM, 16GB of internal storage (with support for up to 32GB microSD cards), and a 3,200mAh Lithium-polymer battery. The rear camera setup features two sensors; a 13-megapixel primary camera and a 2-megapixel secondary unit. The front camera uses a 5-megapixel sensor, and both the front and back have their own flashes.. Android Lollipop 5.0.2 powers the Xolo Black, with the company's proprietary Hive user interface layered on top. Hive is an attractive UI for the most part, with a handful of features and tweaks that aren't available on other devices in the price range. The app drawer is different, for one, and sorts apps horizontally by category. You can sort by alphabet, time of installation or app category, which is a good way to differentiate from the typical app drawer that we're used to.. Hive itself is sometimes a bit slow for our liking. It's occasionally sluggish in loading screens, and its animations take too long to play through. Most of the time, it does work well, so we can't complain too much. The default Hive lock screen is terrible, with very little appeal to it. Luckily, it can be disabled and replaced with the stock Android lock screen. The stock option also lets you customise quick launch keys and displays notifications without you having to unlock the device, so it's the obvious choice here.. All in all, it's a better user interface that what most other manufacturers offer. It's heavily customisable with plenty of tweaks and settings for the user to play with. The Xolo Black also has a handful of useful preinstalled apps, including McAfee, Comet Browser and a few Hive-branded security and privacy tools. The preinstalled apps unfortunately can't be removed, but they aren't too heavy on the phone's resources and can be stopped from the app settings menu and then ignored.. Camera The Xolo Black interestingly uses a dual-camera setup on the rear. This comprises of a 13-megapixel primary sensor and a 2-megapixel secondary sensor. This is meant to improve autofocus speed and also let you refocus on different parts of the picture after it has been taken, similar to the HTC One (M8) 's dual-camera feature. Autofocus is a bit quicker than we've noticed on most other similarly priced smartphones, but not significantly so. The refocusing feature works well, but is still essentially a gimmick that won't be put to use very often by most people.. A couple of other camera features of note are OptiZoom and ChromaFlash. OptiZoom aims to improve the quality of zoomed in images, but does not actually do much. Digitally zoomed images are grainy as always. ChromaFlash involves capturing two images in quick succession; one with the flash and one without. The frames are then combined by the software to create a single image that tones down the effect of the flash for improvedrealism. This works surprisingly well; images came out a fair bit better than what we've seen from similar smartphones in terms of colour and brightness.. The camera itself is decent, taking pictures that are sharp, detailed and fairly vibrant. Whites have a tendency to appear too bright, so pictures with a lot of white tend to lose some detail. The front camera is a standard 5-megapixel shooter, but interestingly has its own flash. Selfie lovers will be pleased with this, since it significantly improves shots taken in dark places. It's reasonable to say that snap-happy users will be pleased with the cameras on the Xolo Black.. The camera software is easy to use and features all the settings and modes that you'd ordinarily want from a smartphone. However, there are two apps for the camera; the ordinary one that features a bunch of filters and settings modes, and the dual-camera app which utilises the 2-megapixel secondary sensor but does away with a lot of the features that the main app offers. This turned out to be very confusing for us, since taking a picture now additionally involved making a decision as to which app's features would be better for the picture we intended to take. It would have been better to have the dual-camera mode worked into the standard app, and we're hoping a future firmware update fixes this.. Performance Performance is decent on the Xolo Black, with the device handling most tasks well. Hive UI is a little sluggish at times, but this doesn't affect performance in apps and games. We had no serious concerns with the phone during our time with it; the Black ran smoothly and had no malfunctions or crashes of any sort. Voice call quality was standard, as was performance with audio using both headphones and the device's own speakers.. We also put the Black through our assortment of HD videos. The device ran most of them with ease, and had file format issues with some of the others. We played Sonic Runners on the phone and felt no lag or performance issues whatsoever. Multitasking would tend to slow the phone down a little bit, so it's advisable not to keep too many apps running at the same time. The display, while full-HD and suitably sharp, is a little weak in terms of colour and contrast. It certainly isn't the cleanest full-HD display we've seen on a smartphone.. The Xolo Black scored 32,519 in AnTuTu and 20,996 in Quadrant. We also ran 3D Mark Ice Storm Extreme and GFXBench, where the phone scored 5427 points and 14fps respectively. This is more or less on par with other Snapdragon 615 devices. The battery lasted 9 hours, 41 minutes during our video loop battery test, which is a bit low for device with a 3,200mAh battery. In day to day use, the battery lasted a whole day with ease.. Verdict The Xolo Black is essentially a no-fuss smartphone with slightly above-average capabilities. It performs on par with most other devices in its price range, looks decent, and has a couple of features that stand out. Its dual rear cameras, front flash and generally pleasing performance with photography do help distinguish it in a way.. We like this phone, and we think you'll like too. If you're looking for a decent phone that does its job, and don't want to spend a lot of money, the Xolo Black is definitely one to consider. It's available on Flipkart now.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. Design Display Software Performance Battery Life Camera Value for Money. Good Decently built and looks good Hive UI has plenty of customisation options Good cameras, front camera has flash Straightforward, reliable performance Bad Hive UI can be sluggish at times Screen isn't quite up to the mark for full-HD Notification light in the power switch makes no sense Two separate camera apps make shooting a complicated affair. Read detailed Xolo Black review. Xolo Black 3GB RAM Variant Launched at Rs. Xolo Black Review: Back in Black. Xolo Black With 5.5-Inch Full-HD Display, Dual Rear Cameras Launched at Rs. More Xolo mobiles Xolo mobiles price in India. Further reading: android , Black , lollipop , smartphone , Xolo , Xolo Black , Xolo Black camera , Xolo Black design , Xolo Black Features , Xolo Black Performance , Xolo Black price , Xolo Black price in India , Xolo Black specifications. Nasa Releases Images of Mysterious Icy Plains on Pluto. Ex-Employees Probed for Attack on Surveillance Software Maker Hacking Team. Xolo Black Review: Back in Black. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. 
Click here to find mobiles using filters related to price, features, brands etc.. add to compare price alert. Dual Sim, 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi Octa Core, 1.5 GHz Processor 2 GB RAM, 16 GB inbuilt 3200 mAh Battery 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 px display 13 MP Dual Rear + 5 MP Front Camera Memory Card Supported, upto 32 GB Android, v5.0. Shipping: FREE 2-5 Business Days. XOLO Black Price In India is Rs. You Can Buy XOLO Black Online After Finding Lowest Price Here. XOLO Black Updated On February 26, 2018.. General: Dual Sim Android, v5.0 Slim 3200 mAH Non-Rem. Battery Display: Touch 5.5 inches 1080 x 1920 pixels Camera: 13 MP + 2 MP Dual Camera Flash 5 MP Front Camera with Flash Technical: 1.5 GHz, Octa Core Processor 2 GB RAM 16 GB Inbuilt Memory Memory Card Support, upto 32 GB Connectivity: 3G 4G WiFi Bluetooth GPS Extra: FM Radio 3.5mm Headphone Jack. Use multiple sims at the same time. It allows you to use two services without the need to carry two mobile phones at the same time. Slimmer mobile phones are easier to carry and look more fashionable. Touch Displays offer a more interactive experience. Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. Images, videos and text will look more sharp and clear. Images, videos will look amazing on this sharp and clear screen. Text will be easier to read. High resolution camera for taking sharp and clear photos. Dual camera is useful in enhancing certain effects like blur, zoom and wide angle photos. Having a camera flash allows you to take photos in low light. Front Camera enables you to take your own photos and do videocalling (on supported devices). Having a front camera flash allows you to take selfies in low light. Memory cards give your device more storage capacity. So you can store more songs, photos and videos. More storage allows you to store more songs, videos, photos and install more applications. More cores result in better parallelism, meaning more tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface. Faster CPU means more smooth experience. 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. 4G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience than 3G. You can connect to wifi hotspots in your area to experience a superior internet experience. Bluetooth enables you to wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets. GPS is used for determining your location. You can get directions to a place with the help of GPS. Having 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices (such as speakers, headphones) having 3.5mm Port. Detects motion as well as the orientation of a device (horizontally or vertically). Determines orientation and rotation and provides more accurate 3D motion tracking than an accelerometer. Determines direction facing relative to North, East, West and South. Listen to your favourite radio stations on your phone. Enjoy music on the go with FM Radio.. It has relatively less RAM than the other mobile phones in this price range. You can get more RAM than this. You can't use this to make calls over 4G network (a 3rd party app can be used instead though). You can't connect your phone to a TV. Cannot switch off phone by removing battery when your phone freezes. Also cannot replace the battery or use spare battery when battery performance is degraded.. Full Specifications Report An Error General Sim Type: GSM+GSM Dual Sim: Yes Device Type: Smartphone Release Date: July, 2015 Design Dimensions: 76.59 x 155.5 x 7.3 mm Display Type: Color Touch: Yes Size: 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 pixels PPI: ~ 401 PPI Features: Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Screen Protection Memory RAM: 2 GB Internal: 16 GB inbuilt Card Slot: Yes, upto 32 GB Connectivity 3G: Yes 4G: Yes Wifi: Yes Bluetooth: Yes Extra GPS: Yes Sensors: Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Compass 3.5mm Headphone Jack: Yes Camera Camera: Yes, 13 MP + 2 MP Dual Camera Dual Camera: Yes Flash: Yes Front Camera: Yes, 5 MP with Flash 13MP + 2MP Dual Rear Camera Technical OS: Android, v5.0 (Lollipop) CPU: 1.5 GHz, Octa Core, Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 Processor Multimedia FM Radio: Yes Battery Type: Non-Removable Battery Size: 3200 mAh, Li-ion Battery. No Expert reviews found for this mobile.. Maine Xolo black liya but iski performance bht kharab hai video recording sabse bekar h aap log mt kharidna isme internal storage bhi pura nhi diya 11gb diya h. Front camera Good look Full HD screen. Battery backup Camera Hanging problem Heating problem. Bad Phone ,Screen Not Work Properly,Hanging. I buy this phone at Rs 9500 1month ago ,Its hanging ,Battery low,Screen touch not work ....Plz Don't buy....Xolo Mobiles and Lava mobiles..... 4.Costly +Fake Mobile Lava and Xolo Company Bakwaas........ I bought this phone around 3 months back, and in this little period my screen had to be replaced twice without reason. It suddenly lost the towers, GPS lost. The power button doubles up as a status light, which I. This means that you can't see that you have new notifications unless the Xolo Black is facing you at a specific angle, which somewhat defeats the purpose of having the light. A traditional notification light at the front of the device would have made much more sense. There are off-screen soft keys below the screen, which I. feel are too small and too widely spaced. These stay dark by default until pressed. This makes them a bit tricky to use, and I often found myself tapping on dead space.. HIVE UI ITS VERY SLOW TOUCHPAD. I bought this phone last December, overall built quality is excellent, camera excellent, but the main problem is its touchpad, which is not very responsive, and it's Hive UI Also lags more often than not..... I'm very much dissatisfied with the product... Bcoz iam very disappointed with this product. Enter each Pro in new line.. Enter each Con in new line.. Who Viewed This Also Viewed .... Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro (6GB RAM + 64GB). Asus Zenfone 2 ZE551ML (4GB RAM+64GB). XOLO Mobiles Between 10000 and 15000. vs XOLO Black vs Asus Zenfone 2 ZE551ML (4GB RAM+64GB) vs XOLO Black vs XOLO Cube 5.0 (2GB RAM) vs XOLO Black vs Lyf Earth 1 vs XOLO Black vs Gionee Elife E8 vs XOLO Black vs Asus Zenfone Go ZC500TG. Sign up for our Newsletter :. Congratulations!!! You are now subscribed to our newsletter.. smartprix.com , All rights reserved. Recently Viewed By You ( 0 ). Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product. Mobiles And Tablets 0 Laptops And Computers 0 Cameras 0 Personal Appliances 0 Mobile Accessories 0. your email will not be published. Select A Product From Search Suggestions. your email will not be published. --select-- Incorrect Price Incorrect/ Missing Product Detail Coupon Not Working Found Lowest Price Somewhere Else Just A Feedback Other Issue. Sign in with your email address.. Find, Compare and Buy all in one place. Sign up with your email address. Already have an account? Login. 
XOLO Black - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 39 40 ». Total waste of money,lagging too much,I don't know why this mobile is manufactured ? Always hang,don't buy it.. Don't buy it, slow hangs alot applications doesn't work properly shuts down automatically, one of the bullshit trash mobile i ever got entire xolo mobiles r of worst quality, even when i am typing this cmnt it is hanging. Anonymous, 04 Jun 2017 My XOLO black is not getting started. Only XOLO logo is showing, not moving forward. more Press power button +volume down button long time your mobile will be automatic start. Purchased a new Jio sim but The phone Is not catching the 4G signal in Xolo Black 1x....What to do ?. Anonymous, 04 Jun 2017 My XOLO black is not getting started. Only XOLO logo is showing, not moving forward. more Just press power button for 15 sec,it will start. My XOLO black is not getting started. Only XOLO logo is showing, not moving forward. I want to know how to remove misc.files and it is unnecessary showing Memory full. nandhu, 08 Oct 2016 This mobile I buying in next week. Hello user guys this mobile have good or bad don't buy it ..I have buyed it about 1 year ago and it is a useless phone if u want to buy Good phone in this price range .. So go for Xiaomi mi4i. sandie, 10 Nov 2016 Can't make jio voice call. how can I do ? download the jio 4g voice calling. this phone is totally waste of money and time not good &#128247; and no long life battery touch not properly working. When the android version update is going to come of xolo black.. Not a single update came uptill now.. What the hell is this service.. your IT department is not good. K K JENA, 10 Aug 2016 Best phone for use XOLO BLACK 3GB. Camera excellent with flashlight for both camera.. more My mobile is not working kyebort. 005vir005, 02 Oct 2016 Xolo black is not supporting for Jio sim what is the sulution for this problem Xolo black support jio sim. This is the the whorst phone I ever seen I wasted lots of money in this phone its totally waste I suggests people not to buy that phone its main problem with this screen touch this is not working properly I have change its screen 2 times BT still same problem whrost smartphone ever... When is the marshmallow update coming ?. najju, 09 Sep 2016 How upgrade my xolo black for jio sim because xolo black not generate bar code demand upgrade ... more Please help me how to update my xolo black phone. Akshay angry, 18 Sep 2016 Any one need this phone xolo black then call me .wtf on this phone this phones is not good any... more U don't know to use it I m also using the same device it suits me its really good. When is the marshmallow update coming????. Pages: 1 2 3 … 39 40 ». Total of 786 user reviews and opinions for XOLO Black .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. XOLO Era 2X XOLO Era 1X XOLO Black 1X XOLO Era 4K XOLO Era 2 XOLO Era 4G. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Xolo Black Hands On Review Video Features and Specifications of Xolo Black Processor: 64-bit octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 GPU: Adreno 405 Operating System: Android 5.0 Lollipop with Hive Display: 5.5-inch IPS OGS (1080p resolution, 401ppi pixel density) RAM: 2GB ROM: 16GB (expandable up to 32GB via microSD card) Rear Camera: 13 mega pixel and 2 mega pixel, Auto Focus, Flash Front Camera: 5 mega pixel with wide angle lens and flash Battery: 3200mAh Connectivity: 4G LTE Hybrid Dual SIM Connect with us on: Website- http://www.intellectdigest.in/ Facebook- https://www.facebook.com/iDigestIndia Twitter- https://twitter.com/iDigestIndia Google+ - http://google.com/+IntellectdigestIn Connect With Rohit Khurana (man behind the camera) on: Facebook- https://www.facebook.com/rohitkhurana Twitter- https://twitter.com/rohit_khurana Google+ : http://google.com/+RohitKhurana Video by Intellect Digest - All rights reserved. All content used is copyright to Intellect Digest. Use or commercial display or editing of the content without proper authorization is not allowed.. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Xolo Black hands on Review - Camera, Features, Design, Price. XOLO Black Review, benchmark, unboxing, asphalt 8 and battery performance. Xolo Black First Quick Hands on Review. Lenovo K3 Note Vs Xolo Black Comparison. Xolo Black VS Xiaomi Mi4i Comparison Overview. Xolo Black Review- Is it value for money? Find Out!. Xiaomi Mi Note Pro - Unboxing & Hands On (4K). [Hindi] Xolo Black Real and detailed Unboxing Review. Xolo Black Unboxing, Hands On and Temp Check | AllAboutTechnologies. Xolo Black review initial impressions, hands on, unboxing. Xolo Black Camera test with Image & Video samples. 5 Good And Bad Things About ASUS Zenfone 2. Xolo Black Unboxing, Quick Review, Features, Camera Quality Overview. Top 16 New Features Of Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Yu Yuphoria Impressions And Why So Cheap?. Xolo Black Unboxing & Hands On Overview. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Jul 1, 2015. Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.29 inches). The Xolo Black is a powerful smartphone with Android 5.0. Its specs include 5.5" 1080p display, 1.5 GHz octa core CPU, 2 GB RAM, 16 GB ROM, microSD card slot, dual 13MP + 2MP rear camera and a 5 MP front one for video calls. Dual SIM card support is also present.. OS: Android (5.0), Xolo Hive UI. Dimensions: 6.12 x 3.02 x 0.29 inches (155.5 x 76.6 x 7.3 mm). Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Oleophobic coating, Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 1500 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 36.60 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 30.6 days (736 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 23.50 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 29.1 days (698 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s, HSUPA 11 Mbit/s, UMTS. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 205. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Xolo Black specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
ADD TO CART BUY NOW. Xolo BLACK (Black, 16 GB) (2 GB RAM). No Cost EMIs from ₹ 1,327 /month. Other EMIs from ₹ 579 /month. Bank Offer Extra 5% off* with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Partner Offer First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Brand Warranty of 1 Year Available for Mobile and 6 Months for Accessories. Enter pincode for exact delivery dates/charges. 2 GB RAM | 16 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 32 GB 5.5 inch Full HD Display 13MP Rear Camera | 5MP Front Camera 3200 mAh Li-Polymer Battery Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 MSM8939 64-bit Cortex-A53 Processor. No cost EMI starting from ₹1,327/month Cash on Delivery Net banking & Credit/ Debit/ ATM card. The second SIM slot of this dual SIM phone accepts either a nano SIM card or a microSD Memory Card. If you are using 2 SIM cards, you will not be able to expand the phone's memory using a microSD Memory Card 4G Connectivity and Phone Features Depend on the Carrier and the Location of the User. If you love clicking exceptionally beautiful pictures, watching series of movies and TV shows or playing heavy duty games, the XOLO BLACK is for you as it is beautifully crafted to feature a revolutionary dual rear camera, a 13.97 cm (5.5) FHD display, a 2nd gen-Snapdragon processor and is backed by 3200mAh battery.. Sleek and slim, the XOLO BLACK is 7.3 mm thin and is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 3 (front and rear). The oleophobic coating keeps finger smudges and stains away and enhances touch sensitivity. The breathing light gives notifications in a beautiful, non-intrusive way.. Playing games, reading e-books and watching videos is a delight on the 13.97 cm (5.5) Full HD display of this smartphone. The OGS full lamination makes the screen thinner yet stronger and improves the touch responsiveness gives you a color-rich, radiant display. The IPS technology ensures a wide 178-degree view.. This XOLO device has been designed for smartphone photography enthusiasts. It features a novel twin camera setup at the rear, which includes a 13 MP and a 2MP camera. The 5 MP front camera with flash is perfect for selfies and Skype chats.. 13 MP & 2 MP Rear. Take advantage of the wide variety of camera features and perfect your pictures. Capture images and then play around with the focus using the Ubifocus™ feature. Capture clear and natural images in low light conditions with Chromaflash™. Qualcomm's Optizoom™ technology ensures high-resolution images which don't pixelate even on zooming.. This XOLO smartphone is powered by a 1.5 Ghz Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 Octa-Core 64-bit processor and an LPDDR3 2 GB RAM. Apps run smoothly, games are hiccup-free and multi-tasking is seamless on this smartphone.. The 3200 mAh Li-Ion battery provides enough fuel for life on the move as it is optimized to consume less power. The Quick Charge 1.0 technology reduces this XOLO device's charging time to 2.5 hours.. Built on Android Lollipop, the HIVE Atlas UI is easy to use and is loaded with new features. Comet browser enables 20% faster browsing and uses lesser data than other browsers. Keep your private data safe by locking private apps in the Underground feature and retrieve them with a password. The reading mode turns your display black and white for a better reading experience.. Love listening to music or watching videos on your smartphone? The XOLO BLACK optimises the audio for your headset, thereby delivering an enhanced audio experience.. Carry your favourite songs and videos with you wherever you go, thanks to the 16 GB internal storage capacity which can be expanded up to 32 GB.. Whether you are a social media addict or often transfer songs from your laptop to your phone, this XOLO device is up to the task as it comes with 4G LTE, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. The Hybrid Dual SIM capability lets you choose the device as dual SIM or single SIM with microSD.. The XOLO BLACK comes with an accelerometer, a magnetometer, an ambient light sensor, a gyroscope, a hall effect sensor and a proximity sensor.. Handset, Charger, USB Cable, Sim Key, Warranty Document, Screen Guard, User Manual BLACK Black Smartphones Dual Sim Yes Yes Yes Echo and Noise Cancellation. 5.5 inch 1920 x 1080 Pixels Full HD Adreno 405; 550 MHz 16 M IPS Display, 5 Fingers Supported, One Glass Solution Technology, Corning Gorilla Glass 3. Android Lollipop 5.0.2 Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 MSM8939 64-bit Cortex-A53 Octa Core 1.5 GHz GSM - 850, 900, 1800, 1900; WCDMA - 900, 2100; 4G LTE (FDD) - Band 3 (1800), LTE (TD) - Band 40 (2300). 16 GB 2 GB 32 GB MicroSD Hybrid Slot Yes. Yes 13MP Supports Ubifocus, ChromaFlash, Zero Shutter Lag (ZSL), Auto Focus, Image Stabilization, Scene Detection and Tuning, High Dynamic Range (HDR), Face Recognition (Focussing and Gallery), Red Eye Removal, Geo-tagging Removal, Panorama Capture, Optizoom, 13 MP: 5-element Lens, f/2.0 Aperture, 2 MP: 3-element Lens, f/2.4 Aperture Yes 5MP Video Chat, Flash Support, BSI Sensor, 5-element Lens, f/2.0 Aperture, 81 Degree Wide Angle Lens Yes Yes Yes Yes 1920 x 1080. 4G, 3G, 2G 4G LTE, GSM 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi Yes 42 Mbps HSDPA; 11 Mbps HSUPA, HSPA+ Comet Yes 2 Yes 4 Yes 802.11 b/g/n Yes Yes 3.5 mm Google Maps Yes. Yes Micro SIM and Nano SIM HIVE Atlas Yes Accelerometer, Magnetometer, Ambient Light Sensor, Gyroscope, Hall Effect Sensor, Proximity Sensor Corning Gorilla Glass 3 at Front & Rear Side, Android Video Player, 5-pin Micro USB, Standby time for 4G: 547 hrs, The Second SIM Slot of this Dual SIM Phone Accepts Either a Nano SIM Card or a microSD Memory Card. MP3, AAC, AAC+, AMR-NB, AMR-WB, WAV, eAAC+, MIDI, WMA H.263, H.264, H.265, MPEG4, DivX, MP4, AVI, MKV. 76.6 mm 155.5 mm 7.3 mm. Brand Warranty of 1 Year Available for Mobile and 6 Months for Accessories. Johra Tempered Glass Guard for Xolo Black. Good phone under 13000 k looks are awesome battery is best camera quality is good it lags little bit in swtiching apps but its ok ..... XOLO BLACK NEEDS LOT OF IMPROVEMENTS. This product is very sluggish and do not reach the specs quality 3200 mAh battery is like 2000 mah charging is very slow gallery is do not respond and crashes when you insert SD card(I am using 32 gb sd card) lock screen is lagging basic games lag I cant use to slots at a time for SIM when I am using SD card. which was never mentioned in specs that there are only two slots back camera flash is sluggish even after turning of the recording flash runs for 5 sec and then turn off pro looks .... Just got this phone today and on initial use came to the following conclusion Pros :- 1) Sleek design, and really lightweight. 2) Phone is fast, no lag in any heavy apps. 3) Hive UI is new and refreshing. Cons :- 1) Audio is not that great, and sound seems to crumble at high volume. 2) The inbuilt gallery app is extremely slow. Otherwise at this price, its really good phone to buy.. Happy to get this beast...Worth the money !!! Phone is awesome with HIVE User Interface Superb camera quality excellent built quality..Premium and slim Display clarity and touch sensitive is also great Cons: only thing..It lags a bit but hive team is give regular updates to fix those tiny bugs ......................... Many have posted negative reviews like play store not working,device is very slow ,etc, but i just find small lags which will be fixed through upcoming update... Value for money phone at this price. The phone is a very good value for money. I have used the phone for 2 days and following are my observations: 1) Performance is quite good for normal usage. 2) Rear and front cameras are very good 3) Superb battery backup. After a days usage you are still left with 25% of battery (3G data on whole day, intermittent whatsapp use). 4) Phone feels very premium in hands. Back glass is smooth and feels good in hands. 5) Awesome sound quality 6) Does not heat.... If you want to but a 10,000 Rs phone why not spend extra 3K and buy this one.. DRAW BACK 1- U CAANAOT USE DUAL SIM + SD CARD AT THE SAME TIME. hangs alot and very slow opniing any application is very time taking camera is good but very slow. This is my 2nd Xolo mobile after Q700. The Phone is really a beautiful Monster in terms of looks and performance. Sound is good, Display is crisp, browsing is fast, Camera is good, though not played much with it. Look and feel is really unbeatable. Breathing LED notification is something kind of new feature which is great. Not experienced any issues when installing applications from Google Play. Some lag here and there and it.... mobile will heats very much while using mobile data. pls friends dnt go this product.for 13k u can buy any other mobile better than this for this mobile 13k is waste of money...... Have doubts regarding this product? Post your question. You May Also Be Interested In. Payments Shipping Cancellation & Returns FAQ Report Infringement. Contact Us About Us Careers Flipkart Stories Press Sell on Flipkart. Online Shopping Affiliate Program Gift Card Flipkart First Subscription Sitemap. Policies: Returns Policy Terms of use Security Privacy Infringement © 2007- 2018 Flipkart.com.. Top Stories : Brand Directory. MOST SEARCHED IN Mobiles & Accessories: I PHONE 4 S IPHONE 6S 64GB PRICE IN INDIA GIONEE ELIFE S7 PRICE IN INDIA HTC 626 PRICE IN INDIA MICROMAX CANVAS KNIGHT PRICE CANVAS TAB P666 MICROMAX A106 MICROSOFT LUMIA 435 PRICE INFOCUS M2 NEXUS 5 SPECIFICATIONS NOKIA 308 ONEPLUS ONE PRICE IN INDIA SONY MOBILES WIRELESS SPEAKERS GALAXY A3 SAMSUNG GALAXY GRAND NEW SAMSUNG GALAXY S DUOS 2 S7582 SAMSUNG S2 PLUS SAMSUNG EDGE PRICE IN INDIA PRICE OF SAMSUNG GALAXY GRAND PRIME SAMSUNG Z3 PRICE SONY XPERIA C PRICE IPHONE 5 PRICE APPLE S5 PRICE GIONEE ELIFE E7 BUY LEECO LE 1S ECO LENOVO K4 NOTE MOBILE GALAXY A5 PRICE GALAXY STAR PRO XPERIA Z5. Vaishnavi Summit, Ground Floor, 7th Main,. 
Mobiles / XOLO Mobile Phones / XOLO Black Price in India. Market Status: Available in India User Visits: 61 Launch Date in India: 13 July, 2015 Compare. 4G LTE Quickcharge 1.0 Dual-camera setup Smudge free display. Less brand recognition compared to competition. Xolo has hopped on to the bandwagon of brands that are launching online sub-brands to give competition to the likes of YU and Xiaomi. The new brand launched by the manufacturer is called Black and the first smartphone launched under this brand is named black as well. Xolo has been extensively marketing the device in the Indian market with online teasers and videos adding to the hype. Launched last weekend, the device has managed to live up to the hype created by the brand and comes with an attractive price tag for the specifications it comes with. Here is why the handset is one of the best buy in the market as of now.. In first look, the Xolo Black looks as elegant as it gets in this price segment and is quite a stunner. True to its name, Xolo Black boasts of an all black unibody design that offers a classy feel to its users. The handset boasts of a smudge free, oleophobic glass on both front and rear panel. Besides, the rear panel boasts of a dual-camera setup , which happens to be the highlight of the handset. The volume rocker buttons and power button has been conveniently placed on the side of the device for easy reachability. Another highlight of the device is the blinking light notification in the power button.. The display on the Xolo Black handset is near perfect as it measures 5.5-inch display for a good viewability and readability. Moreover, it boasts of a full HD resolution of 1920 x 1080 pixels, which makes it a stunning device for those who prefer reading or watching videos on their devices. The size and resolution of the display results in a pixel density of 401 ppi, which is quite impressive. Additionaly, the handset manufacturer has used One Glass Solution panel for this device for an enhanced touch sensitivity.. The Xolo Black handset comes running on the Android 5.0 Lollipop operating system out of the box. However, the user experience is actually enhanced by the Hive Atlas UI running on top of the Android Lollipop. The Hive UI comes with Comet Browser that is designed to save 90% of data normally used by other browsers. Additionally, there is an underground drawer where users can hide their personal app and lock it through a pin. Other highlights include integrated reading mode and customisable themes.. The performance of Xolo Black happens to be sublime as it comes equipped with a Snapdragon 615 Octa-core processor. Additionally, the processor is coupled with 2 GB of RAM that enhances the performance as well as overall smoothness. The device comes backed by a 3200 mAh battery that is equipped with Quickcharge 1.0 for up to 40% faster charging speed.. The camera of the handset is the talking point as it boasts of dual camera setup on the rear panel. There is a 13 Megapixel camera on the back panel accompanied by a 2 Megapixel secondary camera and LED flash. This means that the depth perception of the camera is exceedingly amazing and it is possible to focus on objects in the picture even after the image has been clicked. The front camera on the handset is a 5 Megapixel affair that is ideal for selfies and video calling.. There is no other handset in this price category that comes with dual-camera setup like the Xolo Black. However, if you are not a photography aficionado, you can take a look at Xiaomi Mi 4i and Xiaomi M4. Both these devices are available for the same price tag and offer similar or better specifications.. Xolo has definitely outperformed with the first handset under its Black sub-brand. The device is a gem coming to the photography, performance and user interface. You cannot go wrong at any cost with this device as its price tag ensures that it is a high value for money device.. 11,936 .00. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. XOLO Black Price in India starts from. The lowest XOLO Black price in India is. 11,936 at Flipkart.com on 26 February, 2018. You can avail the option of Cash on Delivery (COD) and. The XOLO Black is available in Black. The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad,. All prices are in Indian Rupees.. 3 /5 (582 User Reviews). Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 1.5 GHz Octa Core 2 GB RAM 16 GB Storage 5.5" (13.97 cm) Display 3200 mAh Battery 13 MP Rear Camera 5 MP Front Camera Dual SIM Quick Charging. We will notify you as soon as price of XOLO Black Drops from 11,936. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as price of XOLO Black Drops from 11,936. 155.5 x 76.6 x 7.3 mm. 1.5 GHz Octa core 64 bit (Cortex A53). Oleophobic coating, Corning Gorilla Class 3. Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Compass, Gyroscope, Hall Sensor. 1080 x 1920 pixels, Full HD. Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). AAC, AAC+, AMR, eAAC+, MIDI, MP3, WAV, WMA. Handset with built-in Battery, Charger, USB Cable, Screen Guard, User Manual, Warranty Card. Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Asus Zenfone 2 ZE550ML (2GB RAM, HD, 16GB, 1.8GHz). Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus 3GB RAM. Asus Zenfone 2 ZE551ML (2GB RAM, Full HD, 16GB, 1.8GHz). Compare XOLO Black vs Lenovo K3 Note. Compare XOLO Black vs XOLO Black 3GB RAM. Compare XOLO Black vs XOLO Black 1X. Compare XOLO Black vs Lenovo K5 Note. Compare XOLO Black vs Honor 4X. Compare XOLO Black vs Yu Yureka Plus. Compare XOLO Black vs Lava Pixel V2. Compare XOLO Black vs Asus Zenfone 2 ZE550ML (2GB RAM, HD, 16GB, 1.8GHz). Compare XOLO Black vs Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus 3GB RAM. Compare XOLO Black vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 32GB. Compare XOLO Black vs Xiaomi Mi4. Compare XOLO Black vs Samsung Galaxy J7. Compare XOLO Black vs Asus Zenfone 2 ZE551ML (2GB RAM, Full HD, 16GB, 1.8GHz). XOLO Mobiles XOLO Mobiles Under 10000 XOLO Mobiles Under 15000 XOLO 4G Mobiles XOLO 3G Mobiles XOLO Touch Screen Mobiles XOLO 4G Mobiles Under 10000. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Overview Review Prices Specs Alternatives. 
Home >> Phones >> Xolo >>Black. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. Xolo Black is a smartphone Powered By Android 5.0 Lollipop and 13 + 2 MP Dual rear Auto Focus Camera.. Also available with 3GB RAM for Rs.11999. - 1.5 GHz Snapdragon 615 Octa Core Processor. - 2 GB RAM With 16GB ROM. - 5.5 Inch FHD IPS OGS Display With 401PPI. - 13 MP + 2 MP Dual Rear Camera With LED Flash. - 5 MP Front Facing Camera. - Dual Hybrid (Micro + Nano/MicroSD). Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. Xolo Black User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
Jolla Sailfish 3 and new Sailfish devices, support for feature phones announced at the MWC 2018. Nokia 1 Hands On and Photo Gallery. Nokia 7 Plus Hands On and Photo Gallery. Nokia 8110 Hands On and Photo Gallery. Samsung Dex Pad Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ desktop dock announced. Sony Xperia Ear Duo wireless headphones with Google Assistant and Siri integration announced. Sony Xperia XZ2 Compact with 5-inch Full HD+ HDR display, Snapdragon 845, 4K HDR recording announced. Sony Xperia XZ2 with 5.7-inch Full HD+ HDR display, Snapdragon 845, 4K HDR video recording announced. Apple said to launch high-end over-ear headphones later this year: KGI. Canon EOS M50 4K mirrorless camera and EOS Rebel T7 DSLR announced. Author Sandeep Sarma Posted on August 12, 2015 August 24, 2015 Categories India , Reviews , Xolo. Xolo Black smartphone in Black color. Safety, legal and warranty information and quick start guide. Depth Sensing Camera is under-utilized due to software. Loudspeaker isn’t as loud as we’d like. "XOLO Black Review" , 5 out of 5 based on 18 ratings.. XOLO Black is the first smartphone from XOLO that is part of the Black series of smartphones that are aimed at online retail markets. Calling the series Black and the smartphone Black as well makes it quite confusing for the customer and it will become more so when it is time to launch the next phone in the Black series. That is expected to be sometime soon as the company did state that it has plans to launch around 4 devices per year. We aren’t sure what naming scheme the company plans for the upcoming devices but what we do know is what the XOLO Black offers and it seems to offer plenty judging by its specifications sheet. Let’s dive into the review and see if it actually does live upto expectations in real life.. We have already done the unboxing of the XOLO Black smartphone. If you haven’t seen the video yet then please check it out below.. The contents of the box are:. XOLO seems to have taken Batman’s question “Does it come in Black” too literally as the phone comes exclusively in Black. That isn’t a bad thing and we aren’t complaining. It makes perfect sense to release the phone in just Black as the brand itself is known by the same name. XOLO state the main reason for choosing Black as a label and colour was because it is associated with a premium feel as compared to other colours. The smartphone has a design that is quite reminiscent of the Sony XPERIA range of devices largely because it uses glass on both the front and the back. However, you don’t have to worry much about scratches, as both the front as well as rear glass is Corning Gorilla Glass 3.. Being a 5.5” device, it is larger than most smartphones out there and while it technically is a phablet, it doesn’t feel too big to handle. The smartphone measures 155.5 x 76.6 x 7.3 mm which isn’t too small with 69.3% screen to body ratio and is way behind leaders such as LG G3 and G4 which have a much higher screen to body ratio. However, the handset doesn’t feel that big and thanks to the curved sides, it actually feels quite easy to handle and rests well in the hand. The edges are a bit sharper than we would like however, it is something that you get used to pretty fast.. The build quality feels solid and there are no creaks or loose parts anywhere. Thanks to the metal design, the phone does have a premium feel that XOLO is aiming for. The rear panel isn’t removable and neither is the battery. The sides have a matte finish that does help improve the grip and the phone never really slid out of our hands despite being made of glass on the front and back.. Above the display, you have the earpiece, proximity and ambient light sensors. The front facing 5 Megapixel camera is also here and it also has an LED flash to accompany it and that is another reason that justifies the larger footprint of the device.. Below the display, you have three capacitive buttons that function as the multi-tasking key, home key and return key. All three buttons are backlit in white and have good haptic feedback when pressed. Unfortunately there isn’t an option to adjust the timing of the backlighting for the keys and they time out after a few seconds and come back on only when you touch them or the display. However XOLO has promised the ability to customize the timing in a future firmware update as it is quite easy to implement.. At the top, you have the 3.5mm audio jack as well as the secondary microphone.. At the bottom, you have the microUSB port, speaker grill and the primary microphone which is hidden neatly in between the grills.. The left side houses the DualSIM slot that has a nanoSIM slot and a microSIM slot. It is a hybrid slot in which the nanoSIM slot can be used as a microSD card slot. You will need a SIM ejector pin in order to take the tray out.. The right side of the device has the split volume up and down buttons as well as the power/lock keys. These keys are made of metal too and have good feel and feedback when pressed. The power/lock key also features an integrated notification light.. At the back, you have the Dual Lens system. There is a primary 13 Megapixel camera a secondary 2 Megapixel camera for depth sensing. Unlike the HTC One M8 and the M9+ which have the depth sensing camera above the main camera sensor, the XOLO Black has the two side by side along with an LED flash in the middle.. Below it, you have the XOLO branding as well as the HIVE UI branding at the bottom.. The XOLO Black has a 5.5” IPS LCD display that has 1080p resolution that results in a pixel density of 403ppi. The display is sharp and vivid and the ambient light sensor works well. The sunlight legibility is good but is impacted by the display glass which is quite reflective.. It is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 3, which in our time of using the review is pretty good at protecting itself from scratches. The same goes for the rear glass as well. The display is quite smooth and easy to use and swipe across.. There is a notification light that is neatly hidden behind the power/lock key. It lights up as a halo around the key and supports various different colours such as Red, Green and Blue. Applications such as Whatsapp can be used to customize your notification light colours. While the location isn’t as ideal as having it on the front panel where most phones have it, we still quite liked the light here. The main reason for shifting the light to the side was probably to make space for the LED flash for the front facing camera. At least they eventually did include a notification light. Some manufacturers wouldn’t have bothered with one and justified the added LED flash on the front as the reason for the omission as well.. The XOLO Black has good call quality both in terms of loudness as well as clarity. The loudness is more than sufficient even in loud environments and the secondary noise cancelling microphone does a good job at cancelling out the noise and sending your clear voice to the party at the other end.. The Dialer is large and the numbers are well laid out. You can easily enter number even if you have large fingers. You can either type in a number or search for a contact. The contact app allows you to store practically unlimited entries and gives you the option of saving onto the SIM, phone or Gmail account. You can also have additional information apart from the usual email or phone numbers for every contact.. The phone comes pre-loaded with Google Keyboard and it works just as well as any phone with it. Thanks to the large screen estate, typing is fast and easy as well.. own design team in Bangalore was first introduced in the Xolo 8X-1000. budget Omega series that were launched last year. The new HIVE UI is called HIVE Atlas that is based on Android 5.0.2 (Lollipop) with Android’s material design. There is no major change when it comes to the interface. It has similar rounded icons and color scheme. The UI was a bit sluggish at times, which could be fixed through a software update.. launch the camera, messages or dialer right from the lock screen. It also shows separate notifications in the lock screen. so that these can be accessed only using a. Other features include, Reading mode that turns the. This will offer you comfortable reading and puts. less stress on the eyes, says XOLO.. Apart from the usual set of utility apps and Google apps, the smartphone comes pre-loaded with. with data and battery saving features that is powered by Opera,. McAfee and some security and privacy tools. It also comes pre-loaded with Vodafone Music app that offers. Coming to the performance, the second-generation Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 64-bit processor. four ARM Cortex A53 cores clocked at 1.5 GHz per core and. four Cortex A53 cores clocked at 1.1 GHz per core offers decent. performance, but the UI has occasional lags as we mentioned earlier. upgraded Snapdragon 615 SoC, we did not face any heating issues. It gets warm on data usage similar to most other smartphones. It scored 21805 points in the Quadrant Benchmark and grabs the second spot, behind the Xiaomi Mi 4i.. Check out the complete set of Xolo Black benchmarks here. It has a 550MHz Adreno 405 GPU. Most games were smooth, some games did lag occasionally, but the graphics was good. It scored a rating of 3.5/5 out of 5 in the gaming review. Check out the gaming review video to know more about the gaming performance of the smartphone in detail.. The XOLO Black has 16GB of internal memory that can be expanded using microSD cards. The phone supports microSD cards upto 32GB in capacity. Out of 16GB of storage, the user gets around 10.69GB of free usable space when you first boot the phone. It also has USB OTG support.. The phone has a dual SIM tray with one nanoSIM slot and one microSIM slot. It has a hybrid sim tray and makes use of one of the SIM slots for the microSD card. While it isn’t as good as having a dedicated microSD slot, it still is better than having no way to expand built-in storage. It does have support for 4G LTE however it only allows the ability to have 4G enabled on one SIM at a time while the other remains on 2G only mode.. The device supports Wi-Fi b/g/n but doesn’t support dual-band Wi-Fi nor does it support ac standard Wi-Fi. It has a microUSB port and supports Bluetooth 4.0.. The audio quality is quite good through the headphones and the dynamic range is good too with little to no distortion at high volume levels either. The audio quality through the loudspeaker is good as well but the volume could’ve been a bit better. Luckily there’s hardly any distortion at high volumes.. The built in music player app is called Fusion X and it has a really beautiful design. It is simple to use yet looks futuristic and sophisticated at the same time. Functionality wise, it isn’t much different though. You can view songs according to the artist, track, album or playlists and you also get a nice preview of the album art. Users can choose to seek/skip and play/pause tracks along with options to repeat or shuffle the songs. You even have an equalizer that lets you tweak the audio settings to your liking and get the best out of your audio equipment. Perhaps the most important feature of the phone is its camera or cameras in plural. The company has paid quite a lot of attention to not just the main camera at the back but the front facing camera as well. The main camera is a 13 Megapixel unit with a secondary 2 Megapixel depth sensing camera and an LED flash. The front facing camera is a 5 Megapixel unit, which also has an LED flash.. Good camera specifications doesn’t always mean good camera performance and image quality. To be honest, I hadn’t really expected much from the camera but it totally took me back when I saw the quality of photos it produced. The camera captures very vivid and detailed images with good white balancing. It is quick to focus and also is able to focus on subjects that are quite close. The detailing is one of the best we’ve seen on smartphones recently and especially considering the price range at which this device sells, it makes it more impressive. It also has good dynamic range even without the HDR option enabled and enabling it takes it a step further.. The camera also does a good job at keeping the noise levels at a minimum however, noise does creeps in during low light. The LED flash isn’t too powerful but does help a bit in really low light conditions. Low light portaits with the LED flash aren’t that good in terms of skin tone as it isn’t a Dual-LED flash. However, the ChromaFlash feature does help improve that issue to a large extent. What it does is capture two images one after another quickly, one with flash and one without and combine both to produce more realistic looking images and skin tones. While it does a good job at making the skin tones better, due to two different shots being combined, we did find ghosting issues occasionally especially if you or your friends are a bit too fidgety. The front camera is quite good at capturing details however it does seem to lag a bit when taking photos indoors so you will have to hold it quite steady or else you can make use of the LED flash which works well for group selfies especially.. The OptiZoom feature is something that we felt was a bit of a let down. It works similar to how a regular digital zoom would work but attempts to bring more detailing and sharpness. While the differences are visible, it still isn’t that apparent to warrant the need for a separate feature altogether. The images are still quite noisy and don’t really have all that much extra detail or sharpness. The camera can record videos at a maximum resolution of 1080p at 30 fps. The video is good in terms of detailing however we felt that there was a bit of colour fringing and the videos are jerky due to lack of OIS (Optical Image Stabilization).. The camera UI is quite detailed as you can choose from various modes, filters as well as change the various settings such as aspect ratio, face detection, location, picture size, picture quality etc.. The depth sensor works well too and you have to use the Dual Camera app which exists as a standalone app rather than a built-in plugin to the main application. but the implementation of the UbiFocus software could’ve been a bit better. It allows you to adjust the depth of field you want be it shallow or deep and also allows you to set a point of focus. However this point of focus is often too narrow and the effect seems a bit too fake as you make the depth of field shallower. Perhaps if there was a way to fine tune the depth of field as a fade effect and even change it from a spot focus to linear focus method, it would’ve helped.. We also feel that it would be better to have Dual Camera as a feature built into the main app and while XOLO might have their reasons for having a standalone app, it definitely is quite confusing to users. Even I had a tough time figuring where the dual camera feature was. They should’ve at least included a shortcut to the dual camera app from the main camera application. But since its just software, it is something that can easily be done at a point in the future with a firmware upgrade.. Check out the camera samples (Click the image to view the full resolution sample). It can record videos at 1080p resolution at 30 fps. Check out the complete set of Xolo Black’s camera samples here .. The XOLO Black has a non-removable 3200 mAh battery. Since it is non-removable, you will have to resort to plugging you phone into a wall socket or connecting a portable battery pack since you cannot replace the battery. You will also have to take it to a service centre if you wish to replace it unless you are willing to take the risk. The phone doesn’t support fast charging but still manages to charge quite fast. It achieved a One Charge Rating of 8 hours and 29 minutes in our battery test, which is decent, but not the best.. At Rs 12,999 the XOLO Black is a very unique product that offers good value for money. Although it is priced at the same price point as phones such as the Xiaomi Mi 4i, it offers a Dual-SIM slot, microSD expansion (Hybrid Slot), Depth Sensing camera, Front facing camera with LED flash etc. It does have a few negatives particularly in terms of software which needs some tweaking, it still is quite good value for money and more than that, it has a unique set of features that will help you stand out from the crowd. If you are someone who can live with its few shortcomings and embrace its unique features then this is one phone that should keep you happy.. Srivatsan Sridhar contributed to the review. Sandeep Sarma is a blogger and a freelance photographer. Apart from gadgets and phones, he also has a passion for movies and cars. He currently uses the S7 Edge as his main phone. Catch him on twitter at @sandeep9sarma. View all posts by Sandeep Sarma. Previous Previous post: Kingston introduces 512GB UHS-I SDHC/SDXC card. Next Next post: Airtel launches 4G LTE services in Agartala. Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro. Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Xolo / Xolo Black Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 3.0 1182 Ratings 1 Questions & Answers. Xolo Black is a dual SIM smartphone with Android 5.1 Lollipop. It features a 5-inch Full HD (1920x1080 pixels) LCD display. The phone is powered by a 1.5GHz octa-core Snapdragon 615 processor and 2GB of RAM. It has dual 13 MP cameras on the back and a 5 MP front-facing camera. The Xolo Black features 16GB internal storage and a microSD slot. It can connect to Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS, 3G and 4G LTE networks. The device comes with a 3,200mAh battery .. Best Price: ₹ 11,936. Key Specifications 1.5 GHz + Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 MSM8939 64-bit Cortex-A53, Octa Core processor 2 GB RAM, 16 GB ROM RAM 16 GB internal storage 3200 mAh battery Yes, 13 MP + 2 MP (Dual Rear Camera) rear & Yes, 5 MP selfie 5.5 inch inch screen Dual Sim, GSM + LTE Android v5.0.2 (Lollipop). Earn ₹90 cashback on this product. (Not applicable for purchases in Amazon) i Sign up. Xolo Black Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Xolo Black is at Flipkart. Black is not available in other online stores.. The Xolo Black is a mid-range device featuring a 5.5-inch Full HD display with a resolution of 1920x1080 pixels and has been designed in a unique way that makes it smudge-free and stain-free. The device is made up of glass with an oleophobic coating on top that makes the surface spill and shatter-proof.. The Full HD display on the device ensures that viewers enjoy watching videos on it and also enjoy playing high-end games. The Xolo Black runs Android 5.1 Lollipop with its in-house Hive 1.5 UI on top. It features 16GB of expandable internal storage, which can be further expanded up to 64GB through a microSD card. With that much storage provided on the device, users can store a high amount of media on it.. When it comes to imaging, the Xolo Black features 13-megapixel dual cameras with an LED flash in the middle to provide equal light to both the cameras for taking pictures in the dark. The device also features a 5-megapixel front camera which has multiple modes such as night mode, beauty mode and many more for amazing front clicks. The twin camera setup on the back is pretty useful when it comes to taking photos with great depth and resolution.. Powering the Xolo Black is a 1.5GHz Snapdragon 615 processor coupled with 2GB of RAM , which will make sure that the device works smoothly and allows user for seamless multitasking and browsing on the phone. In terms of connectivity, the Xolo Black supports 4G LTE , 3G, Wi-Fi, GPS and Bluetooth. The 4G support on the device falls in the Cat4 category, which is supported by major service providers in India.. Making the device last long is a 3,200mAh of battery that provides the smartphone with enough power to go on for more than a day. The Xolo Black would be competing against other phones with similar specs such as the Yu Yureka, Lenovo A7000 and Xiaomi Mi 4.. Please ask the question in above box. Does it come with a headset?. No, it doesn't comes with a headset. 10 Ratings 3 Reviews. 5 4. 4 0. 3 0. 2 0. 1 4. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Xolo Black Fully Ordinary China Set.. I am Using this set from 8th August 2015. 1) It's a ordinary china made handset. 2) Processor described as Snapdragon 615 but if you search Snapdragon.com, you will see the Xolo Black not registered in Snapdragon site. So, It is clear processor isn't made by Snapdragon. here xolo cheat with all buyers. 3) Battery described tal k time as 30 hours but when you using this set, you will see battery drain within max 6-7 hours. Not any update realesed by Xolo or Hive team. 4) Camera is not so good as described. photo came good when daylight is very high. but in low light photo came as 3.2 MP camera. 5) Not upgrade option through OTA hub. Hive developers released Developers ROM for Xolo Black. if you install this ROM, then N then your warrantee would be void. but, it's a max 5999/- category set. ( exmp: Karbonn Machfive better then Xolo Black) I suggest you all, " DON'T BUY IT AND DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY". Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. Xolo mobile price list in India. Redmi Note 5 64GB price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy On Nxt 64GB price (Rs. Moto G5 Plus 4GB RAM price in India (Rs. Nokia 5 price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy A8 Plus price in India. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Xolo Black. Asus Zenfone 4 Selfie Lite 32GB. LG Stylus 2 Plus (3GB RAM). All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Xolo Black was obtained on 26th February 2018 16:17:46 The Xolo Black is available in Flipkart The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Xolo Black online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Xolo Black is available in Black colours across various online stores in India.. Xolo Black Price in India is Rs. 11,936 as on 26th February 2018 16:17:46. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobiles > Xolo Mobiles with Price. Mobile phones today come in various shapes, sizes, features, and colours. While traditionally a mobile was designed for communication purposes, today mobile phones are not merely used for talking. Xolo mobile phones are one of the newer mobile phone brands, which have won the hearts of the users with their quality phones available at budget prices. With over 74 models of Xolo mobile phones updated as on 2018 26th February there is a mobile phone that suits the needs of everyone. One of the best features about Xolo mobile phones that has won the hearts of every techie is that they are one of the first Android phones with Intel processors. With superior features and outstanding processor units, Xolo is certainly a preferred brand of mobile phones for one to choose.. Xolo Era 1X price Xolo Era 4K price Xolo Era X price Xolo Era 4G price Xolo Black 1X price. Xolo mobile price list 2017 (with 74 models and pictures). Showing 1-74 of 74 products. SORT BY Price: High to Low Price: Low to High Popularity. Best 4g Phones under 5000 in India Best 5 inch Mobiles Under 20000 Best Sony Mobile Price List 2018 Best 4GB RAM Mobiles. Xolo Era 3X 5 inch Screen 3 GB RAM 16 GB ROM Android 7.0 Nougat OS. From 1 store at ₹6,999. Xolo Era 2 5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS. From 5 stores at ₹3,799. Xolo Era 3 5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Android 7.0 Nougat OS. From 5 stores at ₹4,199. Xolo Era 1X 5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS. From 4 stores at ₹3,999. Xolo Era 2X 5 inch Screen 2 GB RAM 16 GB ROM Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS. From 4 stores at ₹5,699. Xolo Era 2V 5 inch Screen 2 GB RAM 16 GB ROM Android 7.0 Nougat OS. From 1 store at ₹5,999. Xolo Era 1X Pro 5 inch Screen 2 GB RAM 16 GB ROM Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS. From 4 stores at ₹5,280. Xolo Era 2X 3GB RAM 5 inch Screen 3 GB RAM 16 GB ROM Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS. From 3 stores at ₹6,499. Xolo A500S 4 inch Screen 512 MB RAM 4 GB ROM Android 4.2 Jelly Bean OS. From 1 store at ₹5,999. Xolo Cube 5.0 5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Android 5.0 Lollipop OS. From 1 store at ₹7,699. Xolo Black 1X 5 inch Screen 3 GB RAM 32 GB ROM Android 5.1.1 Lollipop OS. From 1 store at ₹7,999. Xolo Black 5.5 inch Screen 2 GB RAM 16 GB ROM Android 5.0 Lollipop OS. From 1 store at ₹11,936. Xolo A1010 5 inch Screen 512 MB RAM 4 GB ROM Android 4.4 Kitkat OS. From 1 store at ₹3,950. Xolo Era 4G 5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Android 5.1 Lollipop OS. From 1 store at ₹5,786. Xolo Era 3X 5 inch Screen 3 GB RAM 16 GB ROM Android 7.0 Nougat OS. From 0 stores at ₹7,499. Xolo A550S IPS 4 inch Screen 512 MB RAM 4 GB ROM Android 4.2 Jelly Bean OS. From 1 store at ₹3,999. Xolo Era X 5 inch Screen 2 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Android 5.1.1 Lollipop OS. From 1 store at ₹4,999. Xolo 8X-1000 5 inch Screen 2 GB RAM 16 GB ROM Android 4.4 Kitkat OS. From 1 store at ₹6,999. Xolo Q1010i 5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Android 4.2 Jelly Bean OS. From 1 store at ₹10,999. Xolo One 16 GB 4.5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 16 GB ROM Android 4.4 Kitkat OS. From 1 store at ₹4,995. Xolo Win Q1000 5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Windows Phone 8.1 OS. From 1 store at ₹5,499. Xolo Q610s 4.5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Android 4.4 Kitkat OS. From 1 store at ₹6,249. Xolo Q520s 4 inch Screen 512 MB RAM 4 GB ROM Android 4.4 Kitkat OS. From 1 store at ₹6,499. Xolo Q900T 4.7 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 4 GB ROM Android 4.2 Jelly Bean OS. From 1 store at ₹7,399. Xolo Cube 5.0 2GB RAM 5 inch Screen 2 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Android 5.0 Lollipop OS. From 1 store at ₹7,500. Xolo Omega 5.5 5.5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Android 4.4 Kitkat OS. From 1 store at ₹7,799. Xolo Q600s 4.5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 4 GB ROM Android 4.4 Kitkat OS. From 1 store at ₹8,000. Xolo Q2000L 5.5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Android 4.4 Kitkat OS. From 1 store at ₹8,725. Xolo Q2100 5.5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Android 4.4 Kitkat OS. From 1 store at ₹8,799. Xolo B700 4.3 inch Screen Dual SIM. From 1 store at ₹8,999. Xolo Win Q1000 4GB 4.5 inch Screen 512 MB RAM 4 GB ROM Android 4.4 Kitkat OS. From 1 store at ₹9,999. Xolo One 4.5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Android 4.4 Kitkat OS. From 1 store at ₹10,299. Xolo Q1000S 5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 16 GB ROM Android 4.2 Jelly Bean OS. From 1 store at ₹15,000. Xolo Q3000 5.7 inch Screen 2 GB RAM 16 GB ROM Android 4.2 Jelly Bean OS. From 1 store at ₹15,399. Xolo Black (3GB RAM) 5.5 inch Screen 3 GB RAM 16 GB ROM Android 5.0 Lollipop OS. From 1 store at ₹16,999. Xolo Era 5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Android 4.4 Kitkat OS. From 1 store at ₹4,494. Xolo Q600 Club 4.5 inch Screen 512 MB RAM 4 GB ROM Android 4.4 Kitkat OS. From 1 store at ₹4,799. Xolo A510s 4 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 4 GB ROM Android 4.2 Jelly Bean OS. From 1 store at ₹4,990. Xolo Q500s IPS 4 inch Screen 512 MB RAM 4 GB ROM Android 4.4 Kitkat OS. From 1 store at ₹4,999. Xolo Q700 Club 4.5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Android 4.2 Jelly Bean OS. From 1 store at ₹4,999. Xolo A500S IPS 4 inch Screen 512 MB RAM 4 GB ROM Android 4.2 Jelly Bean OS. From 1 store at ₹5,000. Xolo Win Q900s 4.7 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Windows Phone 8.1 OS. From 1 store at ₹5,255. Xolo A500 Club 4 inch Screen 512 MB RAM 4 GB ROM Android 4.2 Jelly Bean OS. From 1 store at ₹5,499. Xolo Q510s 4 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 8 GB ROM Android 4.4 Kitkat OS. From 1 store at ₹5,599. Xolo A600 4.5 inch Screen 512 MB RAM 4 GB ROM Android 4.2 Jelly Bean OS. From 1 store at ₹5,659. Xolo Q700S 4.5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 4 GB ROM Android 4.2 Jelly Bean OS. From 1 store at ₹5,705. Xolo A700s 4.5 inch Screen 1 GB RAM 4 GB ROM Android 4.2 Jelly Bean OS. From 1 store at ₹5,799. Xolo Q600 4.5 inch Screen 512 MB RAM 4 GB ROM Android 4.2 Jelly Bean OS. From 3 stores at ₹5,890. Showing page 1 out of 2. Upcoming Xolo Mobile Phones in India. The mobile phones listed below are the latest Xolo mobiles to be announced.You may also be interested in All Upcoming Xolo Mobiles Price in India. Best xolo Mobile Phones Price Xolo Era 3X ₹6,999 Xolo Era 2 ₹3,799 Xolo Era 3 ₹4,199 Xolo Era 1X ₹3,999 Xolo Era 2X ₹5,699 Xolo Era 2V ₹5,999 Xolo Era 1X Pro ₹5,280 Xolo Era 2X 3GB RAM ₹6,499 Xolo A500S ₹5,999 Xolo Cube 5.0 ₹7,699. 2000 (2367) Rs. 4999 (1428) Rs. 9999 (1245) Rs. 19999 (508) Rs. 29999 (134) Rs. Samsung (182) Xiaomi (35) Apple (46) Lenovo (86) Oppo (41) Vivo (33) Intex (404) Micromax (388) Karbonn (336) A-Star Zest (1) Lava (221) Videocon (148) Zen (185) IBall (149) Celkon (134) Nokia (116) Spice (145) LG (101) HTC (89) Huawei (59) Sansui (82) RAGE (76) Onida (33) Motorola (51) Maxx (17) Sony (70) jivi (78) Hitech (67) Gionee (62) Lemon (82) Panasonic (86) Xolo (76) Ziox (73) ZTE (32) Asus (54) Forme (51) Reach (46) M-Tech (61) BlackBerry (33) Adcom (55) i KALL (48) Infocus (45) Alcatel (34) Swipe (45) Rocktel (35) Kenxinda (25) Chilli (40) Trio (41) Gfive (23) LYF (33) Sony Ericsson (1) Fly (15) Salora (20) Mafe (26) MTech (38) I-Smart (29) Meizu (9) Itel (34) iSmart (29) Yxtel (15) Whitecherry (2) Kechaoda (28) A&K (25) Good One (11) Kara (23) Josh (24) BQ (23) Greenberry (16) ZOPO (25) Acer (6) Blu (13) HSL (25) Xillion (15) MTS (10) Xccess (21) BSNL (16) Arise (16) Maxfone (18) BlackZone (19) Infix (10) Coolpad (15) Cheers (14) Doogee (19) Philips (14) vell-com (6) Mido (14) Idea (16) Obi (14) Aqua (16) Wynncom (4) Wham (9) K-Touch (4) Microsoft (9) Gamma (11) Detel (4) Champion (16) Lima (10) Haier (10) blackbear (12) Peace (13) LeEco (6) Melbon (11) Daps (11) OnePlus (9) Vox (13) Callbar (7) Reliance (9) Ktouch (11) YU (10) Darago (5) MU Phone (10) DataWind (7) UNI (8) Tashan (3) Earth (12) Hpl (6) iVooMi (11) Oorie (6) Tork (8) Google (9) UI Phones (10) M-Horse (2) Microkey (6) Nuvo (8) AIEK (8) Elephone (5) Cubit (9) F-Fook (4) TYMES (8) Ulefone (9) iNew (8) Digimac (8) Speed (3) Nubia (5) Maxsus (2) M Tech (8) Poya (4) Zync (7) Xelectron (3) Mfone (7) T-Series (6) GABA (5) Ginger (5) Exmart (4) Brillon (2) Rivo (1) iberry (4) Blaupunkt (4) Phicomm (3) Fox Mobiles (6) Tecno (6) mphone (6) Infinix (6) 10 or (6) Wishtel (4) Vodafone (1) Hi-Tech (5) T-Max (5) Smartron (4) HEEMAX (3) UMI (2) Tara (2) Mitashi (5) Uniscope (1) Comio (4) LYCHEE (2) Kult (4) Viaan (2) G-Five (4) Croma (1) Yestel (4) TCL (3) SWINGTEL (4) Voicair (4) Yoocall (1) Monix (2) 10.or (5) Q-TEL (2) Corbytel (2) Sugar (2) Playzone (3) 10.or (Tenor) (6) YUHO (3) Rio (3) Good (1) Ringing Bells (1) Hyve (2) Phonemax (2) Coolpad Dazen (2) Fitbit (0) Jinga (1) Archos (1) Zeal (2) Letv (1) Voto (2) Xolt (2) Apple Tree (1) Factor (1) AOC (2) Tecmax (1) Hyundai (1) Navya (2) Sharp (1) Kodak (1) GGS (1) Doel (1) Smart One (2) Gigaset (2) Jio (2) Billion (2) Wiio (1) Zodiac (1) WHITE CHERRY (1) GoodOne (1) Hasee (1) Surya (1) Oplus (1) Arya (1) Tru (1) (1) Fastrack (1) Airtyme (1) vBera (1) iSafe (1) Nextbit (1) ICE (1) HP (0) Honor (1) HOMTOM (1) Karbon (1) Yota (1) Subway (1) Intel (1) Pebble (0) CAT (1) Vobizen (1) Neffos (1) Xlot (2). Smartphones (3201) Feature Phone (2519). Below 2 inch (936) 2 to 2.5 inch (1130) 2.6 to 3 inch (356) 3.1 to 3.5 inch (394) 3.6 to 4 inch (600) 4.1 to 4.5 inch (399) 4.6 to 5 inch (1170) 5.1 to 5.5 inch (569) 5.6 to 6 inch (133) Above 6 inch (17). GSM (5576) CDMA (26) GSM+CDMA (56). Android Phones (3067) iOS Phones (46) Windows Phones (44) Blackberry Phones (27) Tizen Phones (3) Others (2531). Android 1.0 (1) Android 1.6 Donut (1) Android 2.1 Eclair (2) Android 2.2 Froyo (9) Android 2.3 Gingerbread (58) Android 2.3.3 Gingerbread (1) Android 2.3.4 Gingerbread (5) Android 2.3.5 Gingerbread (23) Android 2.3.6 Gingerbread (11) Android 2.3.7 Gingerbread (1) Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich (72) Android 4.0.1 Ice Cream Sandwich (2) Android 4.0.3 Ice Cream Sandwich (7) Android 4.0.4 Ice Cream Sandwich (23) Android 4.1 Jelly Bean (104) Android 4.2 Jelly Bean (436) Android 4.3 Jelly Bean (52) Android 4.4 Kitkat (870) Android 5.0 Lollipop (168) Android 5.1.1 Lollipop (183) Android 6.0 Marshmallow (408) iOS 4 (3) iOS 5 (2) iOS 6 (3) iOS 7 (6) iOS 8 (8) iOS 9 (12) iOS 10 (6) iOS 11 (6) Windows Phone 7.5 (6) Windows Phone 7.8 (1) Windows Phone 8 (13) Windows Phone 8.1 (22) Windows Phone 10 (1) Blackberry 5.0 OS (4) Blackberry 6.0 OS (1) Blackberry 7.0 OS (5) Blackberry 7.1 OS (3) Blackberry 10 OS (1) Blackberry 10.1 OS (2) Blackberry 10.2.0 OS (3) Blackberry 10.2.1 OS (1) Blackberry 10.3.0 OS (2) Blackberry 10.3.1 OS (2) Tizen 2.3 (3) Tizen 3.0 (1) Symbian Belle (4) Other (2393) Android 5.1 Lollipop (197) Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow (48) Android 7.0 Nougat (228) Android 7.1 Nougat (26) Android 7.1.1 Nougat (30) Android 8.0 Oreo (12) Android 7.1.2 Nougat (13). Single SIM (466) Dual SIM (5228) Triple SIM (14) Four SIM (6). Single Core (180) Dual Core (658) Quad Core (1601) Octa Core (484) Hexa Core (26) Deca core (6). Apple A4 (3) Apple A5 (2) Apple A6 (6) Apple A7 (3) Apple A8 (8) Apple A9 (12) Nvidia Tegra 2 (4) Nvidia Tegra 3 (4) Samsung Exynos 3 (5) Samsung Exynos 4 (6) Samsung Exynos 5 (6) Samsung Exynos 7 (28) Snapdragon S1 (44) Snapdragon S2 (14) Snapdragon S3 (4) Snapdragon S4 (37) Snapdragon S4 Plus (13) Snapdragon 200 (59) Snapdragon 210 (11) Snapdragon 212 (1) Snapdragon 205 (1) Snapdragon 400 (98) Snapdragon 410 (36) Snapdragon 425 (15) Snapdragon 430 (31) Snapdragon 435 (12) Snapdragon 415 (1) Snapdragon 450 (2) Snapdragon 600 (38) Snapdragon 616 (6) Snapdragon 615 (19) Snapdragon 617 (8) Snapdragon 650 (5) Snapdragon 625 (27) Snapdragon 626 (4) Snapdragon 652 (13) Snapdragon 653 (4) Snapdragon 800 (54) Cortex-A5 (7) Cortex-A7 (18) Snapdragon 810 (8) Cortex-A9 (4) Snapdragon 820 (13) Snapdragon 821 (6) Snapdragon 835 (19) Intel Atom Z24xx (3) Snapdragon 801 (7) Snapdragon 630 (3) Snapdragon 805 (4) Snapdragon 808 (2) Snapdragon 636 (1) Intel Atom Z25xx (8) Intel Atom Z35xx (11) MediaTek 65xx (612) MediaTek 67xx (308) MediaTek Helio X10 (11) MediaTek Helio X20 (3) MediaTek 87xx (2) MediaTek Helio X25 (1) MediaTek Helio X23 (2) Spreadtrum (188) Broadcom (35) Hisilicon Kirin 620 (5) Hisilicon Kirin 910 (1) Hisilicon Kirin 920 (2) Hisilicon Kirin 930 (1) NovaThor (4) Marvell (4) Others (3504) Apple A10 (6) Apple A11 (6) Samsung Exynos 8 (7) Samsung Exynos 9 (1) HiSilicon Kirin 950 (1) HiSilicon Kirin 955 (1) MediaTek Helio P10 (17) MediaTek Helio P15 (1) HiSilicon Kirin 655 (3) HiSilicon Kirin 960 (2) MediaTek Helio P20 (5) MediaTek Helio P25 (8) HiSilicon Kirin 970 (1) MediaTek Helio P23 (1) HiSilicon Kirin 659 (5). 128 MB (26) 256 MB (331) 512 MB (715) 768 MB (27) 1 GB (1021) 1.5 GB (27) 2 GB (506) 3 GB (309) 4 GB (147) 6 GB (25) 8 GB (4). 2K (41) Full HD (420) HD (862) WXGA (5) Ultra HD (1) Quarter HD (230) FWVGA (647) WVGA (583) HVGA (468) QVGA (1306) VGA (262) 4K (3) Others (679). LCD (4542) AMOLED (176) OLED (9) Others (781). 1 GB and Below (2017) 2 GB (73) 2.9 GB (2) 3 GB (3) 4 GB (758) 8 GB (823) 16 GB (635) 32 GB (302) 64 GB (131) 128 GB (28) 256GB (6). 2 MP and Below (2756) 3 MP (101) 3.2 MP (211) 4 MP (5) 5 MP (869) 6.7 MP (2) 8 MP (816) 12 MP (80) 13 MP (589) 16 MP (90) 20 MP (16) 41 MP (2). 1 MP and Below (860) 1.1 MP (5) 1.2 MP (30) 1.3 MP (238) 1.6 MP (9) 1.9 MP (8) 2 MP (658) 2.1 MP (21) 2.2 MP (4) 3 MP (6) 3.2 MP (64) 3.7 MP (2) 5 MP (725) 8 MP (253) 13 MP (58). 1000 mAh and Below (926) 1001 - 1500 mAh (1281) 1501 - 2000 mAh (1517) 2001 - 2500 mAh (703) 2501 - 3000 mAh (635) Above 3000 mAh (430). 2G (2651) 3G (1692) 4G LTE (1159). Auto Focus (2082) Flash (3265) Optical Zoom (15) HD Recording (1449) Full HD Recording (776) 4K Recording (69) OIS (Optical Image Stabilization) (77) Dual Rear Camera (87). Facebook (2817) Twitter (2787) Maps (3125) Whatsapp (2810) Internet Browser (3213) E-mail (3212). Touchscreen (3351) Bluetooth (5653) WiFi (3247) Primary Camera (5641) Music Player (5673) Secondary Camera (3063) QWERTY (53) GPS (3209) FM Player (5589) Water Resistant (83) NFC (367) Wi-Fi Direct (714) Wi-Fi Hotspot (2067) Expandable Memory (5281) Quick Charging (208) Fingerprint Sensor (438) Dual Speakers (27) USB OTG (294) Bluetooth Apt-X (128) Bezel Less (19). Out Of Stock Clear. Finding a Xolo mobile phone on any of the online shopping websites is easy with websites like Tata Cliq, Flipkart, and Amazon featuring their latest models at highly competitive prices. With phones starting from as low as 4K, there are plenty of choices in these phones that users can opt. Excellent camera quality, screen resolution, right screen size and many other such features, make Xolo the preferred choice of mobile phones among mobile users. If you are trying to buy a Xolo mobile phone for the first time, then you should read the product specifications and the user reviews to be sure of the model. Before you buy online, make sure to use our price comparison tool that fetches prices from various stores and helps you to find the store with the best deal. Further, you can also check cash back offers and discounts for the product to avail it at the lowest price.. If you have a look at Xolo mobile price list, you'll notice that the company focussed on the entry-level and lower mid-range segment in the smartphone market. The company later used NVidia's Tegra line-up of processors in devices such as the Xolo Play Tegra tablet. Xolo also made a bunch of Windows Phone devices under the Xolo Win series. The company also tried its hand at Chromebooks with the Xolo Chromebook Laptop.. After the emergence of Chinese smartphone manufacturers like Xiaomi, OnePlus, Lenovo, and others, Xolo tried selling BLACK series of online-only smartphones, but didn't receive success. Its newer smartphones came with home-grown Hive UI, which was a good effort from an Indian brand. The company roped in Bollywood star Ayushmann Khurrana as its brand ambassador in 2013.. Prices mentioned above are the best (least) price available for each item across all stores. To get prices across all stores please select (click) a given Mobile. Prices may vary from store to store and from place to place based on different tax rates. Prices shown above are with bill and warranty. In case of any issues or discrepancy please contact us.. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Price Overview Images Complete Specs Competitors News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Not Available | Launch Date in India: 2015, July |. (2/5) 6 ratings Rate now. 13MP+2 MP Dual lens Primary Camera, 5 MP Front Camera. 5.5 inches 1080 x 1920 pixels. Octa core, 1.5 GHz, Cortex A53. Gorilla Glass OTG Supported. Xolo Black (Black) 9,999 Go to Store Xolo BLACK (Black, 16 GB)(2 GB RAM) 11,936 Go to Store. XOLO Black comes with a 5.5 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Octa core, 1.5 GHz, Cortex A53, Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 MSM8939 that is coupled with Adreno 405 GPU,. RAM and 16 GB Storage, 2/3 GB RAM default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 32 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the XOLO Black sports a 13 MP + 2 MP (Dual camera) with Yes, 1080p@30fps, Geo Tagging.. Up front, the smartphone from XOLO makes use of a 5 MegaPixels with LED flash selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the XOLO Black includes Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot, Yes, v4.0, Yes, microUSB v2.0, Yes, with A-GPS support.. The XOLO Black gets the power from a Li-Po 3200 mAh battery.. The XOLO Black runs Android OS, v5.0 Lollipop.. The smartphone is priced at Rs. Amazon, Flipkart and leading offline stores.. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v5.0 Lollipop Device type Smart Phone ANNOUNCED Global Release Date 2015, July Indian Release Date 2015, July BODY Dimensions 155.5 x 76.6 x 7.3 mm Weight 139 g DISPLAY Screen size 5.5 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD PROCESSOR CPU Octa core, 1.5 GHz, Cortex A53 GPU Adreno 405 Chipset Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 MSM8939 STORAGE Internal Storage 16 GB Storage, 2/3 GB RAM External Storage Up to 32 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 13 MP + 2 MP (Dual camera) Front Camera 5 MegaPixels with LED flash Video Recording Yes, 1080p@30fps Camera Features Geo Tagging MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, AMR-NB, Wav, AAC Video Player MPEG4, H263,H.264, .MP4 Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Li-Po 3200 mAh battery Stand by Up to 736 hrs Talk time Up to 36 hrs CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot Bluetooth Yes, v4.0 Infrared Port NA USB Yes, microUSB v2.0 GPS Facility Yes, with A-GPS support Browser Yes, HTML5 3G Speed HSDPA , LTE NETWORK SUPPORT 3G WCDMA 900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz (Dual Sim) 4G LTE. 3 GB 13MP. Samsung Galaxy On Nxt (16GB - 3GB RAM). 3 GB 13MP. Samsung Galaxy J7 Nxt (32GB - 3GB RAM). 3 GB 13MP. 10.or G (64GB - 4GB RAM). 4 GB 13MP. Xolo Black Launched at Rs 12,999: The 5.5-inch Display, Dual Camera Smartphone is coming to Flipkart November 02, 2015. Following the path of Micromax's Yu brand, the home-grown smartphone maker Xolo has now come up with a new smartphone, available only in the online market. Click Here For The Latest Smartphone Gallery Yes, we're talking about the. XOLO Era 2X (16GB - 3GB RAM). About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Xolo Black 1X Rivals and Competitors. Phone Rivals Click on a rival to jump to it. Thin body, measuring less than 7.5mm/0.3inches (0.29 inches). Common for both Pros & Cons. Low pixel density screen (294 ppi). Common for both Pros & Cons. Common for both Pros & Cons. Low pixel density screen (294 ppi). Common for both Pros & Cons. Low pixel density screen (294 ppi). Common for both Pros & Cons. Lacks microSD slot for storage expansion. Common for both Pros & Cons. Common for both Pros & Cons. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
We would like to send you awesome offers!. Notifications can be turned off anytime from settings.. Sorry!! No result found for "OK".Please press enter for search.. If you are a new user. Please refresh the page and try again.. Please refresh the page and try again.. New product price is lower than exchange product price. Please check the updated No Cost EMI details on the payment page. Exchange offer is not applicable with this product. Exchange Offer cannot be clubbed with Bajaj Finserv for this product. Product price & seller has been updated as per Bajaj Finserv EMI option. Your item has been added to Shortlist.. Your Item has been added to Shopping List. Remove below items from the cart. Return form will be sent to your email Id:. Want this item in next 24 hours?. Get an instant SMS with a link to download the Snapdeal App. Please Enter a Valid 10 Digit Number.. Yes, Send Me A Link To The App. XOLO BLACK (16 GB) is sold out.. You have reached the maximum number of selection. You can select only upto 4 items to compare.. You have already selected this product.. This product has been sold out. We will let you know when in stock. You will be notified when this product will be in stock. Dial *#06# to get your IMEI Number. In case of device support issues, try new Snapdeal App. Exchange device should not be broken & it should be in working condition.. Try new Snapdeal App for higher exchange discount. Exchange device should not be broken & it should be in working condition.. Screen Size (in cm):13.97 cm (5.5). Handset, Charger Adapter,USB Cable/Data Cable, User manual, Warranty Card,Screen Guard. Call Waiting, Call Forwarding, Call Conferencing. HIVE ATLAS Built On Android 5.0. Google Search, Maps, Gmail, Youtube, Calendar, Google Talk, McAfee Security, Hive Apps(Connect, Edge, Comet, etc.) Vodafone Music, MyVodafone. Dual 13 MP & 2 MP. UbiFocus, Fast Auto Focus, ChromaFlash, OptiZoom, Scene detection & tuning, Panaroma, Geo tagging, HDR,Burst mode. 13MP Camera: Purecel sensor, 1.12um, F2.0, 5P Lens, 2MP Camera:1.75um, F2.4, 3P. 4G: LTE (FDD) - Band 3 (1800), LTE (TD) - Band 40 (2300). 2G:up to 36 Hrs 6 mins; 3G: up to 23 Hrs 31 mins. 2G: up to 736 Hrs; 3G: up to 699 Hrs, 4G: up to 547 Hrs. Android 5.0 Lollipop Operating System (OS) with HIVE UI. NDTV Cell Guru Verdic t -. “XOLO BLACK is a winner with perfect pricing”. Packed with sleek aesthetics along with high-end features, the new XOLO BLACK. is ready to sweep you off your feet. With 4G LTE support and innumerable connectivity options like Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth etc., this dual SIM smartphone easily meets your active lifestyle and business requirements. It runs on the 2nd-gen Snapdragon 615 Processor along with the latest Android Lollipop operating system. You can play entertaining games, listen to music, download movies, click stunning snapshots and always stay entertained with one of the best Android smartphone brought to you by Xolo. You can buy XOLO BLACK at best price along with 1 year Xolo India warranty only at Snapdeal.. Get ready for high speed internet connectivity with XOLO BLACK. that comes with 4G LTE support. With a download speed of 150 Mbps and upload speed of 51 Mbps , this smartphone allow you to browse web without waiting. It supports 4G: LTE (FDD) - Band 3 (1800), LTE (TD) - Band 40 (2300).. With Hybrid dual SIM design ,. facilitates you to either use the smartphone as a dual SIM phone (1 Micro SIM + 1 Nano SIM) or as a Single SIM (Micro SIM) with a microSD card. Additionally, both the SIM cards support 4G/3G/2G networks. However, if you are using 4G in SIM 1 then SIM 2 should be 2G.. How about watching your favourite videos on the large 13.97 cm (5.5) Full HD IPS OGS display ?. enhances your viewing experience and makes your image come alive at 1920 x 1080 pixels screen resolution along with a pixel density of 401 PPI.. The HD display is excellent for reading e-books, playing games and watching movies. With IPS (In-plane switching) display technology , Black gives you a wide 178°vieiwng angle with reduced glare. The OGS full lamination display offers a thinner screen, slim design and a more responsive touchscreen. Additionally, the corning Gorilla Glass 3 on both sides (rear and front) makes it more durable and scratch resistant while the Oleophobic coating keeps it smudge-free.. Power packed with the sweetest Android 5.0 Lollipop OS along with Hive Atlas UI , the XOLO BLACK smartphone thrills you with a seamless smartphone experience. The user-friendly HIVE UI is different from the stock android. It enables the users to connect, create and collaborate with highly active and enthusiastic HIVE user community. HIVE also offers wide array of creative themes, enhanced reading mode, underground feature for your personal data, Comet browser and other easy to use features.. Additionally, this smartphone comes with Adreno 405 (550 MHz) GPU that gives you an enthralling gaming experience.. Wait less and do more with the power of the advanced 1.5 GHz Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 615 Processor with 64-bit CPU architecture. The 64-bit processing offers a combined power of four cores running on 1.5 GHz ARM® Cortex™ A53 and another four cores running on 1.0 GHz A53 CPUs. an extremely powerful device with outstanding battery life. Enjoy watching your favourite videos without any time lag with Xolo. GB of RAM speeds up the performance of the smartphone and facilitates faster multitasking at low power consumption.. How about capturing your favourite moments forever?. comes with a revolutionary 13 MP + 2 MP rear camera for capturing life-like images infused with superior clarity and picturesque details. This autofocus and flash enabled rear camera is perfect for capturing all important moments of your life.. gives you the power of two lenses, one for regular imaging and the other for recording the depth of the image. This smartphone supports full HD (1080P) video recording. Additionally, you can also add unique effects to the already captured images. It offers advanced camera technologies like:. Fast Focus : With a focus speed of just 0.15 seconds, this smartphone is perfect for catching those fleeting moments of life.. Ubifocus: With Ubifocus you can focus or refocus on the objects of your choice, post shoot.. ChromaFlash: Get perfect snapshots in any light condition with ChromaFlash. It quickly takes two snaps, one with flash and other without flash. The final single image that you get is a perfect blend of optimum brightness and rich colours.. Optizoom: Optizoom captures up to 12 images in burst mode and then gives a final image with enhanced precision and edge-to-edge clarity.. Flaunt your best face forward with. It features a 5 MP front camera with 81° wide angle lens and flash that enables you to click stunning selfies even in low light condition. The front camera also connects you to your loved ones via high quality video calling. Photoshop is a Passé! Xolo smartphone enables you to enhance your pictures like a pro with Photo Studio (powered by Adobe).. Are you looking for a smartphone that accommodates anything that you love? If yes, then. will certainly impress you with its incredible storage capacity. It offers an outstanding 16 GB of internal memory (approx. 11 GB User Memory) for storing all your favourite multimedia files. However, if you still require some additional space in the phone you can expand the memory of the device up to 32 GB by using a microSD card .. Do you love music? If yes, then. has something exciting for you! Enjoy listening to your favourite music tracks with Xolo that optimizes the audio experience for selected headsets – JBL, Skullcandy, Creative, Panasonic and Sennheiser. Moreover, the FM Radio entertains you with the latest songs and other entertaining Radio programmes on-the-go.. How about sharing your latest pictures on Facebook? With. by your side, you’ll always be connected with your world 24 x 7. Access your inbox, transfer files, post updates on social networking sites, watch your favourite videos, work on your business projects and explore web at superfast speed with Xolo. It offers innumerable connectivity options such as USB OTG, WLAN Support, Bluetooth 4.0, Wi-Fi, USB 2.0 high speed, Wi-Fi hotspot, GPS + GLONASS. Loaded with a powerful 3200 mAh Li-Pol non-removable battery , the. smartphone entertains you for a longer time in a single charge. With Qualcomm® Quick Charge™ 1.0 technology , this smartphone offers 20 % more output. Additionally, the advanced 2 Amp charger charges your phone up to 40% faster with no heating issues .. at best price only at Snapdeal and avail 1 year Xolo India warranty along with your purchase. In case of any manufacturing defect in your product you may contact the nearest authorized Xolo India service centre to avail a free service within the warranty period.. Xolo has over 330 service centres in India to resolve any issues related to hardware and software on spot. You can also contact Xolo through their toll free number 1860-3010-0104 (Monday to Saturday - 10:00 am to 7.00 pm) and they will divert you to the nearest service centre.. Launched in early 2012, Xolo is an Indian smart devices brand by Lava International. With its head office in Noida, Xolo is the first brand to launch NVIDIA® TEGRA® 4 powered tablet in India. It has always been a leader of mobile technology since its inception and has a stronghold in the mid to high-end smartphone segment.. “XOLO BLACK is tall, dark and handsome”. “We like this phone, and we think you'll like too”. “BLACK is by far the best device we have seen from XOLO in terms of specs and easily the best ever from the brand in terms of design”. “XOLO Black is powerful, looks beautiful, its eye catchy and the dual camera is an added advantage.”. “When you take pictures with BLACK's dual rear camera, it gives you almost DSLR kind of depth. We tried the Dual lens camera and were quite impressed with the results”. “Recently we reviewed the Xiaomi Mi4i which runs the exact same processor and same amount of RAM and that got really warm; BALCK stays. In fact, we would say this phone remains cool as a cucumber”. “BLACK comes with impressive battery of 3200 mAh which gives 12 to 14 hours of usage even on a 4G connection”. “If you want something unique, you should go for XOLO BLACK as it comes with unique HIVE UI”. The images represent actual product though color of the image and product may slightly differ.. For warranty-related claims, please contact the brand service centre.. Was this information helpful to you?. Thank You for submitting your response.. Expand your business to millions of customers. More Mobile Phones From Xolo. Got a question? Look no further.. Browse our FAQs or submit your query here.. Download the app and get exciting. app only offers at your fingertips. Please enter a valid email address.. Register now to get updates on promotions and. About Snapdeal – India’s Ultimate Online Shopping Site. Snapdeal’s vision is to create India’s most reliable and frictionless commerce ecosystem that creates life-changing experiences for buyers and sellers. In February 2010, Kunal Bahl along with Rohit Bansal, started Snapdeal.com - India’s largest online shopping marketplace, with the widest assortment of 35 million plus products across 800 plus diverse categories from over 125,000 regional, national, and international brands and retailers. With millions of users and more than 300,000 sellers, Snapdeal is the online shopping site for Internet users across the country, delivering to 6000+ cities and towns in India. In its journey till now, Snapdeal has partnered with several global marquee investors and individuals such as SoftBank, BlackRock, Temasek, Foxconn, Alibaba, eBay Inc., Premji Invest, Intel Capital, Bessemer Venture Partners, Mr. Online Shopping – A Boon The trend of online shopping is becoming a household name and so is Snapdeal. Snapdeal is the preferred choice of hundreds of thousands of online shoppers given its mammoth assortment of 15 million+ products, quick delivery even to the remotest corners of the country, and daily deals, discounts & offers to make products available at slashed down prices to our valuable customers. Get Started! Shop Online Today at Snapdeal If you have been missing out on all the fun of online shopping thinking it requires one to be a technology aficionado then we have good news for you. Shopping online particularly at Snapdeal is a child’s play; all you need is a mobile phone or laptop or tablet with Internet connection to get started. Simply log into Snapdeal.com and browse through the wide assortment of products across categories. Once you have zeroed in on your favorite products, simply place the order by filling in the details; the products will be delivered right at your doorstep. Fulfill Your Entrepreneurial Dreams! Sell Today at Snapdeal Thanks to easy-to-understand, flexible policies and SD Advisors to help sellers at each step, anyone from a manufacturer to wholesaler to retailer can sell on Snapdeal. Begin your entrepreneurial journey with Snapdeal as a seller by filling a simple registration form here. Once the registration process is done, you can start selling your products to the entire country by sitting at your home or office. Doesn't it sound thrilling? Of course, it is and the excitement will build up with every order you receive! Start selling at Snapdeal today and see your business reach staggering heights. Shop on the Go – Install Snapdeal App Today! You can shop for your favourite products at Snapdeal even on the go using Snapdeal App. Available for both Android and Apple users, the app can be downloaded from Google Play Store and Apple App Store respectively. The app is quick, user-friendly, and enables shoppers buy products with a breeze. What's more, get timely notifications on your phone or tablet so that you don't miss amazing deals and offers. Download the app right now and experience how fun it is to shop on your mobile!. Copyright © 2017, Jasper Infotech Private Limited. 
Find a Store for Local Pricing and Availability. Cell phones today are more than just a way to talk to other people – they’re practically all-in-one electronic devices. You likely use your phone to send text messages, listen to music, and play games on a daily basis, to name just a few. All of these activities have one thing in common: they quickly drain your phone’s battery. Batteries Plus Bulbs can help you keep your phone charged and ready to go with our selection of Xolo Black chargers.. Related Products for "Xolo Black Cell Phone Chargers". 1 - 7 of 7 | View. Plugs into any standard wall outlet (110V). 3 foot micro USB connector cord included. 2 USB ports (1 amp & 2.1 amp). Black Micro USB Charger For Xolo Black Cell Phone. Ideal for charging Android phones and tablets. Connect your PC peripherals such as hard drives, printers, and more. Black Micro USB Cable for Xolo Black Cell Phone. 3 foot Micro-USB to USB cord. 3 amp DC with two USB ports: one 2.1 amp and one 1 amp output. DC Micro-USB Charger for Xolo Black Cell Phone. Black Keychain Micro-USB Charge Cable for Xolo Black Cell Phone. Very durable and flexible 5 inch cable. Green USB to Micro-USB 5 Inch Charge Cable for Xolo Black Cell Phone. Green Keychain Micro-USB Charge Cable for Xolo Black Cell Phone. Back up power for any device using a USB power cord. Provides up to 7 hours of runtime. External Battery Pack Charger Xolo Black Cell Phone. Chemistry: Nickel Cadmium, Nickel Metal Hydride. We stock AC, DC, and USB Chargers for your Xolo Black cell phone so that you can keep your phone going no matter where you are. Use your DC charger to power your phone through your car during a long commute, then switch to the USB you keep on your desk at work. Stuck in an airport? Keep a spare AC charger to plug into any standard 110-120VAC wall outlet. Thanks to our versatile selection, you never have to fear a dead cell phone battery again.. Chargers are a phone’s best friend, but occasionally you’ll find yourself somewhere where you’re completely unable to charge your phone. Batteries Plus Bulbs has you covered there, too. We’ve got portable battery packs that can provide emergency power to your Xolo Black phone in a pinch.. We strive to provide the best price available on BatteriesPlus.com and in our stores. Store pricing may vary from the price advertised on BatteriesPlus.com. Fees may apply for recycling, environmental disposal, and/or labor/installation.. All registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Duracell is a registered trademark of Duracell U.S. 
Press alt + / to open this menu. See more of Xolo Black on Facebook. See more of Xolo Black on Facebook. English (UK) · 中文(简体) · Bahasa Indonesia · Español · Português (Brasil). Privacy · Terms · Advertising · AdChoices · Cookies ·. · 12 February at 05:16 ·. Auto Expo 2018 New Car Launches: ALL IN ONE, Concept Cars, Hyundai, TATA, maruti Suzuki, Kia, Honda https://youtu.be/yc5u5mww488. Auto Expo 2018 New Car Launches: ALL IN ONE, Concept Cars, Hyundai, TATA, maruti Suzuki, Kia, Honda. Auto Expo 2018 New Car Launch News Maruti, Hundai, Honda, Kia, Tata, Mahindra. Follow Me on Instagram: ⏺ http://www.instagram.com/iammh .... · 1 February at 07:46 ·. Mobile Covers in Only 3 Rs. earphones 10 Rs Whole Sale Market https://youtu.be/qUU0GqpSdac. Cheapest Mobile Cover, Tempered Glass, Earphones, USB,OTG ,Laptop Repair NEHRU PLACE DELHI MARKET. Cheapest Mobile Cover, Tempered Glass, Laptop Repair NEHRU PLACE DELHI MARKET Subscribe Me Here : https://goo.gl/WH6cFF Teflon Coating At Home : https://yout.... · 25 January ·. Android 9.0 P Update List Supported Phones getting Android P http://www.rootupdate.com/…/android-9-0-p-update-list-suppo…. Android 9.0 P Update List: Phones getting Android P. Android 9.0 P Update List: Supported Devices getting Android P in 2018 Android 9.0 P Update List Names is Here Google released the highly popular Android 8.0 a. · 18 January ·. Android 9.0 Name, Features and Release Date 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 http://www.rootupdate.com/…/android-9-0-p-name-features-rel…. Android 9.0 P: Name, Features, Release Date and Rumor. Android 9.0 P Name, Release Date and Features Android 9.0 P Name Release Date India: So do you want to Know Android 9.0 Name and Android 9.0 Release Date? if y. · 13 January ·. How to Use Whatsapp in Jio Phone 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 http://www.rootupdate.com/…/…/use-whatsapp-jio-phone-4g.html. How to Use Whatsapp in Jio Phone Trick. How to Install Whatsapp in JioPhone 4G So do you want to Use Whatsapp in jiophone? If yes then you are at right place. Today we are here with the guide on How. · 27 December 2017 ·. JACKETS WHOLESALE MARKET JAFRABAD DELHI 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 https://youtu.be/hKwaI9wmylk. JACKET WHOLESALE MARLKET JAFARABAD CHEAPEST JACKETS MARKET INDIA. JACKET WHOLESALE MARLKET JAFARABAD SEELAMPUR CHEAPEST JACKET MARKET INDIA. Watch the Full Video to Know about Cheapest Jacket market. · 23 December 2017 ·. Leather Jackets for Only 250 Rs Palika Bazar New Delhi https://youtu.be/378mE-7i3nY. Cheap JACKETS Delhi | Leather Jackets In Palika Bazar | Cheap Jackets for MEN/WOMEN/KIDS. Delhi Palika Bazar Woolen And Leather Jackets in Delhi Wholesale Market : This is The Video on Cheap Wholesale Market for Leather and Woolen Jackets in Delhi.... · 5 May 2017 ·. <3 India's Biggest Giveaway 2017 <3 Participate to Win Xiaomi redmi 4A for free and a lot More Prizes Waiting .. { India Giveaway 2017 } Free Redmi 4A Android Mobile and Lots of More Gifts. India Giveaway 2017, Get free Android Mobile in India , Free Xiaomi Redmi 4A. · 25 April 2017 ·. Reliance Jio 3G Sim Launch Date <3 Where to Buy Watch Now : https://youtu.be/9sG_WgKELec. Reliance Jio 3G Sim Launch Date | कहाँ से BUY करें | कब Release Date है. Jio 3G Sim, Jio 3G Sim card, Jio 3G Sim for 3G Handsets : So do you want to know when will the Jio 3G Sim card will be launched in india ? and want to know w.... · 19 April 2017 ·. Xiaomi Mi 6 Launched With 6Gb ram know more here https://youtu.be/MQoTJQeeejw. Xiaomi Mi6 Official Launch Video - Mi 6 Full Video 2017 Flagship. Xiaomi Mi6 Has been Introduced and Xiaomi Mi 6 is Now official, This video Is the Official Launch Of Xiaomi Mi6. Subscribe us Here :- https://goo.gl/mZKLWG .... · 14 April 2017 ·. Join Our Whatsapp Group For All Smartphone Related Problems <3 https://chat.whatsapp.com/4V4QIPYINPg2e0pGdjECv0. · 11 April 2017 ·. Vodafone Which One Is Best In Network Coverage https://youtu.be/fNa64lAWmG4. Airtel in Manali Hills : My Genuine Opinions. Airtel vs Idea in Manali Hills, so Recently i visited To Manali And there i compared All 3 Major Networks and I was shocked with the Perform.... · 4 April 2017 ·. Reliance Jio 4G Laptop Launched <3 Review Price and Specifications Here :- https://youtu.be/COoOy2UniI4. Reliance Jio 4G Laptop Review, Price, Specifications and Release date. Jio 4G Laptop price, Reliance Jio 4G Laptop Release date, Reliance Jio 4G Laptop Specifications : Reliance has been killing the Market these days. · 31 March 2017 ·. Reliance Jio Free Net Again Extended Here is How to Enroll yourself for Jio Summer Surprise https://youtu.be/Kb-nVpfLt6k. Reliance Jio Summer Surprise Details, Free Net Again for 3 Months. Reliance Jio Summer Surprise Post, Details about the Reliance Jio Summer Surprise Programme has been shared in this Video.Jio has announced its ‘Jio Summer S.... · 25 March 2017 ·. Oppo f3 Plus review https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOZmNc302gw. Oppo F3 Plus Review - Worth at 30,990 ?. Oppo f3 plus has been launched at 30,990 rupees in india and the smartphone comes with a massive 6 inch screen along with dual Secondary cameras. · 19 March 2017 ·. Android 8.0 Oreo Update List Released <3 Names of Devices Update to Android 8.0 Oreo http://www.rootupdate.com/…/names-of-devices-updating-to-an…. List of Devices Updating to Android 8.0 O Oreo. Android 8.0 Oreo Update ListContents1 Android 8.0 Oreo Update List2 Name of Android Smartphone that will update to Android 8.0 Oreo3 List of Samsung smartphones Updating to Android 8.0 Oreo.4 List of Sony Smartphones updating to Android 8.0 O Oreo .5 List of Lg Devices Upgrading to Android 8.0 O Ore.... · 17 March 2017 ·. Coolpad Note 5 Lite Review <3 The Best Phone Under 10,000 ? http://www.rootupdate.com/…/03/coolpad-note-5-lite-review.h…. Coolpad Note 5 Lite Review - Root Update. Coolpad Note 5 Lite review, Review of Coolpad Note 5 Review Lite, Coolpad Note 5 Lite Camera review, Coolpad Note 5 Lite Battery Life Review. · 27 February 2017 ·. How to Remove Number from truecaller list ? Unlist your Number from truecaller Directory <3 http://www.rootupdate.com/…/unlist-remove-number-name-truec…. Quickly Unlist and Remove Your Number from truecaller - Root Update. How to Unlist number from truecaller, Do you want to Delete Number from truecaller list? we are Here to Remove number from truecaller list, Remove Name. 
Hot Deals Apps Auto Tech Mobiles Internet Laptops Compare How-To Opinions Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Subscribe Advertise. Menu Top10 Reviews News & Launches In Depth MWC 2018 Forum SKOAR Hot Deals Languages:. Click here to catch all the action live. Mobiles Help Me Buy Laptops Auto Tech Internet Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Buy Digit Subscribe Current/ past issue Advertise Devworx Ask Digit. हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी മലയാളം தமிழ் भोजपुरी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ অসমীয়া اردو. Digit Mobile Phones Xolo Xolo Black. Xolo Black Brief Description Xolo Black Specification. Subscribe here to further receive Related Stories, Product Reviews, Launches & Best Deals. Since this device is currently not available for purchase, please leave you email to be informed of it's price & availability in future.. Xolo Black Price in India 12999 /-. Xolo Black was launched in May 2017 & runs on Android 5 OS. The Smartphone provides a host of connectivity options in terms of 3G, 4G, GPS Bluetooth capabilities. The phone is available with 16 GB of internal storage.. The Smartphone is powered by 1.7 Ghz Octa core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 Processor. A 2 GB of RAM & Adreno 405 graphics processor ensures phone runs smoothly even the most memory intensive applications & still shows no signs of lag. 16 GB of internal storage can be expanded to 32 GB via a microSD card.. The Phone comes with a large 3200 mAh battery to support it's 5.5 inch screen with IPS LCD Capacitive touchscreen display having a resolution of 1080 x 1920 at 401 ppi. The screen is also protected by a durable Scratch Resistant glass.. Xolo Black comes with a 13 megapixel rear Camera and 2 megapixel front Camera.. Xolo Black Price In India Starts From Rs. The price of Xolo Black in India is Rs.12999. This phone is available in 16 GB storage variants.. Honor 6X (Gold, 32GB). Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB). Honor 9i (Graphite Black, 64.... Write a Review on Xolo Black. Xolo Black 1X may launch by October end. Xolo is reportedly planning to release Xolo Black 1X by the end of the October. The smartphone will be a successor to the Xolo Black launched earlier.... Xolo teases upcoming XOLO Black smartphone. Xolo has posted a new video of an upcoming phone from its upcoming sub-brand called Black. We already know Xolo is gearing up to launch its Black.... Xolo announces Black 1X with 3GB RAM and 32GB ROM, for Rs. Xolo has announced the Black 1X smartphone. The device comes with a 5-inch Full HD On-Cell IPS Display with 441ppi resolution. The first smartphone under the Xolo Black brand&nbsp;was launched&nbsp;today and it is simply called Xolo Black. Other Popular Deals In Xolo Mobile Phones Popular. Xolo Era 2X Popular in Mobile Phones. Tenor (10.or E) 3GB 32 GB. Honor 6X (Gold, 32GB). Lenovo K8 Note (Venom Black,.... OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB.... Xolo Black comparison Compare Xolo Black vs. Micromax Canvas Sliver 5 Compare Xolo Black vs. Videocon Cube 3 Compare Xolo Black vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 32GB Compare Xolo Black vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Compare Xolo Black vs. Xiaomi Mi A1 Compare Xolo Black vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Compare Xolo Black vs. Xiaomi Redmi Y1 64GB Compare Xolo Black vs. Moto G5S Plus Compare Xolo Black vs. Nokia 6 Compare Xolo Black vs. 10.or E (Beyond Black, 3 GB). Lenovo K8 Note (Venom Black,.... Lenovo K8 Plus (Venom Black, 32.... Moto C Plus (Pearl White, 16... 6999 /- Lenovo K8 Note (Venom Black,... 10999 /- Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB) 10999 /-. ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE PRIVACY TERMS SITEMAP HTML. Digit caters to the largest community of tech buyers, users and enthusiasts in India. The all new Digit.in continues the legacy of Thinkdigit.com as one of the largest portals in India committed to technology users and buyers. Digit is also one of the most trusted names when it comes to technology reviews and buying advice and is home to the Digit Test Lab, India's most proficient center for testing and reviewing technology products.. We are about leadership – the 9.9 kind! Building a leading media company out of India. And, grooming new leaders for this promising industry.. Copyright © 2007-14 Nine Dot Nine Mediaworx Pvt. 
