GSM 900 / 1800 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 145.5 x 72 x 8.5 mm (5.73 x 2.83 x 0.33 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~65.8% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~294 ppi density). Android 5.1.1 (Lollipop), planned upgrade to 6.0 (Marshmallow). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, panorama, HDR. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. XOLO Era X - user opinions and reviews. 8mp camera result verty poor, update camera result.. I bought this device on 2016 april. This has poor battery capacity & alsi 3 hours to take fully charged. In lolipop version i found viruses , unwanted games automatically download. after upgrading to marshmallow problem solved. Update to marshmallow and so problems are solved. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. XOLO Era 2X XOLO Era 1X XOLO Black 1X XOLO Era 4K XOLO Era 2 XOLO Era 4G. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Xolo Era X. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Xolo Era X smartphone was launched in February 2016. The phone comes with a 5.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels at a PPI of 294 pixels per inch. Xolo Era X price in India starts from Rs. The Xolo Era X is powered by 1.5GHz quad-core Spreadtrum SC9830A processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 8GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Xolo Era X packs a 8-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Xolo Era X runs Android 5.1 and is powered by a 2500mAh removable battery. It measures 145.50 x 72.00 x 8.45 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 140.00 grams. The Xolo Era X is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Regular and Regular. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Compass Magnetometer, Proximity sensor, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. KEY SPECS NEWS Price in india. Xolo Era X With 4G Support, 5-Inch Display Launched at Rs. More Xolo mobiles Xolo mobiles price in India. Xolo Era X Price in India Era X (Black, 8GB) Rs. Release date February 2016 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 145.50 x 72.00 x 8.45 Weight (g) 140.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2500 Removable battery Yes Colours Black. Screen size (inches) 5.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 294. Processor 1.5GHz quad-core Processor make Spreadtrum SC9830A RAM 2GB Internal storage 8GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 32. Rear camera 8-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Regular GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 SIM Type Regular GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer Yes Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer No Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Xolo Era X. 3.9 Out of 5. 5 Star 5 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star 2. Displaying review(s) 1- 5 of 6 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. does it have a gyro sensor. By Satya Raj | 30 Jun 2016. ive seen some sites that there is no gyro sensor mentioned but here it says that it comes with the sensor..... i am facing some douuts nw... so i cant wate my money. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. The best all-round performance one can think of,no match to any other aub 10k mobile,though being just priced at 5499. By Krishanu bajaj | 21 Aug 2016. Using Android since few years,used more than 10 sets ranging to 5000 and 20000,this Xolo era x is the best with every feature it provides,v fast ,user friendly, well priced, sleek,good camera ,4g,nice nice. .really impressed, suggest everyone to buy,dnt give any other phn a thought even Samsung j2. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 2 people found this review helpful. fabulous phone each function is working fabulous and what i have to say outstanding. camera of this phone is excellent. By Sunil Kumar | 20 Apr 2016. battery back up is also very good and the gorilla glass which is fantastic. it is nice that it will upgrade 5.1 to 6.0 by upgrading its performance also increase .. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Abhishek Chhabra | 8 Mar 2016. best camera, new upgradeable in marshmallow, also quality is ok.i'm happy to buy this cell. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 4 out of 5 people found this review helpful. By Girijesh Kumar Yadav | 25 Sep 2016. i bought this phone 2 times replaced. data transfer via wifi/h.spot not working proper so do not buy worst mobile.... Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 2 people found this review helpful. Xolo Era X With 4G Support, 5-Inch Display Launched at Rs. Xolo Era 3 Xolo Era 2V Xolo Era 3X Xolo Era 1X Pro Xolo Era 2X Xolo Era 2 Xolo Era 1X Xolo Era 4G Xolo Era 4K Xolo 8X-1000i Xolo One HD Xolo Era HD Xolo Black 1X Xolo Black Xolo Era Xolo Cube 5.0 Xolo Prime Xolo LT2000 Xolo Q1001 Xolo Q600 Club Xolo A1010 Xolo Win Q1000 Xolo Q520s Xolo 8X-1020 Xolo Q700 Club Xolo Q900s Plus Xolo Omega 5.5 Xolo Omega 5.0 Xolo Opus 3. Lenovo Vibe K5 Plus Xolo Era X vs. Karbonn K9 Smart Xolo Era X vs. Micromax Canvas Play 4g vs. Micromax Canvas Juice 2 Xolo Era X vs. Karbonn Quattro L50 Hd vs. Karbonn Titanium Mach Five Xolo Era X vs. Intex Cloud 4g Star vs. Yu Yuphoria Xolo Era X vs. Infocus M330 Intex Aqua Hd 5 5 vs. Xolo Era X Iball Andi 5 5h Weber 4g vs. Xolo Era X Panasonic Eluga I3 vs. Intex Aqua Craze Lenovo A6600 Plus vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Xolo Era X in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. XOLO Era X is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. XOLO Era X Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Setup in 2012, XOLO is an Indian brand which primarily deals in mid-range Android smartphones. It is owned by Lava International.. Xolo has over 1200 service centres in India.. Overview User Reviews Specs competitors Q&A. XOLO Era X details Read more. Excellent gestures Good configuration Front LED flash Affordable. Non-removable battery No Full HD display. The XOLO Era X with its sharp shooters scores well in all the fields. The screen size is ideal for the ones who prefer compact phones. The best part is that is it can easily be upgraded to v6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system. Looking at the budget and specs, the device seems worthy to be pocketed.. One of the best low budget phones. The XOLO Era X exhibits a 5.0-inch IPS LCD HD (720 x 1280 pixels) display with a pixel density of 294ppi. Acting as the brain of the device, is a 1.5GHz quad-core processor seated on MediaTek chipset for driving the system. For further assistance, there is a Mali-400 MP2 graphic engine and 2GB RAM. The dual SIM handset runs on Android v5.1 (Lollipop) operating system and is available in black colour.. In order to click pictures, the user can rely on an 8MP main camera inclusive of autofocus, digital zoom, and LED flash. The other inbuilt camera features include Smile Detection, Slow Motion Video Capture, Panorama, Burst Mode, Location Capture and HDR. One can record 720p HD videos and share it on social networking sites. For selfie lovers, there is a 5MP front shooter inclusive of LED flash which captures good pictures even in darkness. On the storage ground, the device houses an internal memory of 8GB which can be further expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card.. The device sips it juice from a 2,500mAh removable battery which claims to render a talktime up to 16 hours 43mins on 2G and 10 hours 35 mins at 3G. The users can enjoy Web browsing (on WiFi network) up to 6 hours 28 mins and Music Playback (using wired Headset) up to 25 hrs 4 mins. In terms of video, the device offers a Total Video Playback Time upto 5 hours 18 mins via internal Speakers and 6 hrs 14 mins using wired Headset. For networking and sharing, the device offers GPRS, EDGE, 3G, 4G (supports Indian bands), Wi-Fi 802.11, b/g/n, Mobile Hotspot, Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP, GPS with A-GPS, USB, Computer sync, OTA sync, Tethering and OTG.. The device has a wide range of good features such as Smart Wake Up, Drawing Gestures, Active Shot, Smart View, Flip to Mute and Video Picture in Picture Mode.. This product is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Android v5.1 (Lollipop), upgradable to v6.0 (Marshmallow). Performance ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Display ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Battery ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life. Supports Indian bands VoLTE 8 GB + 32 GB Expandable Dual SIM: Micro + Micro No Fingerprint sensor Gorilla Glass FM Radio. XOLO Era X is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. Review talking about - Read all Great camera Reviews. BASED ON 6,683 RATING(S). 17 May 2016 By P Raghavendran On flipkart.com. the phone shape is very goodnthe following points are not satisfied in my sidenn1) phone battery backup is not goodn2) touche is hangingn3) back key is not operating properly. 07 Aug 2016 By Rv On flipkart.com. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones. 5.0 inches (12.7 cm) Screen Resolution. HD (720 x 1280 pixels) Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display. Pixel Density compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen. Quad core, 1.5 GHz, Cortex A7. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor. Quad core, 1.5 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Spreadtrum SC9830A. Quad core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Spreadtrum SC7731G. Dual core, 2.53 GHz, Monsoon + Quad core, 1.42 GHz Mistral, Chipset: Apple A11 Bionic. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage. Internal Memory compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Smile detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. Rear Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera. Front Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution. Up to 10.5 Hours(3G) / Up to 16.5 Hours(2G). Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life. SIM1: Micro, SIM2: Micro Network Support. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G VoLTE. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3) / 850(band 5). TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3) / 850(band 5). Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android XOLO Phablet Dual SIM Camera 2 MP & above Camera 5 MP & above Camera 8 MP & above Camera 12 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.3 GHz vs Quad core 1.5 GHz. Lesser RAM: 1 GB vs 2 GB. More thickness: 8.6 mm vs 8 mm. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches Primary camera: 8 MP Battery capacity: 2500 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 294 ppi Internal Memory: 8 GB 1373 people viewed together 4232 people compared together. More weight: 142 grams vs 141 grams. I don't want to see this. Lesser RAM: 1 GB vs 2 GB. Lower primary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. Lower secondary camera resolution: 2 MP vs 5 MP. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches Processor:. Quad core 1.5 GHz Battery capacity: 2500 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 294 ppi Internal Memory: 8 GB 3949 people viewed together 5208 people compared together. More thickness: 8.4 mm vs 8 mm. More weight: 142 grams vs 141 grams. I don't want to see this. Higher battery capacity: 4000 mAH vs 2500 mAH. Quad core 1.0 GHz vs Quad core 1.5 GHz. More thickness: 9.2 mm vs 8 mm. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches RAM: 2 GB Primary camera: 8 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 294 ppi Internal Memory: 8 GB 5456 people viewed together 4042 people compared together. More weight: 157 grams vs 141 grams. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.3 GHz vs Quad core 1.5 GHz. Lesser RAM: 1 GB vs 2 GB. Lower primary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 8 GB 333 people viewed together 918 people compared together. Lower battery capacity: 2350 mAH vs 2500 mAH. Lower pixel density: 196 ppi vs 294 ppi. More thickness: 9.2 mm vs 8 mm. More weight: 145 grams vs 141 grams. I don't want to see this. Higher primary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 8 MP. Higher battery capacity: 3120 mAH vs 2500 mAH. More internal memory: 16 GB vs 8 GB. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches RAM: 2 GB SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 294 ppi 301 people compared together. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 32 GB. Lesser weight: 131.5 grams vs 141 grams. Quad core 1.4 GHz vs Quad core 1.5 GHz. More thickness: 8.5 mm vs 8 mm. I don't want to see this. More RAM: 3 GB vs 2 GB. More internal memory: 16 GB vs 8 GB. Quad core 1.25 GHz vs Quad core 1.5 GHz. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches Primary camera: 8 MP Battery capacity: 2500 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 294 ppi 331 people compared together. More thickness: 9.5 mm vs 8 mm. View all FAQs about XOLO Era X. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Does XOLO Era X support VoLTE?. Answered by Sarah Nair | 6 months ago. Yes,the Xolo Era X features 4G (VoLTE), Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth, GPS, and Micro-USB 2.0 connectivity. Will Xolo era x support fast charger?. Answered by Narayana Tambe | 4 months ago. Yes Xolo Era X supports fast charger. you can check the link for details.. People who viewed XOLO Era X also viewed. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
Listed Price : 5,499. Xolo Era X features a 5.0-inch, HD(720 X 1280) IPS display, 1.5 GHz, Quad Core Processor, 2GB of RAM and a 8GB internal storage. You also get a 8-megapixel camera, 4G VoLTE support, and dual-SIM card slots.. OS Android Lollipop 5.1 with guaranteed upgrade to Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Processor 1.5 GHz, Quad Core Processor. Internal Memory 8 GB, 2GB DDR3 RAM. ossam phone like a speed of panda. ossam phone like a speed of panda. ossam phone like a speed of panda. Full Specifications of Xolo Era X. 2G Network Technology GSM 900, 1800 MHz. 3G Network Technology WCDMA 900 and 2100 MHz. 4G Network Technology TDD40(2300 MHz), FDD3(1800 MHz), FDD5(850 MHz), VoLTE. Sales Package Earphone, Charger, USB cable, Screen Guard, User Manual. 3G Capability HSPA+ Upto 21 Mbps,Upto 5.76 Mbps. Display Technology IPS display with Smart Wake Up, Drawing Gestures, Active Shot, Smart View, Assistant, Flip to Mute, Video Picture in Picture Mode,Corning Gorilla Glass Protection. Internal Memory 8 GB, 2GB DDR3 RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 32 GB. OS Android Lollipop 5.1 with guaranteed upgrade to Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Processor 1.5 GHz, Quad Core Processor. Camera Features Flash,Auto Focus,Smile Detection, Slow Motion Video Capture, Panaroma, Burst Mode, Location Capture, HDR. Size (L by B by T) 145.5 x 72 x 8.45 mm. Battery Life - Talk Time 16 hours 43 mins(2G);10 hours 35 mins(3G). Xolo Era X Reviews in India. Xolo Era X Features & Specs. Xolo Era X Vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A. Xolo Era X Vs Xiaomi Redmi 4A. Xolo Era X Vs Coolpad Dazen 1. Xolo Era X Vs Lenovo A6000 plus. Own this mobile? Write a Review. Review on: Xolo Era X. Bala Krishna Kona on Oct 02, 2016. I am using phone very stylish sure fast Internet super budget mobiles Records breaking color era x. Review on: Xolo Era X. Md Imran on Aug 24, 2016. This phone very nise in camera,speed, using, net also speed, but memory card not support 64gb. Review on: Xolo Era X. Review on: Xolo Era X. Review on: Xolo Era X. Write a Review on Xolo Era X. Canon #Speedlite 470EX-AI is the most intelligent flash system @CanonUSA #Speedlite #Speedlite buff.ly/2F493wl https://t.co/Zjwmc0zHIp. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. Electronics Best Sellers Amazon Exclusives Mobiles & Accessories Computers & Accessories Televisions & Home Entertainment Audio Cameras & Accessories Musical Instruments Office & Stationery Buying Guides. We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. Available in Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad. We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock.. 8MP primary camera with flash, auto focus, HD recording, burst mode, audio note, smile detection, slow motion video capture, panorama, location capture and 5MP front facing camera with flash. 5-inch (12.7 centimeters) IPS Corning Gorilla Glass capacitive touchscreen with 720 x 1280 pixels resolution, 294 ppi pixel density and 16.7M color support. Android v5.1 Lollipop operating system (Upgradable to v6.0 Marshmallow) with Spreadtrum 1.5GHz ARM Cortex A-7 quad core processor, Mali 400 MP2 GPU, 2GB RAM, 8GB internal memory expandable up to 32GB and dual micro SIM (4G+4G) with VoLTE. 2500mAh lithium-ion battery providing talk-time of 16 hours 43 minutes on 2G and 10 hours 35 minutes on 3G networks. 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. The order quantity for this product is limited to 1 unit per customer. Please note that orders which exceed the quantity limit will be auto-canceled. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Johra Tempered Glass Screen Scratch Protector for Xolo Era. Fashionury™ Xolo Era X back cover/designer back cover/Soft printed cover for Xolo Era X. Fashionury™ Back Cover (Printed Designer Mobile Cover) for Xolo Era X. Fashionury™ Soft Silicon Back Cover (Printed) For Xolo Era X. BlueArmor Flip Cover Case For Xolo Era X + Silcone Stand. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Xolo Era 1X 4G with Volte (Chocolate Brown-Gold, 8GB). Intex Aqua Supreme+ (Black, 2GB RAM). Xolo Era 2 4G With VoLTE (Black). Xolo Era 2 4G With VoLTE (Blue). XOLO Era X (Black) Offers a Lot of Features. Buy Online XOLO Era X (Black) at the Lowest Price. Are you looking for a phone that gives you awesome experience of a smartphone at a really low price? Then XOLO Era X is a must have for you. Available in black color, XOLO Era X comes well equipped with 2GB DDR3 RAM and 1.5 GHz Quad-Core Processor for a power packed performance. The 8GB ROM lets you save any of your favorite content and view them anytime at your leisure.. If you love taking photos, this phone offers you an amazing 8MP rear camera as well as a 5MP front camera that comes with a flash. Record voice messages while you take your pictures using the special ‘Audio Note’ feature. XOLO Era X also comes with a 4G VoLTE technology that lets you enjoy high quality audio and video.. XOLO Era X (Black) offers a 12.7 cm (5) HD IPS display to give the best lively images. Moving on to music, the phone has K-class amplifier and Box speakers to help you get the real feel of any kind of music. Although, the phone has Android Lollipop v5.1, it is available for up gradation to Android Marshmallow v6.0. Enjoy the best of features by XOLO Era X (Black) at an amazing price at amazon.in.. Era X comes power-packed with 1.5 GHz Quad-Core Processor and 2GB DDR3 RAM for flawless multitasking and swift app launches. Also, 8GB ROM allows you to store all you favorite content and enjoy it on the go!. Experience amazing photography with the 8MP rear camera and click stunning selfies with the 5MP front facing camera with flash. Also, express better with the unique “Audio Note” feature of Era X that allows you to record voice messages while you click.. Enjoy easy and hassle-free download, upload, streaming and web browsing. Engage in superior quality audio and video with the advanced 4G VoLTE technology.. Vivid Display with Corning Gorilla Glass. Enjoy vibrant and rich images on the 12.7 cm (5) HD IPS display Screen. Corning Gorilla Glass add to the durability and provides resistance from scratches.. New XOLO Era X comes with in-built K-class amplifier and Box speakers that enhances your love for music.. Upgradable to the latest Android 6.0. Era X comes out of box with Android Lollipop v5.1 and will be upgradable to Android Marshmallow v6.0 for the latest android features.. XoLo Era X Mobile Phone Information. Product Dimensions 14.6 x 0.8 x 7.2 cm. Item model number XOLO ERA X. Wireless communication technologies Bluetooth, WiFi Hotspot. Connectivity technologies GSM, (900/1800 MHz), 3G, WCDMA, (900/2100 MHz), HSPA+, 4G LTE, (2300/1800/850 MHz), WiFi 802.11 b/g/n. Special features Dual SIM,GPS,Music Player,Video Player,FM Radio,Accelerometer,Proximity sensor,Light sensor,E-mail. Other camera features 8MP Camera. Whats in the box Handset, Charger, Earphone, USB Cable, Screen Guard and User Manual. #17,779 in Electronics ( See top 100 ). Electronics > Mobiles & Tablets > Smartphones & Basic Mobiles > Smartphones. Date First Available 18 February 2016. Warranty Details: 1 year manufacturer warranty for device and 6 months manufacturer warranty for in-box accessories including batteries from the date of purchase. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ? If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. 5 star 28% 4 star 19% 3 star 15% 2 star 9% 1 star 29%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars battery backup is not superb but it is satisfied, 1. I m using era x since last 6 months .According to price5500₹ it is ok 4g volte supported, battery backup is not superb but it is satisfied, 1 .front camera has flash that is ok , 2. For average use it is perfect. K amplifier speaker that's also good not like as Dolby but sound clarity is good. Internal storage for use is only 4.87 GB that is not good u should need memory card for increase memory. That's mean it does not break or get crack easily. From looking it looks good , rubbish finish at backcover , metal looking edges but it is plastic , overall built in quality is perfect. Era x has smart feature like oppo or vivo smartphone such as double tap screen on etc. 3, 4 times era x dropped from my hand but their is no breakage take place it's mean it's built quality is good .. Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. Mobile is not giving good service, it's mic jack and charger port not working. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars i request all my brother and sisters please do not .... i request all my brother and sisters please do not buy any appliance of Xolo company because the customer care centers of this company are thieves, frauders. when i went to the customer care center to repair my phone, one of the representative of the center take my phone and repaired my speaker phone which was not working but when i came back to my home and use the spea XoLo Era X (Black) ker of my phone, it is not working. Rather my phone was completely finished and neither it was switched on nor it was switched off. when i went to the service center again and complaint about this, the customer care machenic said that ''''' aapke phone ka to mother board hi khraab h, ab iska kuch nhi ho skta'' and after that i consult to the manager of this service center and told him everything about this thing. But i was shocked when he said that why you purchased this company phone through online, xolo company ki to market me demand hi nhi h or ye company to ab band ho gai h. when i went to the service center, my phone has only one little problem, but when i came back to the service center with my phone, my phone was completely damaged. Most of the parts of my phone had lost. One more thing i want to share with all of you that i talk to an uncle who was also sitting in the service center at that time when i was reparing my phone. I was shocked when he told me that i am coming in this service center since 5-6 days and i am also facing the same problem. Uncle also suggested me that please repair your phone from any other private shop or machenic because these service center employees are cheaters. It is the incidence of Kaithal district, Haryana State, India and service center is situated in Mata Gate main road, old city kaithal, haryana.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Really a best and worthy product (with VOLTE). This product is really so good and perfect. We can take pictures very clearly. 4G connectivity with VOLTE is really so good and gives a robust performance. Using JIO SIM is really we get very fast and high speed 4G internet with VOLTE features for HD clear voice and video calls. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Please don't waste your hard earned money on this mobile. Dear All, Please don't waste your hard earned money on this mobile. Mine already started malfunctioning in 15 days, its no longer CHARGING. Seems they provide the worst quality batteries. Its waste of time to visit its service center to get it fixed / replaced.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Cheap but high quality.. I liked this phone very much.This phone worked beyond my expectations.I am thinking that is a cheap phone so it should not have that quality but this product impressed me.It's camera is very good and clicks photo clearly.This is a cheap phone but it have high quality.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Very Poor battery and Defective product received.. Only one Sim slot in working conditions and Worst Battery performance.... Unable to charge within one and half months... Bought this phone as it was an Indian company product but now I repent my decision... Was this review helpful to you?. 3.0 out of 5 stars How to upgrade to marshmallow... the model number is not given in unofficial file download.. If any one know about that please text me... Waiting for your response...3 stars for the phone is it's heating issue and a bit hanging and storage space not 8gb. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Superb. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. Muje bill nhi mila muje riper kaha kravu. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. See and discover other items: XOLO Mobile Phone Cases & Covers , XOLO Smartphones & Basic Mobiles. Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Mobiles / XOLO Mobile Phones / XOLO Era X Price in India. User Visits: 39 Launch Date in India: 24 February, 2016 Compare. Upgradable to Marshmallow Front Flash. Xolo is an Indian handset maker that has been launching some pretty impressive value for money handsets in India. The handset maker has a number of good handsets in its lineup including Xolo Black series and Xolo Omega series. However, it is the budget smartphones from the brand that really seals the deal for Xolo. Recently, the brand has added the Era HD smartphones to its budget lineup of handsets. This Is a brief overview of the handset to put things in perspective for our readers.. The design of the handset is pretty commonplace with a bar form factor and polycarbonate make that makes for a lightweight handset. However, the form factor of the handset is brick-like, which feels quite sturdy in hand.. If you happen to be a multimedia lover and love to watch videos on your smartphone, you will be delighted by the 5-inch display featuring on Xolo Era X. The display also offers a resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels, which means users can enjoy the multimedia content in HD quality.. Xolo has managed to design the handset to offer a cutting edge user experience to its users as the handset comes with the latest Android 5.1 Lollipop operating system. It means that the handset comes with integrated performance and security enhancements out of the box. Xolo has also assured that the handset will receive the Marshmallow update as well.. The performance offered by the handset is quite decent since it comes with a Quad-core processor that has a clock speed of 1.5 GHz. Also, the processor is accompanied by 2 GB of RAM that is designed to ensure the consistent of the performance. Also, the smartphone is backed by a 2500 mAh battery that lasts for a considerable amount of time.. For a photography enthusiasts, Xolo Era X is a delight to use as it comes with an 8 Megapixels primary camera on its rear panel. The handset also features a 5 Megapixels front camera that enables selfies and video calling. However, there is an LED flash accompanying the front camera, which makes it an ideal selfie snapper.. This dual-SIM smartphone comes with support for 3G connectivity so that users can browse the Internet at super fast speed. The handset also features connectivity options like Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, microUSB and GPS.. Xolo Era X is a smartphone that is designed to empower mass user with a smartphone that delivers a decent performance and enhanced connectivity. With a price tag under INR 6000, this handset is an ideal device for an average Indian user.. 3 /5 (1,936 User Reviews). 4,999 (Expected Price) XOLO Era X is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 1.5 GHz Quad Core 2 GB RAM 8 GB Storage 5.0" (12.7 cm) Display 2500 mAh Battery 8 MP Rear Camera 5 MP Front Camera VoLTE, Dual SIM No Quick Charging. We will notify you as soon as XOLO Era X becomes available. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as XOLO Era X is available in stock. Android v5.1 (Lollipop) Upgradable To V6.0 (Marshmallow). 146 x 72 x 8.0 mm. 1.5 GHz Quad core (Cortex A7). Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). AAC, AMR, eAAC+, FLAC, MIDI, MP3, OGG, WAV, WMA. Handset, Battery, Charger, Earphone, USB Cable, Screen Guard, User Manual, Warranty Card. Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Compare XOLO Era X vs XOLO Era 1X. Compare XOLO Era X vs XOLO Era 4G. Compare XOLO Era X vs XOLO Era 2. Compare XOLO Era X vs XOLO Era 2X. Compare XOLO Era X vs Lenovo Vibe K5. Compare XOLO Era X vs XOLO Era 2X 2GB RAM. Compare XOLO Era X vs Karbonn Aura Power 4G. Compare XOLO Era X vs Lyf Wind 7S. Compare XOLO Era X vs Yu Yunique Plus. Compare XOLO Era X vs Yu Yuphoria. Compare XOLO Era X vs Lyf Wind 7. Compare XOLO Era X vs Micromax Canvas Spark 3. Compare XOLO Era X vs Swipe Elite Plus. Compare XOLO Era X vs Lyf Flame 8. Compare XOLO Era X vs Micromax Canvas Juice 4G Q461. Compare XOLO Era X vs Karbonn Quattro L50. XOLO Mobiles XOLO Mobiles Under 6000 XOLO Mobiles Under 5000 XOLO 4G Mobiles XOLO 3G Mobiles XOLO Touch Screen Mobiles XOLO 4G Mobiles Under 10000. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Overview Review Specs Alternatives. 
XOLO Era X - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 … 16 17 ». 8mp camera result verty poor, update camera result.. I bought this device on 2016 april. This has poor battery capacity & alsi 3 hours to take fully charged. In lolipop version i found viruses , unwanted games automatically download. after upgrading to marshmallow problem solved. one good thing is this has 4G and volte support. jesson, 18 Jan 2017 I'm getting sudden game download from unknown source at my Xolo era x how to stop any one suggest Update to marshmallow and so problems are solved. harry, 11 Jul 2017 how to upgrade it to marshmallow. Go to settings ,then below u found about phone select it and go for software update. I baught this mobile in Nov'2016 and it is not even 1 year over. and it stopped recharging and thinking that it is the problem with just pin, I gave it to one local service centre who do not know to diagnose the issue...than changed the charging pin but still the same issue arised and finally decided to take it to the Xolo service centre thinking that it is under warranty and their the service centre people said that since this is opened already by some body, warranty is ceased and I have to pay if any problem is there and they said that if Motherboard problem, than I may have to cough of 3850 as this mobile cost itself, 6,400.00, paying 3850 is not worth and I have decided to buy Branded one and not this kind of companies one just relaying on Sudheep Add. my sincere, advise is that, buy Mobile - Only Branded which comes for years. like LG which I used for 5 years till I lost in train. Anonymous, 15 Jul 2017 phone is totally waste yes it's true ,no OTG souupert , charged very slowly and dry very fast cemara quality is very poover with frente flash. User, 30 Mar 2017 My phone battery is taking 3 hr to charge and also draining so fast also. Plz solve the issue yes,also my mobile .its very big problem to xolo era x. Xolo era x ,i buy this from snapdeal gorilla glass bt low quality phone there r many scraches on screen n also charging point very cheap so i think purchase of this phone is wrong decision so guys dont do mistake like me purchase other brand phone serivce center also want money to repair.very poor services so be smart. how to upgrade it to marshmallow. I brought this divice in march 2017. I am having a problem that its display becoming some another color. How can I fix that problem,? It occuring sometimes. I had got marshmallow update and installed.After installation the OEM unlock button in developer option doesn't work.. Arsh, 23 Jan 2017 Me 2 suffering from the same i think you should disable the unknown source in the setting and when needed enable it and disable it again after installation. The worst smartphone because when I buy this phone it starts first problem of over heating, at least five times I have to repair this phone than it's battery is very bad no battery backup and than 8 times charging problem.so don't buy this phone its the worst smartphone.and replaceing also don't buy this.. Manu, 12 Feb 2017 in this phone ..automatically games were download and sometime without Internet and alwys when... more Shall I update color era x into marshmallow by custom way by checking updatein phone settings it updateit via Web Downloadzip file then update which one is better.. this mobile is coming in nougat but i don't know when. but i hope nougat is too good for xolo era x. marshmallow is good but nougat are very good new features new scroll bar processer speed very fast. pursotam kumar, 18 Feb 2017 hii go to setting .after that go to accounts- google- create new..... you can use your mobile without account thanks. User, 30 Mar 2017 My phone battery is taking 3 hr to charge and also draining so fast also. Plz solve the issue stopped your all runing apps and change your mobile charger. first mobile battery 30% of 80% charged for 1 week and then 0% to 100% of the 30% of the company, 80% of them will have the same battery life life.. Sai harika, 14 Apr 2017 This mobile micro speaker volume is very low. How can i fix it ? Do you have any solution on it you can reset your mobile then solved your problem... Rammi9, 01 May 2017 My mobile isnt Charging With Xolo Era X Chrger, and its battery is draining fast. more go to customar care and change your charging zack then problem your problem solved. Pages: 1 2 3 … 16 17 ». Total of 321 user reviews and opinions for XOLO Era X .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. XOLO Era 2X XOLO Era 1X XOLO Black 1X XOLO Era 4K XOLO Era 2 XOLO Era 4G. 
Back Up Every Byte On Your Device. Ready to root your Era X? Thanks to One Click Root, rooting has never been safer, easier, or faster. When we called our software “One Click” Root, we really meant it!.. Four Easy Steps to Root Your XOLO Era X. How To Root XOLO Era X In Minutes. Download and install One Click Root. Connect your Android to your computer. Run One Click Root and let the software. One Click Root Devices XOLO XOLO Era X. Boost Your XOLO Era X ‘s Total Performance and General Functionality. Xolo is quite a brand less popular, even unknown to some. But it has its own way of living in the mobile world. Lately, it has announced yet another Era smartphone called the Era X. It ‘s a budget smartphone that is priced at pocket-friendly tag with the highlight being its 4G bands. The XOLO Era X features a sharp shooters score well in all the fields. The good thing here is that it can easily be upgraded to v6.0 (Marshmallow) operating system.. Generally, budget and specs wise, the device seems worthy to be pocketed.. The XOLO Era X has a wide range of good features namely:. Smart Wake Up, Drawing Gestures, Active Shot, Smart View, Flip to Mute and Video Picture in Picture Mode. It exhibits a 5.0-inch IPS LCD HD touchscreen delivering (720 x 1280 pixels) display resolution with a pixel density of 294ppi. It possesses a quad-core processor which is clocked at 1.5GHz and seated on MediaTek chipset for driving the system. For further assistance, it is paired with a Mali-400 MP2 graphic engine and bears 2GB of RAM. It also supports dual SIM handset and runs on Android v5.1 (Lollipop) operating system and is available in black color. The user can rely on an 8MP primary camera which is inclusive of autofocus, digital zoom, and LED flash; together with the other inbuilt camera features include Smile Detection, Slow Motion Video Capture, Panorama, Burst Mode, Location Capture and HDR. For selfie lovers, there is a 5MP selfie snapper in front inclusive of LED flash which captures good pictures even in darkness. As for the storage capacity, the device houses an internal memory of 8GB which can be further expanded up to 32GB through a microSD card. The XOLO Era X sips its juice from a 2,500mAh removable battery which claims to render a talk time up to 16 hours 43mins on 2G and 10 hours 35 mins at 3G network. Definitely, the users can also enjoy Web browsing via WiFi network up to 6 hours 28 mins and Music Playback (using wired Headset) up to 25 hrs 4 mins. In terms of video, the device offers a Total Video Playback Time up to 5 hours 18 mins via internal Speakers and 6 hrs 14 mins using wired Headset. For the connectivity options, the device offers GPRS, EDGE, 3G, 4G (supports Indian bands), Wi-Fi 802.11, b/g/n, Mobile Hotspot, Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP, GPS with A-GPS, USB, Computer sync, OTA sync, Tethering and OTG.. Thanks to the big brainy geeks who bring about such genius idea of tweaking devices so it can have more potentiated capabilities. The process is called rooting which is an Android equivalent to jailbreaking. It is a means of accessing. and unlocking the operating system to enable to install unapproved apps, games, unwanted bloatware, update OS, replace the firmware, overclock or underclock processor, and customize just about anything about your Android. A rooted device can enjoy almost near endless possibilities that aren ‘t accessible to regular users. On the other hand, rooting can be as bad as it is good, and could definitely harm and damage your Android. With just wrong move, you can brick your device, not to mention, it automatically voids warranty. More so, it also exposes your Android to malware, Trojans, and other viruses that can further damage your device. You can choose from among the thousands of rooting materials on the internet, but be cautious because many of them are malware-containing tools. Good thing, One Click Root is also here to help out in the epic transformation of any device in the most convenient way. It ‘s the easiest, simplest, fastest rooting solution you can find on the internet nowadays. It is super safe and 100% reversible, so there ‘s nothing to lose. Root with One Click Root and optimize your device ‘ potential and functionality to enjoy your Android to the maximum level!. 24/7 Root Support for Your Android. We Support the Following Services and more …. Instantly gain access to your Android’s root files and unlock its full potential.. Don’t like rooted Android? We can unroot your device with one click.. We can repair annoying Android problems and fix your device.. Installing ROMs can be difficult and complicated. Want the best root-only apps? We’ll install them for you.. Speed up your device and free up space by uninstalling bloatware.. We guarantee your Android device will be protected throughout the rooting process. Our certified Android technicians can safely perform a number of different maintenance services. Whether you’re rooting, unrooting, or repairing Android, we will not damage your device or your data in any way. If we cannot safely root your device, we’ll provide a full refund. I called on One Click Root after my own initial attempt for root bricked my LG G4 (H81010o). If you have a new phone running the latest and more challenging software, then I recommend this service. Technician "JJ" helped me and was a smooth and very capable professional. Rarely do I pay for tech support or make endorsements so purchase with confidence, these folks are legit!. Just had a fantastic experience during an expert session to root my phone with Virgil! Honestly, appreciate his patience, problem solving skills along with his willingness to help. Really looking forward to use this software moving on, and definitely recommending to others. I had a great experience with JJ helping me to root my phone. The Samsung Galaxy S4 is a hard phone to root and took a few attempted, but everything worked out. Just wanted to say thank you very much to JJ, he spent several hours wrestling with my tablet, was polite throughout, helpful, informative and wouldn't give up. A credit to his employers, and should be given a pat on the back, well done 🙂. JJ and everyone at this company (Sean, Camille, Michelle, Alex) are AWESOME!!!!! Thanks so much for your help!!!. Need Help? We’re always here for you. One Click Root is committed to providing superior Android maintenance services. We are always available via live chat and by phone. We love our customers and our customers love us back. In addition, our site features thousands of how-to articles and a deep knowledge base filled with information about your Android device.. Jailbreak Your iPhone / iPad: One Click Jailbreak. Root Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Root Samsung Galaxy S5 Root Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Root Samsung Galaxy S4 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 Root Samsung Galaxy S6 Root Samsung Galaxy S3 Root Kindle Fire Root ale-l21 Root SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 PLUS. SM-J327AZ SM-J321AZ SM-J320F SM-J320M/DS SM-J320F/DS SM-J320F/DD SM-J3109 SM-J320H/DS SM-J320A SM-J320AZ. Copyright © 2018 One Click Root. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Xolo Era X Unboxing and Hands On!. Unboxing Xolo Era X Phone Hands On & Review. full performance review xolo era x | xolo era x detailed review | Xolo era x | Hands on | [Hindi]. Xolo Era X With 4G Support, 5 Inch Display Launched at Rs 5,777. Hands on review of XOLO ERA X (budget phone). Xolo Era 4G unboxing and review India. Camera Review of Xolo Era X (Photo Shoots & HD Video Sample). Xolo Era X Unboxing & Quick Review. [Hindi - हिन्दी Unboxing Of Xolo Era 2 (4G & VOLTE) Indian Retail Unit By Manik Singhal #MSTECHNO. Xolo Era 1x Review After 25 Days of Use | Data Dock. XOLO Era 1X Unboxing and First Look!. YU Yuphoria Unboxing, Hands On Overview & 4G Speedtest. Xolo Era X with 5 inch HD display, 2GB RAM, 4G LTE launched for Rs 5777 || Pastimers. Pastimers - World's Best & Worst. Xolo era x enable volte option. Xolo Era X Unboxing and Full Review. Xolo era x marshmallow 6.0 hidden feature. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
The next video is starting stop. Xolo Era X Unboxing and Hands On!. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Xolo Era X Unboxing and Hands On!. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Unboxing Xolo Era X Phone Hands On & Review. XOLO Era 2x review, unboxing, camera sample, performance and battery life. Xolo Era 4G unboxing and review India. XOLO Era 1X 4G VoLTE phone under 5k | Unboxing and first look with initial impressions. Xolo Era Unboxing and Hands-on Overview. XOLO Era 4K review, benchmark, gaming, battery performance and more. [Hindi - हिन्दी Unboxing Of Xolo Era 2 (4G & VOLTE) Indian Retail Unit By Manik Singhal #MSTECHNO. XOLO Black Review, benchmark, unboxing, asphalt 8 and battery performance. Xolo Era Review-Camera,Gaming,OTG,Benchmarks,Battery & Call Quality. XOLO Era 4G 8GB Black Unboxing and First Installation. Camera Review of Xolo Era X (Photo Shoots & HD Video Sample). XOLO Era 1X in-depth Detailed Review!. XOLO ERA X DUAL SIM Unboxing Video – in Stock at www.welectronics.com. HTC Desire 628 Dual Sim Unboxing and Hands On. Xolo Era 2 Unboxing & First Impression Budget 4G VOLTE Smartphone | Data Dock. Xolo Era X Unboxing & Quick Review. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 8 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (5). Low pixel density screen (294 ppi). The Xolo Era X is a lower mid-range device with Android 5.1. It features a 5" 720p display, 1.5 GHz quad core CPU, 2 GB RAM, 8 GB ROM, microSD slot, 8 MP rear camera and a 5 MP front one for video calls. The phone has 2 SIM card slots.. Dimensions: 5.73 x 2.83 x 0.33 inches (145.5 x 72 x 8.45 mm). Weight: 5.01 oz (142 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 16.75 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Talk time (3G): 10.50 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 21.1 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Xolo Era X specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Click here to find mobiles using filters related to price, features, brands etc.. Dual Sim, 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi Quad Core, 1.5 GHz Processor 2 GB RAM, 8 GB inbuilt 2500 mAh Battery 5 inches, 720 x 1280 px display 8 MP Rear + 5 MP Front Camera Memory Card Supported, upto 32 GB Android, v5.1. XOLO Era X Price In India is Rs. You Can Buy XOLO Era X Online After Finding Lowest Price Here. XOLO Era X Updated On February 26, 2018.. General: Dual Sim Android, v5.1 Slim 2500 mAH Battery Display: Touch 5 inches 720 x 1280 pixels Camera: 8 MP AutoFocus Flash 720p HD Video Recording 5 MP Front Camera Technical: 1.5 GHz, Quad Core Processor 2 GB RAM 8 GB Inbuilt Memory Memory Card Support, upto 32 GB Connectivity: 3G 4G WiFi with hotspot Bluetooth GPS Extra: FM Radio 3.5mm Headphone Jack. Use multiple sims at the same time. It allows you to use two services without the need to carry two mobile phones at the same time. Slimmer mobile phones are easier to carry and look more fashionable. Touch Displays offer a more interactive experience. Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. Images, videos will look amazing on this sharp and clear screen. Text will be easier to read. Has a camera for taking photos. Having a camera flash allows you to take photos in low light. You can record videos of beautiful moments, sceneries and watch them later. Front Camera enables you to take your own photos and do videocalling (on supported devices). Memory cards give your device more storage capacity. So you can store more songs, photos and videos. More cores result in better parallelism, meaning more tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface. Faster CPU means more smooth experience. It has relatively more RAM than the other mobile phones in this price range. 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. 4G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience than 3G. You can connect to wifi hotspots in your area to experience a superior internet experience. Allows you to use your internet connection on your wifi enabled laptop. Bluetooth enables you to wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets. GPS is used for determining your location. You can get directions to a place with the help of GPS. Having 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices (such as speakers, headphones) having 3.5mm Port. Detects motion as well as the orientation of a device (horizontally or vertically). Listen to your favourite radio stations on your phone. Enjoy music on the go with FM Radio. With long battery talk time, you can talk on the phone continuously without charging.. You can't use this to make calls over 4G network (a 3rd party app can be used instead though). Compass Determines direction facing relative to North, East, West and South.. Full Specifications Report An Error General Sim Type: GSM+GSM Dual Sim: Yes Sim Size: Micro SIM Device Type: Smartphone Design Dimensions: 146 x 72 x 8 mm Weight: 141 g Display Type: Color IPS screen Touch: Yes, with Multitouch Size: 5 inches, 720 x 1280 pixels PPI: ~ 294 PPI Memory RAM: 2 GB Internal: 8 GB inbuilt Card Slot: Yes, upto 32 GB Connectivity GPRS: Yes EDGE: Yes 3G: Yes 4G: Yes Wifi: Yes, with wifi-hotspot Bluetooth: Yes, v4.0 USB: Yes, microUSB v2.0 Extra GPS: Yes, with A-GPS Support Sensors: Accelerometer 3.5mm Headphone Jack: Yes Camera Camera: Yes, 8 MP with autofocus Dual Camera: No Features: Face detection, Smile detection, Geo tagging, Touch to focus Video Recording: Yes, 720p Flash: LED Front Camera: Yes, 5 MP Technical OS: Android, v5.1 (Lollipop) CPU: 1.5 GHz, Quad Core Processor GPU: Mali-400 MP2 Multimedia FM Radio: Yes Battery Size: 2500 mAh, Li-ion Battery Talk time: 16.5 hours, 10.5 hours on 3G. No Expert reviews found for this mobile.. 42gb ram Daylight camara Battery backup. Advantage Good touch 6 hours battery non stop use backup No lacking Smooth performance Day uses camera good. In low light camera bad Automatically battery lose Heating Brightness very low Not otg ..... Jio support but touch is not good. Support Jio LTE 4G network. Heating problem Touch is not good. Waste camera waste money very heating problem. Really I believe in Indian product first but. I was wrong on that time now understand at this time. Many problem faced in only two months 1)heating problem 2)camera flash very weak 3)battery backup not Many 4)Normal mode phone automatically Off problem. Many problem faced in only two months 1)heating problem 2)camera flash very weak 3)battery backup not Many 4)Normal mode phone automatically Off problem.. Enter each Pro in new line.. Enter each Con in new line.. Who Viewed This Also Viewed .... Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro (6GB RAM + 64GB). vs XOLO Era X vs Tenor 10.or D (16GB) vs XOLO Era X vs Intex Aqua Craze vs XOLO Era X vs Lava X46 vs XOLO Era X vs Intex Aqua Ring vs XOLO Era X vs Huawei Honor Bee 4G. Sign up for our Newsletter :. Congratulations!!! You are now subscribed to our newsletter.. smartprix.com , All rights reserved. Recently Viewed By You ( 0 ). Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product. Mobiles And Tablets 0 Laptops And Computers 0 Cameras 0 Personal Appliances 0 Mobile Accessories 0. your email will not be published. Select A Product From Search Suggestions. your email will not be published. --select-- Incorrect Price Incorrect/ Missing Product Detail Coupon Not Working Found Lowest Price Somewhere Else Just A Feedback Other Issue. Sign in with your email address.. Find, Compare and Buy all in one place. Sign up with your email address. Already have an account? Login. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Xolo / Xolo Era X Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 3.4 4260 Ratings 5 Questions & Answers. Xolo Era X features a 5-inch HD display with a pixel density of 294 ppi. It has an 8 MP primary camera and a 5 MP front-facing camera. The phone is powered by a 1.5 GHz. quad-core processor and 2 GB of RAM. It offers 8GB of internal storage and a microSD slot for expansion. The device has a 2,500 Li-ion battery. The Xolo Era X runs Android 5.1 Lollipop and is upgradeable to Android 6.0. Connectivity is fulfilled by Wi-Fi, 4G, dual SIM slots, GPS and Bluetooth .. Key Specifications 2GB RAM 8GB internal storage 2500 mAh battery 8 M.Pixels rear & 5 M.Pixels selfie 5.0 inch screen Dual SIM (Micro SIM) Android OS, v5.1.1 (Lollipop). Xolo Era X Price in India. Xolo Era X Price starts at Rs. The Xolo Era X is the latest flagship device in the Era series of smartphones. Given its price range, the Era X aims at customers looking to buy an Android-based smartphone within a budget.. For the Era X, Xolo has gone with the unibody design. The front and back are covered by the Corning Gorilla Glass 3, which gives it a premium touch. The Xolo Era X sports a 5-inch HD (720 x 1280 pixels) IPS display with a pixel density of 294 ppi. Below the screen are touch-sensitive backlit keys instead of the home button.. The handset packs a 1.5 GHz quad-core Spreadtrum SC9830A processor and 2 GB of RAM under the hood. The CPU is accompanied by a 512MHz Mali 400MP2 GPU to please the gamer inside you. The phone comes with 8 GB of built-in storage that can be expanded by an additional 32 GB via microSD a card slot.. In the camera department, the Xolo Era X sports an 8-megapixel rear camera unit along with an LED flash. The flash lets you click pictures even in a low-light setting. A 5-megapixel front-facing camera, also with an LED flash, is thrown in as well for selfies.. The device draws power from a non-replaceable 2,500 mAh Li-ion battery. The Xolo Era X comes with a proprietary power management feature that lets you keep a check on the apps that hog resources.. The Era X is a dual-SIM device that runs the Android 5.1 Lollipop OS out-of-the-box. On the connectivity front, the smartphone includes options such as Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, GPS, Bluetooth 4.0, and 4G network. The handset also flaunts a K-class amplifier and Box speakers to give you an enhanced audio experience.. Xolo Era X Specifications Display Display Type IPS LCD Resolution 720X1280 pixels Size (in inches) 5.0 Pixel Density 294 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Screen to body percentage 65.8% Design and Build Dimensions 5.7 x 2.8 x 0.3 inches Software Operating System Android OS, v5.1.1 (Lollipop) Camera Primary 8 M.Pixels Front 5 M.Pixels Video [email. protected] Storage Internal 8GB RAM 2GB Expandable MicroSD, 32GB Battery Type Li-Po Capacity 2500 mAh Connectivity Bluetooth v4.0 Wi-Fi Yes with hotspot 3G Yes USB Micro USB v2.0 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Micro SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Wired Micro USB v2.0 Processor No of Cores 4 (Quad Core) Frequency 1.5 GHz Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope No Ambient Light No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. Does it have any hanging issues?. It depends on how many apps you are operating in this device at a time. I operate my smartphone with a minimum of 15-20 apps at a time without any lagging.. No, there is no hanging issues. I installed GTA , MC3 .. but still its performance is awesome.. Yes, but after the OS update it shouldn't, as there is minor issues.. Yes, but network is missing sometimes once or twice in a day.. No, it doesn't have any hanging issues.. Does it have mirror cast or NFC FEATURE?. No NFC, no IR blaster, worst mobile ever in my view. If you can spend that much money, then you can go for Mi 4. Era X heats too much, worst buying decision ever.. If your TV has WiFi connection then it can be possible.. It has mirror cast but no NFC.. Does it have screencast and OTG option?. No, please don't buy this phone. I would rate it below 1/5.. It is a bad product with heating and radiation issues.. Sure, good phone I am happy and satisfied with this phone.. It has screencast with my Sony TV, but no OTG.. Not OTG but screencast is available.. How is the speaker sound quality of this phone?. The sound is not quite loud. Can I cast in my tv programs through anycast dongle and wifi?. Yes, you can do it with this device (mobile phone).. Yes, I cast my youtube through jiofi.. Yes, if your TV supports cast screen.. Yes, it is possible to cast youtube.. YES, POSSIBLE TO CAST ONLY YOUTUBE.. User Reviews of Xolo Era X. 7 Ratings 5 Reviews. 5 3. 4 0. 3 1. 2 0. 1 1. Rate & review this product and help other customers. The only demerit is it doesn't support OTG, other than it is the most durable phone. I have been using this phone for 1 year and 5 months but still, it has the best performance.. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. this is the best phone but camera is something poor phone is good but donot buy it from snapdeal the service and products of snapdeal is poor so i suggest u dont buy anything from snapdeal. Reviewed on MySmartPrice. Report spam 0 0. Xolo mobile price list in India. Panasonic P100 price in India (Rs. Nokia 2 price in India (Rs. Honor 9 Lite price in India. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Xolo Era X. Micromax Canvas 5 Lite Special Edition. Xolo Era X Price in India. Please enter a valid email address. We will notify you when product becomes available.. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Xolo Era X was obtained on 26th February 2018 16:29:57 The Xolo Era X is available in Flipkart The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Xolo Era X online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product.. Xolo Era X Price in India is Rs. 4,999 as on 26th February 2018 16:29:57. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder Deals. Top Categories Mobiles Reboxed Gadgets Laptops Tablets Audio Video Accessories Offers. Rs 2000 - Rs 4999. Rs 5000 - Rs 9999. Rs 10000 - Rs 19999. Rs 2000 - Rs 4999. Rs 5000 - Rs 9999. Rs 10000 - Rs 19999. Rs 25000 - Rs 35000. Rs 35000 - Rs 50000. Rs 5000 - Rs 9999. Rs 20000 - Rs 29999. Headphones starting at Rs 149. Philips Audio Range Starting at Rs 149. Shop Home Mobiles XOLO XOLO Era X Black, 8 GB. Roll over image to zoom in. XOLO Era X Black, 8 GB. 4.1 Out of 5. 5 star 11 4 star 5 3 star 1 2 star 0 1 star 3. 5 Inch (12.7 cm) Display 1.5 GHz Quad Core Processor Android v5.1 (Lollipop) (OS) 8 MP Rear Camera 5 MP Front Camera 2 GB RAM. 1 year manufacturer warranty for Phone and 6 months warranty for in the box accessories 7 Days Replacement Policy View Details. SKU MOBXOLOERAX8GBBK XOLO Model Name XOLO Model Id Era X Phone Type Smartphones In The Box Handset, Charger, Earphone, USB Cable, Screen Guard and User Manual Category Mobiles Brand XOLO Color Black RAM 2 GB Processor 1.5GHz Quad Core. SIM Type Dual Sim Expandable Memory Upto 32 GB Internal Memory 8 GB OS Name Android OS Version v5.1 (Lollipop) Battery Talktime Upto 16 hours Mobile Battery Capacity 2500 mAh Battery Type Lithium Ion Flash Yes Front Camera 5 MP Rear Camera Resolution 8 MP Other Camera Features 8MP primary camera with flash, auto focus, HD recording, burst mode, audio note, smile detection, slow motion video capture, panorama, location capture and 5MP front facing camera with flash Screen Size 5 Inch (12.7 cm) Screen Resolution 720 x 1280 Pixels Screen Type Corning Gorilla Glass Touchscreen Type Capacitive Color Depth 16.7M Pixel Per Inch 294 ppi Wifi Yes USB Yes Bluetooth Yes Headphones Yes FM Yes GPS Yes 4G Yes, 4G/ LTE 3G Yes Audio Jack 3.5 mm Proximity Sensor Yes Ambient Light Sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Weight 141 gm Size 146 x 8 x 72 mm Summary 1 year manufacturer warranty for Phone and 6 months warranty for in the box accessories. Similar Products to XOLO Era X. Vivo V5 Plus 4G Gold, 64 GB. Rs 15,599 Rs 28,980 46% off. Oppo F5 Youth (3 GB RAM, 32 GB) Black. Rs 14,999 Rs 17,990 17% off. Smartron SRT Phone (4 GB RAM, 64 GB) Titanium Gray. Rs 7,890 Rs 14,999 47% off. Coolpad Cool 1 4G VoLTE (4 GB RAM, 32 GB) Gold. Rs 8,799 Rs 13,999 37% off. Moto M (4 GB RAM, 64 GB) 4G VoLTE Gold. Rs 10,849 Rs 17,999 40% off. Nokia 3 (2 GB RAM, 16 GB) Matte Black. Rs 7,799 Rs 10,299 24% off. Samsung J7 Max (4 GB RAM, 32 GB) Gold. Rs 16,900 Rs 19,150 12% off. Honor 9i (4 GB RAM, 64 GB) Blue. Rs 17,999 Rs 19,999 10% off. User Rating and reviews for XOLO Era X. 4.1 Out of 5. 5 Star 11 4 Star 5 3 Star 1 2 Star 1 Star 3. Displaying Review(s) 1- 16 of 16 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. A Verified Buyer. By Arshad Ali | 5 Jun 2016. Really very good mobile phone for low budget price... 5 out of 5 star. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 5 out of 5 user(s) found this review on XOLO Era X helpful. By Chandrakant Kakade | 8 May 2016. Hi, I am use xolo era last 6 months. There is a big problem to my device. When I connect pen drive that time there is many Android icons shown on it. N also be unfortunately WhatsApp app closed etc.shown that type of error messages. 5 out of 5 star. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 4 out of 4 user(s) found this review on XOLO Era X helpful. D Verified Buyer. By Deepak Singh | 22 Jul 2016. 4 out of 5 star. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 user(s) found this review on XOLO Era X helpful. By Lochan Surana | 13 Jun 2016. I am pleasantly surprised by the quality of camera.. It was a wise decision on my part to buy the product.. 4 out of 5 star. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 1 user(s) found this review on XOLO Era X helpful. By Sanket Avinash Thakre | 10 Aug 2016. nice for frist time using phones. 5 out of 5 star. Was this review helpful? Yes No. N Verified Buyer. By NISHANTH G | 23 Jul 2016. 5 out of 5 star. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By kartik amani | 12 Jul 2016. 5 out of 5 star. Was this review helpful? Yes No. P Verified Buyer. By Palei Lyndemz | 20 Jun 2016. 5 out of 5 star. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Rahul Saikia | 13 Jun 2016. 5 out of 5 star. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Sahil Verma | 11 Jun 2016. The Best Phone At this pRice. 5 out of 5 star. Was this review helpful? Yes No. M Verified Buyer. By Mohamed Razik | 9 May 2016. Nice mobile at this price range ,display is crisp,battery life is above average,all function work flawlessly,I recommend this mobile for everyone who wants mobile below 6k with good quality and features.. 5 out of 5 star. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 1 out of 2 user(s) found this review on XOLO Era X helpful. M Verified Buyer. By Manish Jhanwar | 27 Jul 2016. Xolo era mobile in rang best pcs. 4 out of 5 star. Was this review helpful? Yes No. S Verified Buyer. By Sonal vatkar | 15 Jun 2016. Just in packed the device .. good features has the latest android. 4 out of 5 star. Was this review helpful? Yes No. By Rahmat Ali | 20 Apr 2016. It is good product, the look of the product is awesome, the battery life is good.. You must buy it and use it.. 4 out of 5 star. Was this review helpful? Yes No. 4 out of 5 user(s) found this review on XOLO Era X helpful. M Verified Buyer. By Maquesud Alam | 21 Oct 2017. Xolo Mobile is very Bad Mobile,I suggest to all guys not purchased Xolo Mobile,Because big problems this handset and not good facilities from these care.Very Bad service this mobile.. 1 out of 5 star. Was this review helpful? Yes No. M Verified Buyer. By Mekdam sabab | 14 May 2016. The Xolo era x is really awesome phone .I'm using it and fully satisfied .the only one thing is it doesn't support otg cable But in this price its really awesome phone. 5 out of 5 star. Was this review helpful? Yes No. You can't compare with the below items. About Us Careers Advertise Gadgets English Gadgets Hindi. Returns Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Track Your Order Archives Sitemap RSS. support@gadgets360.com +91-7217-761-114 Monday to Sunday from 10:00 AM - 7:00 PM. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. OTP Login | Forgot Password. Login with Facebook Login with Google. Login With Facebook Login With Google. Login using email or mobile | Forgot Password. gadgets360.com will open in 15 second(s). Latest tech news, product reviews, and more Mobile and tablet finder Stay on top of breaking tech news with notifications Exclusive video content The fastest way to access all Gadgets 360 content. Enter your mobile number to receive the download link. Your browser either doesn't support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Dimensions 5.73 x 2.83 x 0.33 inches (145.5 x 72 x 8.45 mm). Weight 5.01 oz (142 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels. Features Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Shooting Modes Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 16.75 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Talk time (3G) 10.50 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. Data LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 21.1 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features Mass storage device, USB charging. Other Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Find latest Reviews, ratings, Unboxing, Mobile phone launches, Cameras, gadgets, technology news updates. Compare popular Android, iphone, tablets, gadgets, tech and know prices, specifications, features, pros, cons, reviews.. Home Review and Unboxing Products Specs Mobile Phones Compare Mobiles Cameras Android Computer Telecom Check find Fix Errors Tutorial Tips & Tricks Best Top Build Pc Definition. Search for reviews, tech news, gadgets, tutorials, mobiles phones, how to, check find, Tips, Tricks. Home Mobiles Specifications Xolo Xolo Era X. Xolo Era X fb g+ Tweet Linked-in Comments. BUY NOW About Full name XOLO Era X Manufacturer XOLO Model Era X Type Smartphone Price in India RS.5777 Launch Release Date February, 2016. XOLO Era X Specifications 5.0-inch display, at 293 ppi / dpi (pixels per inch) 1.5GHz 4-core processor 2GB RAM 8GB internal memory 8 Megapixel main camera 2500 -mAh battery Android 5.1.1 Lollipop. XOLO Era X Price Full technical specifications pros cons info, key features, VS, Root, Hard reset, screenshots, user manual drivers, Buying price, product detail - Know Review Tips. Model : Era X Smartphone Released on February, 2016.. Price Price in India 5777 INR Price in USA (USD) $ 87 in UK £ 56 GBP MRP in Canadian Dollar 115 CAD in Australia 122 AUD in EURO 78 EUR BUY FROM XOLO Era X Features Network Technology GSM / HSPA / LTE Frequency Bands GSM 900 / 1800 - SIM 1 & SIM 2 ; HSDPA 900 / 2100 ; LTE band 3(1800), 5(850), 40(2300) Speed 4G GPRS Yes, Class 12 EDGE Yes Asus Zenfone Go ZB450KL Gionee M6 Plus Body Dimensions 145.5 x 72 x 8.5 mm Weight 142 grams SIM Dual SIM Display Type IPS LCD Size 5.0 inch Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Touch Yes Protection Corning Gorilla Glass Platform OS Android Soft Version v5.1.1 Lollipop, planned upgrade to v6.0 Marshmallow Chipset Spreadtrum SC9830A CPU Quad-core 1.5GHz GPU Mali 400 Memory Expandable microSD, up to 32 GB Internal / ROM 8 GB RAM 2GB Camera Rear Camera 8 MP Features LED flash, touch to focus, face/smile detection, panorama, HDR Video Recording 1080p at 30fps Front Camera 5MP Sound / Video Fm Radio FM radio Loudspeaker Yes, K-class amplifier and Box Speakers 3.5mm jack Yes Video playback Full HD Connectivity WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n Bluetooth v4.0 GPS Yes, with A-GPS USB microUSB v2.0 USB OTG Other Sensors Sensors Accelerometer, proximity, gravity SAR Battery Battery Removable Li-Po 2500mAh Stand-by Talk time Colors Colors Black Accessories in the Box USB DATA CABLE, Charger, User Guide, Handsfree, Warrant Card Documentation Pros and Cons Advantages Ram, Connectivity, CPU, Display Disadvantages - Main Rivals VS Blu Win HD LTE, Yu Yunique, Lenovo A6000 Plus, Samsung Galaxy J1, Lenovo A7000, MOTO E 2nd gen E2, Infocus M2 4G, Zenfone Go, ZTE Blade Qlux 4G, BLU Vivo Air, Micromax Canvas Xpress 2 E313, Intex Cloud Flash, Intex Aqua Wing and Aqua Raze, Yu Yuphoria, Coolpad Dazen 1, Micromax Canvas Fire 4G+ Q412, Micromax Canvas Pulse 4G E451, Aqua Craze, Intex Cloud 4G Star, Intex Aqua Fish, Micromax Canvas Mega 4G Q417, Videocon Infinium Z55 Krypton, Swipe Elite 2,Xolo Era X, Aqua GenX, Xiaomi Redmi 1s, Phicomm Energy 653 4G, Huawei Honor Holly 2 Plus, Era 4G, Huawei Honor Play 5X, Xolo Era 4K, Intex Cloud Crystal 2.5D, Aqua Star 4G, Micromax Canvas Spark Q380. XOLO Era X MRP in INR / dollars / Prijs Prix preço цена rega: Israel, Uganda, Lebanon, precio Spain, Sao Tome and Principe, Trinidad and Tobago, Tajikistan, Finland, Estonia, Senegal, Greece, Philippines, Uzbekistan, Sweden, Mauritania, Ethiopia, The Bahrain, Aruba, Liberia, Argentina, Harga in Indonesia, Guatemala, Timor-Leste, Marshall Islands, Cyprus, Jamaica, Burma, Romania, Republic of the, Mozambique, Kazakhstan, Bahamas, Egypt, Guinea, Brunei, Haiti, Vanuatu, Kosovo, cena Czech Republic, Cambodia, Libya, Yemen, Slovenia, Austria, Oman, Gambia, Cuba, Kuwait, Portugal, Tanzania, Syria, Macedonia, Qatar, Cote d-Ivoire, Moldova, Sudan, Latvia, Tuvalu, Serbia, Ukraine, Seychelles, Mali, Guyana, Curacao, Palestinian Territories, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Swaziland, Preis Germany, Mongolia, Honduras, Zambia, Somalia, The Georgia, Bulgaria, Benin, Congo, Sint Maarten, Namibia, United Kingdom, Taiwan, South Korea, Netherlands, Slovakia, Australia, Iraq, Malawi, Algeria, Central African Republic, Nepal, Mexico, Palau, Samoa, Morocco, Tunisia, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Ghana, Belize, Sierra Leone, Macau, Barbados, Dominica, Korea, Togo, Congo, Russia, Fiji, Belarus, Costa Rica, Turkmenistan, Bangladesh, Hungary, Malaysia, Belgium, United Arab Emirates, Azerbaijan, Ireland, Dominican Republic, Comoros, prezzo in Italy, South, Vietnam, Colombia, Lesotho, Norway, Nauru, Suriname, Liechtenstein, Angola, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Mauritius, Djibouti, Rwanda, Japan, Botswana, Canada, Maldives, Saint Lucia, Andorra, Paraguay, Poland, Switzerland, Micronesia, Solomon Islands, Equatorial Guinea, Saudi Arabia, Luxembourg,Chennai Delhi Bangalore Kolkata Hyderabad UP Pune Mumbai Albania, Kenya, El Salvador, France, Venezuela, Tonga, Brazil, Burundi, Burkina Faso, Bhutan, Nigeria, Panama, Sri Lanka, Laos, Democratic Republic of the, China, Peru, Turkey, Eritrea, Chile, Cameroon, South Sudan, Armenia, Nicaragua, East Timor (see Timor-Leste), Korea, India, San Marino, Grenada, Netherlands Antilles, Uruguay, Kyrgyzstan, Malta, Iran, Denmark, Pakistan, Niger, Antigua and Barbuda, Ecuador, Thailand, Jordan, Croatia, Montenegro, Holy See, North Korea, Iceland, Singapore, New Zealand, Monaco, Lithuania, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, North, Kiribati, Gabon, Hong Kong, Cape Verde, Papua New-Guinea, Madagascar, South Africa, Bolivia and Zimbabwe. Related Articles LG L60 Dual Asus ZenFone Selfie ZD551KL Apple iPad Wi-Fi + 3G Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016) SM-T285. How to take Screenshot in XOLO Era X photos, images phone, Unlock for free via Hard reset Factory reset, root. Buy Era X cases, Flip covers, tempered glass screen protector from sale and check pictures, latest offers updates available for lowest price best buy online top internet deals, discount cashback from Kogan, Shopclues, Argos, Amazon UK , Aliexpress, Alibaba, Overstock, Staples, USA, Newegg, JB Hi-Fi, BestBuy, Walmart, Ebay, Amazon India, Tesco Snapdeal, flipkart, etc. Drivers and Guide or Instruction / User Manual. Know APN NET settings details for 2G / 4G / 3G / GPRS, know complete technical specifications and contract mobile phone plans. Solve fix cellphones errors stuck on logo, slow running, lag issues, crashing, tech Tips to make it run faster (speed optimization).. CATEGORIES Mobiles Specifications Xolo. TAGS 4G quad core xolo XOLO Era. XOLO Q3000 XOLO A550s IPS XOLO LT2000 XOLO Q2000 XOLO Q700s Plus XOLO Q900s Plus XOLO Q1100 Xolo WIN Q1000. Post Your Opinion Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Notify me of follow-up comments by email.. Notify me of new posts by email.. Xolo Era 4K BLU Energy X 2 E050U. Apple Samsung Alcatel Asus BLU BQ Celkon Coolpad Gionee HTC Huawei iBall InFocus Intex Karbonn Lava Lenovo LG Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MyPHONE Nokia Oneplus Oppo Panasonic SONY Spice Videocon Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo YU Zopo ZTE. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro Xiaomi Mi Note 3 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Huawei Honor 7X BND-L21. BlitzWolf BW-F4 xBass Bluetooth Speaker Review and unboxing. Twitter Facebook YouTube Google + plus. Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace SM-J110H/DD YU Yunique YU4711 Samsung Galaxy J7 SM-J700F Samsung Galaxy J5 SM-J500F Micromax Canvas 5 E481. TOP BEST ANDROID Phone with 4G LTE under 5000 RS / $100 USD Best Android Phones Under 15000 RS / $250 USD Best Android Phones with 3G RAM Under RS 15000 / $250 Best Android Phones under 25000 RS or $400 USD. How to Switch / Change 2G to 3G 4G LTE only Network mode in Android Phone How to Configure Internet APN Settings on any Android phone How to Remove or Add Google Gmail Account on Android Phone How to Clear App Data, Cache, Defaults and Force stop in Android phone. Copyright © 2013 - 2018 KnowReviewTip.com is a Property of MSEOZ .. ALL rights reserved | Know Review Tips About | Advertise | Contact | Privacy Policy and Disclaimer. Share on facebook status Share on Google Plus Share as Tweet Share on Linkedin Business profile. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Orders Try Prime Your Lists Cart. Your Amazon.in Today's Deals Amazon Pay Sell Customer Service. 5 star 28% 4 star 19% 3 star 15% 2 star 9% 1 star 29%. This page works best with JavaScript. Disabling it will result in some disabled or missing features. You can still see all customer reviews for the product.. See all 436 positive reviews ›. 4.0 out of 5 stars battery backup is not superb but it is satisfied, 1. By Sahil Kaushal 9023939282 on 26 January 2017. I m using era x since last 6 months .According to price5500₹ it is ok 4g volte supported, battery backup is not superb but it is satisfied, 1 .front camera has flash that is ok , 2. For average use it is perfect. K amplifier speaker that's also good not like as Dolby but sound clarity is good. Internal storage for use is only 4.87 GB that is not good u should need memory card for increase memory. That's mean it does not break or get crack easily. From looking it looks good , rubbish finish at backcover , metal looking edges but it is plastic , overall built in quality is perfect. Era x has smart feature like oppo or vivo smartphone such as double tap screen on etc. 3, 4 times era x dropped from my hand but their is no breakage take place it's mean it's built quality is good .. See all 485 critical reviews ›. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. By Amazon Customer on 15 August 2016. Mobile is not giving good service, it's mic jack and charger port not working. All reviewers Verified purchase only All reviewers Filter by:. All stars 5 star only 4 star only 3 star only 2 star only 1 star only All positive All critical All stars. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars battery backup is not superb but it is satisfied, 1. By Sahil Kaushal 9023939282 on 26 January 2017. I m using era x since last 6 months .According to price5500₹ it is ok 4g volte supported, battery backup is not superb but it is satisfied, 1 .front camera has flash that is ok , 2. For average use it is perfect. K amplifier speaker that's also good not like as Dolby but sound clarity is good. Internal storage for use is only 4.87 GB that is not good u should need memory card for increase memory. That's mean it does not break or get crack easily. From looking it looks good , rubbish finish at backcover , metal looking edges but it is plastic , overall built in quality is perfect. Era x has smart feature like oppo or vivo smartphone such as double tap screen on etc. 3, 4 times era x dropped from my hand but their is no breakage take place it's mean it's built quality is good .. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. By Amazon Customer on 15 August 2016. Mobile is not giving good service, it's mic jack and charger port not working. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars i request all my brother and sisters please do not .... By Arti Sharma on 6 December 2017. i request all my brother and sisters please do not buy any appliance of Xolo company because the customer care centers of this company are thieves, frauders. when i went to the customer care center to repair my phone, one of the representative of the center take my phone and repaired my speaker phone which was not working but when i came back to my home and use the spea XoLo Era X (Black) ker of my phone, it is not working. Rather my phone was completely finished and neither it was switched on nor it was switched off. when i went to the service center again and complaint about this, the customer care machenic said that ''''' aapke phone ka to mother board hi khraab h, ab iska kuch nhi ho skta'' and after that i consult to the manager of this service center and told him everything about this thing. But i was shocked when he said that why you purchased this company phone through online, xolo company ki to market me demand hi nhi h or ye company to ab band ho gai h. when i went to the service center, my phone has only one little problem, but when i came back to the service center with my phone, my phone was completely damaged. Most of the parts of my phone had lost. One more thing i want to share with all of you that i talk to an uncle who was also sitting in the service center at that time when i was reparing my phone. I was shocked when he told me that i am coming in this service center since 5-6 days and i am also facing the same problem. Uncle also suggested me that please repair your phone from any other private shop or machenic because these service center employees are cheaters. It is the incidence of Kaithal district, Haryana State, India and service center is situated in Mata Gate main road, old city kaithal, haryana.. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Really a best and worthy product (with VOLTE). By JAMAL on 28 November 2016. This product is really so good and perfect. We can take pictures very clearly. 4G connectivity with VOLTE is really so good and gives a robust performance. Using JIO SIM is really we get very fast and high speed 4G internet with VOLTE features for HD clear voice and video calls. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Please don't waste your hard earned money on this mobile. By Amazon Customer on 2 November 2016. Dear All, Please don't waste your hard earned money on this mobile. Mine already started malfunctioning in 15 days, its no longer CHARGING. Seems they provide the worst quality batteries. Its waste of time to visit its service center to get it fixed / replaced.. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars Cheap but high quality.. By Pankaj srivastav on 16 October 2017. I liked this phone very much.This phone worked beyond my expectations.I am thinking that is a cheap phone so it should not have that quality but this product impressed me.It's camera is very good and clicks photo clearly.This is a cheap phone but it have high quality.. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 1.0 out of 5 stars Very Poor battery and Defective product received.. By Amazon Customer on 6 January 2017. Only one Sim slot in working conditions and Worst Battery performance.... Unable to charge within one and half months... Bought this phone as it was an Indian company product but now I repent my decision... Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 3.0 out of 5 stars How to upgrade to marshmallow... By Amazon Customer on 23 January 2017. the model number is not given in unofficial file download.. If any one know about that please text me... Waiting for your response...3 stars for the phone is it's heating issue and a bit hanging and storage space not 8gb. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars Its a good product for this much of money u bought it .... By syam isac on 6 September 2016. Its a good product for this much of money u bought it for my friend well it got 2gb of ram 4 core processor got 4g and lot more its a very good product for this amount. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars this phone is verry bad....... By Amazon Customer on 27 September 2016. Sabse bekar phone I use this phone put its screen is very bekarrrrrr..... And its battery is also kharabbbbbb...... Don't buy this phone if you believe me don't buy this phone If you have a question call me 8740096006 24 hours call. Was this review helpful to you?. Talk about why you like this review, or ask a question.. Paste the product's web address below:. Only products offered on Amazon can be linked.. In the text of your review, you can link directly to any product offered on Amazon.in. To insert a product link, follow these steps:. Find the product you want to reference on Amazon.in. Copy the web address of the product. Click Insert product link. Paste the web address in the box. Selecting the item displayed will insert text that looks like this:. When your review is displayed on Amazon.in, this text will be transformed into a hyperlink, like so: Hamlet (The Pelican Shakespeare). You are limited to 10 product links in your review, and your link text may not be longer than 256 characters.. Please write at least one word. You must be in good standing in the Amazon community to post.. Your message will not be posted. Please see our guidelines regarding objectionable content.. You must purchase at least one item from Amazon to post a comment. A problem occurred while submitting your comment. There was a problem loading comments right now. ← Previous 1 2 3 4 ... Questions? Get fast answers from reviewers. Please make sure that you've entered a valid question. You can edit your question or post anyway.. Xolo Era 1X 4G with Volte (Chocolate Brown-Gold, 8GB). 2.8 out of 5 stars 205. DOOR OF FASHION Battery Compatible For XOLO ERA With Warranty. 5.0 out of 5 stars 1. 2.5 out of 5 stars 210. 2.8 out of 5 stars 357. XOLO ERA 3 (4G VOLTE with 8MP Front Camera) (Posh Black). 3.6 out of 5 stars 5. Need customer service? Click here. ‹ See all details for XoLo Era X (Black). Unlimited FREE fast delivery, video streaming & more. Prime members enjoy FREE One-Day and Two-Day delivery on eligible items, unlimited video streaming, exclusive access to top deals & more.. About Us Careers Press Releases Amazon Cares Gift a Smile Facebook Twitter Instagram Sell on Amazon Become an Affiliate Fulfilment by Amazon Advertise Your Products Amazon Pay on Merchants Your Account Returns Centre 100% Purchase Protection Amazon Assistant Help. Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Netherlands Spain United Kingdom United States. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. DPReview Digital Photography. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Look.com Kids' Clothing & Shoes. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Amazon Now 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
We would like to send you awesome offers!. Notifications can be turned off anytime from settings.. Sorry!! No result found for "OK".Please press enter for search.. If you are a new user. Please refresh the page and try again.. Please refresh the page and try again.. New product price is lower than exchange product price. Please check the updated No Cost EMI details on the payment page. Exchange offer is not applicable with this product. Exchange Offer cannot be clubbed with Bajaj Finserv for this product. Product price & seller has been updated as per Bajaj Finserv EMI option. Your item has been added to Shortlist.. Your Item has been added to Shopping List. Remove below items from the cart. Return form will be sent to your email Id:. Want this item in next 24 hours?. Get an instant SMS with a link to download the Snapdeal App. Please Enter a Valid 10 Digit Number.. Yes, Send Me A Link To The App. XOLO Era X (8GB) is sold out.. You have reached the maximum number of selection. You can select only upto 4 items to compare.. You have already selected this product.. This product has been sold out. We will let you know when in stock. You will be notified when this product will be in stock. Dial *#06# to get your IMEI Number. In case of device support issues, try new Snapdeal App. Exchange device should not be broken & it should be in working condition.. Try new Snapdeal App for higher exchange discount. Exchange device should not be broken & it should be in working condition.. Screen Size (in cm):12.7 cm (5). Handset, Charger Adapter,USB Cable/Data Cable, Earphone, Screen Guard, User manual, Warranty Card. Dual SIM (4G + 4G) one at a time can support 4G. Android Lollipop 5.1 with guaranteed upgrade to Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Front Flash, Audio Note, Smile Detection, Slow Motion Video Capture, Panaroma, Burst Mode, Location Capture, HDR. Up to 16 Hrs (2G); 10 Hrs (3G). 145.5 x 72 x 8.45 mm. The XOLO Era X 8 GB is a high-tech gadget that fulfils all the criteria of an advanced smartphone. It uses an Android OS with v5.1.1 (Lollipop) and can be upgraded to the v6.0 (Marshmallow). This XOLO mobile phone uses high-quality components which add to its excellent reliability. It uses a Spreadtrum SC9830A chipset and a quad-core 1.5 GHz processor that makes multitasking as easy as possible. Available on Snapdeal, this XOLO mobile phone can be yours with an easy shopping experience.. The XOLO Era X 8 GB is the apt companion for those who want to better manage their office and personal life, as it is a dual-SIM mobile phone. The phone is provided with two SIM card slots and this adds to its convenience. The phone facilitates three types of networking options namely GSM, HSPA and LTE. HSPA refers to High-Speed Packet Access and thus enhances the download and upload speed.. This phone is equipped with a high-definition IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen and 16.7 M colours. The display is crystal clear, making it suitable for viewing high-quality images and videos. It provides a resolution of 720x1280 pixels and has a display size of 12.7 cm.. Quad-Core 1.5 GHz Processor and 2 GB RAM. The XOLO Era X 8GB is an advanced gadget that hosts the Spreadtrum SC9830A chipset and a quad-core 1.5 GHz processor. It has a high-speed 2 GB RAM which makes multitasking a hassle-free and fast process. This combination makes it stand up as one of the best mobile phones available in the market.. This XOLO smartphone is installed with an amazing v5.1.1 (Lollipop), that can further be upgraded to a v6.0 (Marshmallow). The OS used in the XOLO Era X combined with the high-performance processor makes this a fine gadget to own.. The XOLO Era X 8 GB has an advanced 8 MP camera that makes clicking wonderful pictures easy. The camera facilitates modes such as Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, panorama and HDR. For the selfie addicts, it also hosts a 5 MP secondary camera.. This new mobile is provided with an 8 GB internal storage capacity and also features a microSD slot for users who need heavy story. The external memory is limited to 32 GB.. XOLO Era X is equipped with a removable lithium polymer, high-energy density battery. It has a capacity of 2500 mAh and is a very efficient power source to the Era X.. The images represent actual product though color of the image and product may slightly differ.. For warranty-related claims, please contact the brand service centre.. Was this information helpful to you?. Thank You for submitting your response.. Expand your business to millions of customers. More Mobile Phones From Xolo. Got a question? Look no further.. Browse our FAQs or submit your query here.. Download the app and get exciting. app only offers at your fingertips. Please enter a valid email address.. Register now to get updates on promotions and. About Snapdeal – India’s Ultimate Online Shopping Site. Snapdeal’s vision is to create India’s most reliable and frictionless commerce ecosystem that creates life-changing experiences for buyers and sellers. In February 2010, Kunal Bahl along with Rohit Bansal, started Snapdeal.com - India’s largest online shopping marketplace, with the widest assortment of 35 million plus products across 800 plus diverse categories from over 125,000 regional, national, and international brands and retailers. With millions of users and more than 300,000 sellers, Snapdeal is the online shopping site for Internet users across the country, delivering to 6000+ cities and towns in India. In its journey till now, Snapdeal has partnered with several global marquee investors and individuals such as SoftBank, BlackRock, Temasek, Foxconn, Alibaba, eBay Inc., Premji Invest, Intel Capital, Bessemer Venture Partners, Mr. Online Shopping – A Boon The trend of online shopping is becoming a household name and so is Snapdeal. Snapdeal is the preferred choice of hundreds of thousands of online shoppers given its mammoth assortment of 15 million+ products, quick delivery even to the remotest corners of the country, and daily deals, discounts & offers to make products available at slashed down prices to our valuable customers. Get Started! Shop Online Today at Snapdeal If you have been missing out on all the fun of online shopping thinking it requires one to be a technology aficionado then we have good news for you. Shopping online particularly at Snapdeal is a child’s play; all you need is a mobile phone or laptop or tablet with Internet connection to get started. Simply log into Snapdeal.com and browse through the wide assortment of products across categories. Once you have zeroed in on your favorite products, simply place the order by filling in the details; the products will be delivered right at your doorstep. Fulfill Your Entrepreneurial Dreams! Sell Today at Snapdeal Thanks to easy-to-understand, flexible policies and SD Advisors to help sellers at each step, anyone from a manufacturer to wholesaler to retailer can sell on Snapdeal. Begin your entrepreneurial journey with Snapdeal as a seller by filling a simple registration form here. Once the registration process is done, you can start selling your products to the entire country by sitting at your home or office. Doesn't it sound thrilling? Of course, it is and the excitement will build up with every order you receive! Start selling at Snapdeal today and see your business reach staggering heights. Shop on the Go – Install Snapdeal App Today! You can shop for your favourite products at Snapdeal even on the go using Snapdeal App. Available for both Android and Apple users, the app can be downloaded from Google Play Store and Apple App Store respectively. The app is quick, user-friendly, and enables shoppers buy products with a breeze. What's more, get timely notifications on your phone or tablet so that you don't miss amazing deals and offers. Download the app right now and experience how fun it is to shop on your mobile!. Copyright © 2017, Jasper Infotech Private Limited. 
DIMENSION: 145.5 x 72 x 8.5 mm. XOLO Era X Android Smartphone was launched in February 2016. It is priced in India at Rs. 5499 ($80.87), running on the Spreadtrum SC9830A processor. The phone has 2 GB RAM and 8 GB of internal storage which is expandable using microSD, up to 32 GB.. The XOLO Era X has a 5.0 inches HD, 720 x 1280 pixels IPS display with a pixel density of 294 ppi. Coming to cameras, it has a 8 MP rear camera and a 5 MP front camera for selfies. It has a microUSB port for data syncing and charging. There is a accelerometer sensor present on the XOLO Era X. It is a dual SIM smartphone with support for 4G LTE, Wi-Fi, FM Radio, Bluetooth and GPS too.. The XOLO Era X runs on Android OS, v5.1.1 (Lollipop), planned upgrade to v6.0 (Marshmallow) and all this is powered by a 2500 mAh battery. It measures 145.5 x 72 x 8.5 mm (height x width x thickness).. 145.5 x 72 x 8.5 mm (5.73 x 2.83 x 0.33 in). GSM 900 / 1800 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. SMS, MMS, Push Mail, EMail, IM. Android OS, v5.1.1 (Lollipop), planned upgrade to v6.0 (Marshmallow). Quad-core 1.5 GHz, Spreadtrum SC9830A [Browse Similar]. 2 GB [Browse Similar]. 8 MP [Browse Similar]. Autofocus, Geo-tagging, Touch Focus, Face/smile Detection, Panorama, HDR. 5 MP, LED flash [Similar]. HSPA 21.1/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. XOLO Era 1X Budget 4G smartphone with VoLTE support launched for Rs. Reliance Jio SIM Cards, 90 days unlimited data now available for Gionee, Karbonn, Lava, Xolo, TCL and Alcatel 4G smartphones. Nokia 6 gets an Android One edition at MWC 2018, runs Oreo out of the box. Huawei MateBook X Pro comes with a 13.9-inch FullView Touchscreen display and a wonky camera design. Copyright © PhoneBunch | Advertise | Contact Us | Terms of Use. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Price Overview Complete Specs Competitors News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Available in India | Launch Date in India: February 2016 |. (3.1/5) 921 ratings Rate now. 8MP Primary Camera, 5 MP Front Camera. 5.0 inches 720 x 1280 pixels. Quad Core 1.5 GHz Cortex A7. Xolo ERA X (Black, 8 GB)(2 GB RAM) 4,999 Go to Store XoLo Era X (Black) 6,449 Go to Store. XOLO Era X comes with a 5.0 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Quad Core 1.5 GHz Cortex A7, MediaTek that is coupled with Mali-400 MP2 GPU,. RAM and 8 GB Storage, 2 GB RAM default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 32 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the XOLO Era X sports a 8.0 MegaPixels Camera with Yes, Geo Tagging.. Up front, the smartphone from XOLO makes use of a 5.0 Megapixels Secondary Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the XOLO Era X includes Wi-Fi 802.11, b/g/n, Mobile Hotspot , v4.0, A2DP, Yes, microUSB v2.0, Yes, with A-GPS support.. The XOLO Era X gets the power from a Non-removable Li-Ion 2500 mAh battery.. The XOLO Era X runs Android OS, v5.1.1 (Lollipop).. The smartphone is priced at Rs. Flipkart, Amazon and leading offline stores.. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v5.1.1 (Lollipop) Device type Smart Phone ANNOUNCED Status Available in India Global Release Date February 2016 Indian Release Date February 2016 BODY Dimensions 146 x 72 x 8.0 mm Weight 141 g DISPLAY Screen size 5.0 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD PROCESSOR CPU Quad Core 1.5 GHz Cortex A7 GPU Mali-400 MP2 Chipset MediaTek STORAGE Internal Storage 8 GB Storage, 2 GB RAM External Storage Up to 32 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 8.0 MegaPixels Camera Front Camera 5.0 Megapixels Secondary Camera Video Recording Yes Camera Features Geo Tagging MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, AMR-NB, Wav, AAC Video Player MPEG4, H263,H.264, .MP4 Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Non-removable Li-Ion 2500 mAh battery Stand by Up to 736 hrs Talk time Up to 16 hrs 30 min CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11, b/g/n, Mobile Hotspot Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP Infrared Port NA USB Yes, microUSB v2.0 GPS Facility Yes, with A-GPS support Browser Yes, HTML5 3G Speed HSDPA , LTE NETWORK SUPPORT 3G WCDMA 900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz (Dual Sim) 4G LTE. 1 GB 8MP. 2 GB 8MP. 2 GB 13MP. 1 GB 8MP. XOLO Era 2X (16GB - 3GB RAM). About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Hot Deals Apps Auto Tech Mobiles Internet Laptops Compare How-To Opinions Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Subscribe Advertise. Menu Top10 Reviews News & Launches In Depth MWC 2018 Forum SKOAR Hot Deals Languages:. Click here to catch all the action live. Mobiles Help Me Buy Laptops Auto Tech Internet Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Buy Digit Subscribe Current/ past issue Advertise Devworx Ask Digit. हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी മലയാളം தமிழ் भोजपुरी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ অসমীয়া اردو. Digit Mobile Phones Xolo Xolo Era X. Xolo Era X Brief Description. Check out the Best Price in India for the Xolo Era X at Rs. 4999 available at flipkart Xolo Era X Specification Check out how Xolo Era X ranks in Digit's Top 10:. Please enter your email to be informed whenever the price of this product reaches your Target Price. Subscribe here to further receive Related Stories, Product Reviews, Launches & Best Deals. Xolo Era X is currently available at the best price of: ₹4,999. Xolo Era X Price in India. Xolo Era X was launched in May 2017 & runs on Android 5.1 upgradeable to 6.0 OS. The Smartphone is available only in one color i.e. Black & provides a host of connectivity options in terms of 3G, 4G, GPS, Wifi Bluetooth capabilities. 4999 the phone is available with 8 GB of internal storage.. The Smartphone is powered by 1.5 GHz Quad core SPREADTRUM SC9830A Processor. A 2 GB of RAM & Mali 400 graphics processor ensures phone runs smoothly even the most memory intensive applications & still shows no signs of lag. 8 GB of internal storage can be expanded to 32 GB via a microSD card.. The Phone comes with a 2500 mAh battery to support it's 5 inch screen with HD IPS LCD Capacitive touchscreen display having a resolution of 720 x 1280 at 294 ppi. The screen is also protected by a Corning Gorilla Glass.. Xolo Era X comes with a 8 megapixel rear Camera and 5 megapixel front Camera. The Smartphone has a low camera aperture of 2.8. It also supports Face Detection and high dynamic range(HDR) imaging.. Xolo Era X Price In India Starts From Rs. The best price of Xolo Era X is Rs.4999 on flipkart ,. This phone is available in 8 GB storage variants. Xolo Era X is available in Black colours across various online stores in India.. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. The latest price of Xolo Era X was obtained on 26th February 2018, 15:09:24 The Xolo Era X is available on flipkart. Buy Xolo Era X online in India for the lowest price.. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Xolo Era X is available in Black across various online stores in India.. HD IPS LCD Capacitive touchscreen display. Ranks #2 in Best Phone Under 6000. Xolo ERA X (Black, 8 GB)(2 GB.... Moto C Plus (Pearl White, 16.... Honor 9i (Graphite Black, 64.... Write a Review on Xolo Era X. Xolo unveils Era 4G smartphone priced at Rs 4,777. [Update] The Era 4G will now have Android Marshmallow. The update will be available OTA, alternatively users can look for the update by going.... Xolo launches Era HD smartphone in India, at Rs. Xolo has launched the Era HD smartphone in India. The device is priced at Rs. 4,777, and is available in&nbsp;Rocky Grey finish. Micromax Canvas Spark 4G to be launched on November 10 for Rs. Micromax has announced that it will launch a new 4G LTE supporting smartphone, called the Micromax Canvas 4G Spark, in November. Buy Now In Xolo Mobile Phones Popular. Xolo Era 2X Popular in Mobile Phones. Tenor (10.or E) 3GB 32 GB. Xolo ERA X (Black, 8 GB)(2 GB.... Honor 6X (Gold, 32GB). Lenovo K8 Plus (Venom Black, 32.... Xolo Era X comparison Compare Xolo Era X vs. Xolo Era 1X Compare Xolo Era X vs. Sansui Horizon 2 Compare Xolo Era X vs. Xiaomi Redmi 2 Compare Xolo Era X vs. Ziox Astra Metal 4G Compare Xolo Era X vs. Lava A72 Compare Xolo Era X vs. Panasonic P75 Compare Xolo Era X vs. Micromax Canvas Unite 4 Pro Compare Xolo Era X vs. Intex Aqua Ring Compare Xolo Era X vs. Intex Aqua Strong 5.1 Compare Xolo Era X vs. Xolo ERA X (Black, 8 GB)(2 GB.... Honor 6X (Gold, 32GB). OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB.... Xolo ERA X (Black, 8 GB)(2 GB... ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE PRIVACY TERMS SITEMAP HTML. Digit caters to the largest community of tech buyers, users and enthusiasts in India. The all new Digit.in continues the legacy of Thinkdigit.com as one of the largest portals in India committed to technology users and buyers. Digit is also one of the most trusted names when it comes to technology reviews and buying advice and is home to the Digit Test Lab, India's most proficient center for testing and reviewing technology products.. We are about leadership – the 9.9 kind! Building a leading media company out of India. And, grooming new leaders for this promising industry.. Copyright © 2007-14 Nine Dot Nine Mediaworx Pvt. 
Mon, Feb 26, 2018 | Updated 05.04 PM IST. Gadgets Now TOI Home News shop Gadgets Reviews compare Slideshows Videos Top Gadgets More. Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets. Fintech Revolut Britain's first digital bank to break even Success in India is based on studying, having a job...where’s the creativity, says Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak Samsung Galaxy S9, S9+ launched: Specs, price and availability in India Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Samsung Galaxy S8: Comparison Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest news and updates These smartphones can get you extra Rs 20,000 discount on Apple iPhone X Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Galaxy S9+: What's the difference Nokia smartphones' 2018 lineup is here Flipkart ahead of Amazon in smartphone 2017 sales: Report Crypto 'noobs' learn to cope with wild swings in digital coins. Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Brands Infographics Checklist How To Featured infocus Specials. Gadgets Now » Compare Mobile Phones » XOLO Era 2X 2GB RAM. vs XOLO Era X Mobile Phones. Compare XOLO Era 2X 2GB RAM. performance Quad core Quad core display 5" (12.7 cm) 5.0" (12.7 cm) storage 16 GB 8 GB camera 8 MP 8 MP battery 2500 mAh 2500 mAh ram 2 GB 2 GB fingerprint sensor position Back - other sensors Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer fingerprint sensor Yes No quick charging No No operating system Android v6.0 (Marshmallow) Android v5.1 (Lollipop) sim slots Dual SIM, GSM+GSM Dual SIM, GSM+GSM model Era 2X 2GB RAM Era X launch date January 9, 2017 (Official) - brand XOLO XOLO sim size SIM1: Micro SIM2: Micro SIM1: Micro SIM2: Micro network 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available fingerprint sensor Yes No loudspeaker Yes Yes fm radio Yes Yes audio jack 3.5 mm 3.5 mm chipset MediaTek MT6737 Spreadtrum SC9830A graphics Mali-T720 MP1 Mali-400 MP2 processor Quad core, 1.25 GHz, Cortex A53 Quad core, 1.5 GHz, Cortex A7 architecture 64 bit - ram 2 GB 2 GB thickness 9.5 mm 8.0 mm width 72.3 mm 72 mm height 144 mm 146 mm colours Black, Latte Gold Black display type IPS LCD IPS LCD screen to body ratio 66.04 % 65.41 % pixel density 294 ppi 294 ppi screen protection No Corning Gorilla Glass screen size 5 inches (12.7 cm) 5.0 inches (12.7 cm) screen resolution HD (720 x 1280 pixels) HD (720 x 1280 pixels) touch screen Yes Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Yes Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch internal memory 16 GB 8 GB expandable memory Yes Up to 32 GB Yes Up to 32 GB settings Exposure compensation, ISO control Exposure compensation aperture F2.4 - camera features Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Smile detection, Touch to focus image resolution 3264 x 2448 Pixels 3264 x 2448 Pixels sensor CMOS image sensor CMOS image sensor autofocus No No shooting modes Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) resolution 5 MP Front Camera 5 MP Front Camera optical image stabilisation No No flash Yes Screen flash Yes LED Flash video recording 1920x1080 @ 30 fps 1920x1080 @ 30 fps user replaceable Yes Yes talktime Up to 12 Hours(3G) / Up to 16 Hours(2G) Up to 10.5 Hours(3G) / Up to 16.5 Hours(2G) type Li-ion Li-ion capacity 2500 mAh 2500 mAh wifi Yes Wi-Fi 802.11, b/g/n Yes Wi-Fi 802.11, b/g/n wifi features Mobile Hotspot Mobile Hotspot bluetooth Yes v4.0 Yes v4.0 volte Yes Yes nfc No No network support 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G gps Yes with A-GPS, Glonass Yes with A-GPS sim 1 4G Bands:TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3) / 850(band 5)3G Bands: UMTS 2100 / 900 MHz2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Speed: 50 Mbit/s ? 150 Mbit/s ? (LTE category 4)3G Speed: HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ?, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s ?GPRS:Available EDGE:Available 4G Bands:TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3) / 850(band 5)3G Bands: UMTS 2100 / 900 MHz2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 900 MHz GPRS:Available EDGE:Available sim size SIM1: Micro, SIM2: Micro SIM1: Micro SIM2: Micro sim 2 4G Bands: TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3) / 850(band 5)3G Bands: UMTS 2100 / 900 MHz 2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz 4G Speed: 50 Mbit/s ? 150 Mbit/s ? (LTE category 4) 3G Speed: HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ? GPRS:Available EDGE:Available 4G Bands: TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3) / 850(band 5)3G Bands: UMTS 2100 / 900 MHz 2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 900 MHz GPRS:Available EDGE:Available Price ₹ 6,666 ₹ 5,777 Rating N/A N/A. Summary special features general multimedia performance design display storage camera battery network connectivity. X XOLO Era 2X 2GB RAM. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Gold (16GB) ₹ 10590. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (Black, 3GB RAM + 32GB Memory) ₹ 12990. LG V30+ (18:9 OLED FullVisionTM, 128GB) - Black ₹ 44990. Honor View 10 (Midnight Black, 6GB RAM + 128GB memory) ₹ 29999. Samsung Galaxy A8+ (Black, 6GB RAM + 64GB Memory) ₹ 32990. OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB RAM + 64GB memory) ₹ 32999. Infocus Vision 3 (Midnight Black, 18:9 FullVision Display) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Dark Grey, 32GB) ₹ 8999. Infocus Vision 3 (Premium Gold, 18:9 FullVision Display) ₹ 6999. Redmi Note 4 (Dark Grey, 64GB) ₹ 11999. Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 12999. Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB) ₹ 10999. 10.or E (Beyond Black, 3 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Dark Grey, 64GB) ₹ 10999. Redmi 4 (Black, 32 GB) ₹ 8999. OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 8GB RAM + 128GB memory) ₹ 37999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 64 GB) ₹ 10999. InFocus Turbo 5 Plus (Midnight Black, Dual Rear Camera) ₹ 8999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 32 GB) ₹ 8999. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime (Gold, 32GB) ₹ 13990. Redmi 4 (Black, 64 GB) ₹ 10999. Mi Max 2 (Black, 64GB) ₹ 15999. Nokia 6 (Matte Black, 32GB) ₹ 14999. Lenovo K8 Note (Venom Black, 4GB) ₹ 11999. Moto G5s Plus (Lunar Grey, 64GB) ₹ 14999. Coolpad Cool Play 6 (Sheen Black, 6GB RAM+64GB Memory) ₹ 14999. Sony Xperia R1 Dual (Black, 16GB) with Memory Card ₹ 12795. Mi Max 2 (Black, 32 GB) ₹ 13999. Coolpad Note 5 Lite (Royal Gold, 3GB RAM + 16 GB) ₹ 7499. Gionee M7 Power (Black) ₹ 16999. Alcatel A5 LED 5085I (Metallic Silver) ₹ 12999. Coolpad Cool 1 (Silver, 4GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 10999. Alcatel A7 (Metallic Black, 4GB RAM, 32GB) ₹ 13999. Coolpad Cool 1 (Gold, 3GB RAM + 32GB memory) ₹ 8999. Redmi 4 (Black, 16 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi 4 (Gold, 16 GB) ₹ 6999. Redmi Y1 (Gold, 32GB) ₹ 8999. Redmi Y1 Lite (Grey,16GB) ₹ 6999. Honor 7X (Blue, 4GB RAM + 64GB memory) ₹ 15999. Redmi Note 4 (Black, 64GB) ₹ 10995. Nokia 6 (Silver, 32GB) ₹ 14999. Popular Comparisons Compare XOLO Era 2X 2GB RAM vs XOLO Era X Compare XOLO Era 1X Pro vs Yu Yunique 2 Compare XOLO Era 2 vs XOLO Era 2X 2GB RAM Compare XOLO Era 2X 2GB RAM 16GB vs XOLO Era X Compare XOLO Era 2V vs XOLO Era 2X 2GB RAM Compare XOLO Black 3GB RAM vs XOLO Era 2X 2GB RAM Compare XOLO Era 2X 2GB RAM vs XOLO Era 3X Compare XOLO Black 3GB RAM vs XOLO Era 2X 2GB RAM 16GB. Popular Posts Best Camera Phones in India Phones under Rs. 20,000 Phones under 15000 in India Phones under Rs. 10,000 Best Laptops under Rs.30,000 4G Phones Under Rs,10,000. Popular Categories Android Mobile Phone Dual Sim Mobile Phone 4G Mobiles Tablets Online Top Gadgets 2017 Upcoming Mobiles. About Us Contact Us RSS Return Policy Bulk Buy. Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Sell with us. Vivo V5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy J2 Moto E4 Samsung Galaxy On7 Oppo F3 Plus. Honor 8 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5. Popular Gadgets VU TV Xiaomi Mi Band Intex Power Bank Ambrane Power Bank Xiaomi Power Bank Micromax TV Samsung TV Lloyd TV LG TV Sony TV Acer Laptops Lenovo laptops HP laptops Dell Laptop. Mobile Phones Nokia Mobiles Intex Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Apple iPhones Moto Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Blackberry Mobiles Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Lyf Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Lava Mobiles. Trending Stories Aadhaar Card Sundar Pichai Redmi 4 Sale on Amazon Xiaomi Redmi 4A Sale Mukesh Ambani Airtel Offers Vodafone Offer Paytm. Trending Topics Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime Honor V10 iPhone 8 Plus OnePlus 6 SAMSUNG GALAXY A8 2018 HUAWEI MATE 10 OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Honor 6A Vivo V7 Moto X4 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 5 PRO Redmi Note 5. Copyright © 2018 Bennett Coleman & Co. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service. 
Welcome, visitor! [ Register | Login ]. Post ROM Home Categories Gapps & APK & Tools & Tuto Contact us Donate. * Search Rom - Gapps-Tools-Tuto - OTHERS ACER Advan Alcatel Allview Archos Asus Avvio Azumi Blackview Blu BLUBOO Cherry Mobile Condor COOLPAD. CUBOT DEXP DOOGEE Elephone Evercoss FLY GFIVE GIONEE HAIER HDC Hisense HTC HUAWEI InnJoo Intex JIAYU Karbonn. Landvo LAVA Leagoo LeEco LENOVO LG M-Horse Meizu MICROMAX MOTOROLA OPPO ORRO Oukitel Prestigio QMobile Real 1:1 SAMSUNG. SONY ERICSSON Spreadtrum Symphony TCL THL Ulefone Umidigi Verykool VIVO Vkworld Walton X-BO XIAOMI XOLO XTOUCH ZOPO ZTE. Home » XOLO » - OTHER SUB - » XOLO ERA X. Title: XOLO ERA X Listed: 06/03/2016 3:39 pm ROM Version: ROM Android 5.1. You must be logged for ROM download.. Overall Rating : 2. Listed by: SoCr@Te Member Since: 05/15/0470. X Version: Xolo_era_X_S113_20160302 – sp9830aef5mvolteoversea64-user 5.1 LMY47D. 1 Unpack ROM and extract Xolo_era_X_S113_20160302.pac 2 Run UpgradeDownload or FactoryDownload, connect your android device to the computer 3 Click on "Load packet" and add the .pac 4 Click on "Start" 5 During the flashing your mobile will restart automatically 6 Finish. ※Please make a backup of your device before installing or updating ROM. 3 Responses to “XOLO ERA X”. ashok555 on 05/13/2016 @ 8:16 am. please give a custom rom for xolo era black. mohd riyaz on 10/29/2016 @ 3:12 pm. xolo era x 1 no file frp 100% ok. skerrz on 01/11/2017 @ 5:56 pm. i am not getting any network, after flashing v s112 using ResearchDownload tool… Please help….. You must be logged in to post a comment.. 
Xolo ERA X (Black, 8 GB) (2 GB RAM). Xolo ERA X (Black, 8 GB). This item is currently out of stock. 2 GB RAM | 8 GB ROM | Expandable Upto 32 GB 5 inch HD Display 8MP Rear Camera | 5MP Front Camera 2500 mAh Battery 1.5 GHz Quad Core Processor Processor. Handset, Earphone, Charger, USB cable, Screen Guard, User Manual ERA X ERA X Black Smartphones Dual Sim Yes No SD Card. 5 inch 720 X 1280 HD IPS 16.7 M 5-inch (12.7 centimeters) IPS Corning Gorilla Glass capacitive touchscreen with 720 x 1280 pixels resolution, 294 ppi pixel density and 16.7M color support. Android Lollipop 5.1 1.5 GHz Quad Core Processor Quad Core 1.5 GHz GSM - 850, 900, 1800, 1900; UMTS - 2100. 8 GB 2 GB 32 GB MicroSD Yes. Yes 8MP Auto Focus, HD Recording, Burst Mode, Audio Note, Smile Detection, Slow Motion Video Capture, Panorama, Location Capture, FHD Recording (Rear) Yes 5MP Fixed Focus Front Yes Yes Yes 720 x 1280 Yes. Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. 4G, 3G, 2G 4G LTE, GSM Wi-Fi, WLAN Yes 7.2 Yes Yes Yes 2 Yes 4 Yes 802.11 b/g/n Yes No Yes No Yes Yes 3.5 mm Yes. Yes Capacitive Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes No Yes 294 PPI Yes 6 GB Accelerometer, Proximity sensor, Light sensor 6 (Marshmallow) 20 MP3, M4A, AAC, 3GP, OGG, WAV, MID. Yes Yes Yes MP3, M4A, AAC, 3GP, OGG, WAP,MID Yes 3GP, MP4, MKV, AVI, FLV, F4V. 72 mm 145.5 mm 8.45 mm 142 g. 1 Year Manufacturer Warranty 1 Year. Worth buying thanks Flipkart for the support through out the product purchase and delivery. the phone shape is very good the following points are not satisfied in my side 1) phone battery backup is not good 2) touche is hanging 3) back key is not operating properly. Touch problem, speaker problem, phone connecting problem... Very good product best camera in this range. On this budget very good mobile. darji jayesh suresh Bhai j s darji. Basic model that suits for normal usage.. I am not satisfied of this Xolo era x mobile because the hanging issues software issues heating issues and heating issues also. Didn't get the right answer you were looking for Post your question. You May Also Be Interested In. Payments Shipping Cancellation & Returns FAQ Report Infringement. Contact Us About Us Careers Flipkart Stories Press Sell on Flipkart. Online Shopping Affiliate Program Gift Card Flipkart First Subscription Sitemap. Policies: Returns Policy Terms of use Security Privacy Infringement © 2007- 2018 Flipkart.com.. Top Stories : Brand Directory. MOST SEARCHED IN Mobiles & Accessories: BUY IPHONE 6 ONLINE APPLE IPHONE 6S KARBONN A12 STAR MI4 MICROMAX CANVAS A120 MICROMAX CANVAS FIRE 4 PRICE MICROMAX CANVAS A116 MICROMAX NITRO 2 E311 MICROMAX SELFIE PRICE MICROSOFT LUMIA 435 MOTO G2 SPECIFICATIONS NEXUS 6P PRICE LUMIA 1320 PRICE IN INDIA PANASONIC P55 MOBILE SAMSUNG CORE 2 PRICE SAMSUNG J5 XPERIA RAY XPERIA S COOLPAD ROGUE PRICE BUY HONOR 5C HONOR HOLLY 2 PLUS HP SLATE 6 MI 5 MICROMAX CANVAS MEGA 4G MOTO G2 PRICE 64GB MOBILE SAMSUNG GALAXY ACE NXT SWIPE ELITE POWER VIVO Y69 FULL SPECIFICATION. Vaishnavi Summit, Ground Floor, 7th Main,. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 418 results for "xolo era 4k". Quick Charge 3.0 Xolo Era 4K Wall Charger Kit with USB-C & USB Ports and Volt IQ Enhancements. Includes full power USB-C & Micro-USB 2.0 Cables.. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Xolo Era 4K Adaptive Fast Charger Micro USB 2.0 Cable Kit! True Digital Adaptive Fast Charging uses dual voltages for up to 50% faster charging!. Professional Ultra SanDisk 400GB Xolo Era 4K MicroSDXC card with CUSTOM Hi-Speed, Lossless Format! Includes Standard SD Adapter. by Custom SanDisk for Xolo. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Finally, a CUSTOM and GUARANTEED MicroSDXC to use with your Xolo Era 4K. Professional Ultra SanDisk 256GB Xolo Era 4K MicroSDXC card with CUSTOM Hi-Speed, Lossless Format! Includes Standard SD Adapter. by Custom SanDisk for Xolo. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Xolo Era , Xolo Era 4G , Xolo Era 4K , Xolo Era X Wristlet wallet with cellphone holder and card slots. 5% off purchase of 2 items and 1 more promotion. 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. Xolo Era , Xolo Era 4G , Xolo Era 4K , Xolo Era X Wristlet wallet phone holder with Card slots and Coin Pocket. 5% off purchase of 2 items and 1 more promotion. 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. Xolo Era 4K (OTG) Micro-USB to USB 2.0 Right Angle Adapter for High Speed Data-Transfer Cable for connecting any compatible USB Accessory/Device/Drive/Flash/ and truly On-The-Go! (Black). Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Professional Ultra SanDisk 200GB Xolo Era 4K MicroSDXC card with CUSTOM Hi-Speed, Lossless Format! Includes Standard SD Adapter. by Custom SanDisk for Xolo. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Xolo Era, Xolo Era 4G, Xolo Era 4K Car Holder Air Vent Mount Cradle Stand for iPhone Samsung Mobile Phone Cellphone. Xolo Era, Xolo Era 4G, Xolo Era 4K Mini Car Holder 360° Windshield Mount Suction For Mobile Cell Phone iPhone Samsung GPS. Xolo Era, Xolo Era 4G, Xolo Era 4K Bike Holder cycle Handlebar Cell phone For Samsung Galaxy Note Edge S 5 7 9. Xolo Era, Xolo Era 4G, Xolo Era 4K Car Holder 360° Windshield Mount Bracket For Mobile Cell Phone iPhone Samsung GPS. Xolo Era , Xolo Era 4G , Xolo Era 4K , Xolo Era X Wristlet wallet with cellphone holder and card slots. 5% off purchase of 2 items and 1 more promotion. 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. Xolo Era , Xolo Era 4G , Xolo Era 4K , Xolo Era X Wristlet wallet phone holder with Card slots and Coin Pocket. 5% off purchase of 2 items and 1 more promotion. 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. Xolo Era , Xolo Era 4G , Xolo Era 4K , Xolo Era X Wristlet wallet phone holder with Card slots and Coin Pocket. 5% off purchase of 2 items and 1 more promotion. 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. Xolo Era , Xolo Era 4G , Xolo Era 4K , Xolo Era X Wristlet wallet phone holder with Card slots and Coin Pocket. 5% off purchase of 2 items and 1 more promotion. 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
