GSM 900 / 1800 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. 143 x 73.2 x 9.4 mm (5.63 x 2.88 x 0.37 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.0 inches, 68.9 cm 2 (~65.8% screen-to-body ratio). 480 x 854 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~196 ppi density). SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Up to 511 h (2G) / Up to 523 h (3G). Up to 24 h 30 min (2G) / Up to 10 h (3G). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. XOLO Era - user opinions and reviews. I purchased this phone few months back XOLO Era 1X Pro. and the phone has very good battery back up. Also the phone comes in an affordable range. It is the best budget smartphone. The Phone has all the latest features like latest android, high pixel .... Yes! Same problem is happen with me. I can not receive any OTP. its battery backup are not good.i wanted to by its new battery .where did i get it?. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. XOLO Era 2X XOLO Era 1X XOLO Black 1X XOLO Era 4K XOLO Era 2 XOLO Era 4G. 
Era 3X 7,499. Era 2V 6,499. Era 3 4,999. Era 1X Pro 5,777. Era 2X (3GB) 6,777. © Copyright 2016 XOLO, All Rights Reserved.. 
8MP Moon Light Camera for Flawless Selfie.. Capture the fun moments with 8MP camera.. Illuminated pictures in any lighting conditions with Moonlight feature!. With Face Beauty Mode enhance your face on those dull days.. Now capture every detail with 5MP rear camera.. Select your favorite moment with Burst Mode.. Capture every moment with perfection with Scene Mode.. Makes your pictures brighter using auto exposure.. A 5 inch display screen for a visual with perfection and precision.. Unlock with the touch of your fingertips. 1GB RAM that makes your gaming experience faster.. 8GB ROM that allows you to store more files, apps and photos.. © Copyright 2017 XOLO, All Rights Reserved.. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. XOLO Era is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Setup in 2012, XOLO is an Indian brand which primarily deals in mid-range Android smartphones. It is owned by Lava International.. Xolo has over 1200 service centres in India.. Overview User Reviews Specs competitors Q&A. Affordable mobile Ample RAM, ROM Good battery backup Fast processor. The Xolo Era is a budget phone with a powerful quad-core processor and ample RAM capable to deliver smooth and efficient processing. It has a large display that enables you to watch movies and play games with more ease and comfort. If you are looking for an entry level Android phone for an inexpensive price with good features, you can take a look at the Xolo Era.. The Xolo Era mobile features a 5-inch IPS LCD display with a resolution of 480 x 854 pixels and a pixel density of 196ppi. Acting as the brain of the machine is a quad-core 1.2GHz processor coupled with a 1GB RAM. The device runs on Android platform of Kitkat v4.4 version.. The main camera of the Xolo Era is an 8MP snapper with LED flash and digital zooming, capable to record and capture high resolution images and videos. The device also has a 2MP camera stacked in front, that enables you a smooth video chatting, also take selfies at your whim. The device comes with a large internal memory of 8GB, which can further be expanded to 32GB.. The device offers connectivity options like 3G, EDGE, Wi-Fi with a speed of 802.11, b/g/n, micro USB, GPS, GPRS, Bluetooth, etc. The device is equipped with 2,100 mAh Li-ion battery, capable to render longer hours of talktime.. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar» .. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Sorry, we could not find any store with selected criteria.. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. This product is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Performance ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Display ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. Battery ▾. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life. Available 8 GB + 32 GB Expandable Dual SIM No Fingerprint sensor USB OTG Support FM Radio. XOLO Era is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. Top 10 mobile phones in India. Top 10 Android Mobiles Below 5000. Review talking about - Read all Great camera Reviews. BASED ON 326 RATING(S). 13 Jul 2016 By Valarmathi On 91mobiles.com. Its very nice and very helpful to the business people and also it have very large screen. very easy to Handle this mobile.. 13 Jul 2016 By Sandeep Sirohi On 91mobiles.com. If You love 5 Inch and 1 Gb Phone then it is Xolo Era is Nice. I have purchase this mobile and get on 20 July 2015, there has some problemOver all You can buy this phone, Nice One, if your budgets is Low.. 4G: Not Available, 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones. 5.0 inches (12.7 cm) Screen Resolution. 480 x 854 pixels Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display. Pixel Density compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen. Quad core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A7. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor. Quad core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Spreadtrum SC7731. Quad core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Spreadtrum SC7731G. Dual core, 2.53 GHz, Monsoon + Quad core, 1.42 GHz Mistral, Chipset: Apple A11 Bionic. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM. Up to 32 GB USB OTG Support. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage. Internal Memory compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Burst mode Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Digital image stabilization, Touch to focus Video Recording. Rear Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera. Front Camera compared to. Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution. Up to 11 Hours(3G) / Up to 25 Hours(2G) Standby time. Up to 523 Hours(3G) / Up to 511 Hours(2G). Group: All Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life. 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ↓, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s ↑. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android XOLO Phablet Dual SIM Camera 2 MP & above Camera 5 MP & above Camera 8 MP & above Camera 12 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.3 GHz vs Quad core 1.2 GHz. Higher pixel density: 234 ppi vs 196 ppi. Smaller screen : 4.7 inches vs 5 inches. OS: Android RAM: 1 GB Primary camera: 8 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 8 GB 10185 people viewed together 1222 people compared together. Lower battery capacity: 2000 mAH vs 2100 mAH. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.3 GHz vs Quad core 1.2 GHz. Higher battery capacity: 2500 mAH vs 2100 mAH. Higher pixel density: 294 ppi vs 196 ppi. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches RAM: 1 GB Primary camera: 8 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 8 GB 291 people compared together. Higher secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 2 MP. Lesser thickness: 8.6 mm vs 9.4 mm. I don't want to see this. Higher battery capacity: 2200 mAH vs 2100 mAH. Higher pixel density: 312 ppi vs 196 ppi. Smaller screen : 4.7 inches vs 5 inches. Quad core 1.2 GHz RAM: 1 GB Primary camera: 8 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 8 GB Thickness: 9.4 mm 4551 people viewed together 876 people compared together. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.3 GHz vs Quad core 1.2 GHz. Higher battery capacity: 2350 mAH vs 2100 mAH. Higher secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 2 MP. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches RAM: 1 GB SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 196 ppi Internal Memory: 8 GB 216 people compared together. Lesser thickness: 9.2 mm vs 9.4 mm. Lower primary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.3 GHz vs Quad core 1.2 GHz. Higher pixel density: 355 ppi vs 196 ppi. More expandable memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. OS: Android RAM: 1 GB Primary camera: 8 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 8 GB 903 people viewed together 510 people compared together. Higher secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 2 MP. Smaller screen : 4.2 inches vs 5 inches. Lower battery capacity: 2010 mAH vs 2100 mAH. More thickness: 11.1 mm vs 9.4 mm. I don't want to see this. More RAM: 2 GB vs 1 GB. Higher battery capacity: 2500 mAH vs 2100 mAH. Higher pixel density: 294 ppi vs 196 ppi. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches Processor:. Quad core 1.2 GHz Primary camera: 8 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 8 GB 915 people viewed together 505 people compared together. Higher secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 2 MP. Lesser thickness: 9.3 mm vs 9.4 mm. Questions and Answers View all FAQs about XOLO Era. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Be the first one to ask a question? Ask a Question. People who viewed XOLO Era also viewed. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
Mobiles / XOLO Mobile Phones / XOLO Era Price in India. User Visits: 19 Launch Date in India: 09 July, 2015 Compare. Xolo happens to be one of the success stories in India when it comes to making it big in Indian handset market. The handset manufacturer has managed to impress one and all with its unique HIVE user interface and Black series of smartphones in India. Now, the brand is exploring the entry level segment of smartphones with its Xolo Era handset. However, the handset boasts of specifications that ensures a good performance and user experience.. Xolo Era comes with a standard bar form factor with an attractive glossy finish and metallic trimmings on its side. Moreover, the brand has nestled the rear camera module and flash in a metallic encasement, which further elevates the look of the handset.. Xolo has equipped the entry level smartphone with a 5-inch display that is quite big to enjoy movies and gaming on it. The display of the handset offers a resolution of 480 x 854 pixels that might result in a slight color loss.. The handset loses out a bit on user experience front since it comes with a dated Android 4.4 Kitkat operating system. However, it makes sense for handset manufacturers to install Kitkat in entry level segment handsets as it happens to be most stable release and can cope with lower configurations of these devices.. The performance offered by the handset is pretty standard owing to the Quad-core, 1.2 GHz processor that ensures smoothness and lag-free performance. The processor has been further coupled with 1 GB of RAM for a consistent performance and multitasking. This handset can last a day on a full charge owing to 2100 mAh battery unit under its rear panel.. The brand has equipped the smartphone with a decent 8 MP camera that is upper standard in this price segment. On the other hand, the front panel of the device houses a 2 Megapixels snapper.. For connectivity, the brand has equipped Era with 3G, 2G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, microUSB and GPS. However, the handset lacks 4G LTE and it might become a deal breaker for Internet savvy users.. While it is true that Xolo does not enjoy a goodwill as top players in Indian smartphone market, however, it has proved its salt's worth. For those who are looking for a budget segment smartphone with sturdy build quality, attractive looks and decent performance, Xolo Era should be your choice.. 5,199 .00. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. XOLO Era Price in India starts from. The lowest XOLO Era price in India is. 5,199 at Flipkart.com on 26 February, 2018. You can avail the option of Cash on Delivery (COD) and. The XOLO Era is available in Black. The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad,. All prices are in Indian Rupees.. 2 /5 (2,763 User Reviews). 5,199 (Expected Price) XOLO Era is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 1.2 GHz Core 1 GB RAM 8 GB Storage 5.0" (12.7 cm) Display 2100 mAh Battery 8 MP Rear Camera 2 MP Front Camera Dual SIM No Quick Charging. We will notify you as soon as XOLO Era becomes available. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as XOLO Era is available in stock. 143 x 73.2 x 9.4 mm. 1.2 GHz (Cortex A7). Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Burst Mode. Handset, Battery, Charger, Earphone, USB Cable, OTG Cable, User Manual, Warranty Card. Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Compare XOLO Era vs Micromax Canvas Spark. Compare XOLO Era vs XOLO Era 1X. Compare XOLO Era vs Xiaomi Redmi 2. Compare XOLO Era vs XOLO Era 2. Compare XOLO Era vs Lenovo A6000 Plus. Compare XOLO Era vs Yu Yunique. Compare XOLO Era vs Lenovo A2010. Compare XOLO Era vs InFocus M260. Compare XOLO Era vs Karbonn Aura. Compare XOLO Era vs XOLO Era 4G. Compare XOLO Era vs iBall Andi 4.5 O Buddy. Compare XOLO Era vs Micromax Canvas Spark 2 Plus. XOLO Mobiles XOLO Mobiles Under 6000 XOLO Mobiles Under 5000 XOLO 4G Mobiles XOLO 3G Mobiles XOLO Touch Screen Mobiles XOLO 4G Mobiles Under 10000. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Overview Review Prices Specs Alternatives. 
Home Elections India Politics Opinion Movies Tech Auto Cricket Football Food Photos World Lifestyle TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Blogs Podcast Immersives Sports Karnataka Elections Tripura Elections Meghalaya Elections Nagaland Elections Budget 2018 Latest News Photos Buzz Lifestyle Business World CompareIndia MWC 2018 Women In Your Interest REEL Movie Awards. Home Elections India Politics Opinion Movies Tech Auto Cricket All Sections LIVE TV. Home Elections India Politics Opinion Movies Tech Auto Cricket Football Food Photos World Lifestyle TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Blogs Podcast Immersives Sports Karnataka Elections Tripura Elections Meghalaya Elections Nagaland Elections Budget 2018. Latest News Photos Buzz Lifestyle Business World CompareIndia MWC 2018 Women In Your Interest REEL Movie Awards. Latest News Photos Buzz Lifestyle Business World CompareIndia MWC 2018 Women In Your Interest REEL Movie Awards. Xolo Era 3X Review: Ease-of-Use is The Biggest USP MWC 2018: Vivo Unveils 'Apex' FullView Concept Smartphone BSNL Partners Nokia to Roll Out 4G Services Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact And Xperia Ear Duo Launched at MWC 2018. Xolo Era 3X Review: Ease-of-Use is The Biggest USP. Xolo Era 3X is nothing like the new-age smartphones that compete in the budget Android smartphone segment in the market. Yet, it comes with its own sets of USPs. Find out what makes the Xolo smartphone a good buy and what does not.. Updated: February 19, 2018, 5:51 PM IST. Sarthak Dogra | News18.com @SarthakDogra. Noida based smartphone firm Xolo has had an eventful history since it was initiated back in 2012. The company has been accredited to bringing India's first smartphone with an Intel processor in the form of the XOLO X900. Xolo was also amongst one of the first smartphone manufacturers to launch a dual camera smartphone in India with its Xolo Black, launched in July 2015. A similar such offering was brought out by the company back in October last year as the successor to its Era series. The Xolo Era 3X, priced at Rs 7,499, caters to the budget segment market and comes with features like a 13-megapixel sensor for its selfie camera along with a Moonlight feature. Just how good is the smartphone for its price tag, let us find out in this review. What is likeable about the Xolo Era 3X in the first glance is the simplicity with which the smartphone has been built. Everything has been placed right to make its use as simple as it gets for an Android beginner. The metal frame of the Era 3X has been rounded off the edges for easy handling. The not so protruding power button and the volume rockers have been placed on the right and can easily be operated by the thumb for a right-handed user. Capacitive touch keys on the bottom bezel, fingerprint sensor at the back and the speakers and the USB port on the chin are accurately placed to offer easy operations on all fronts. The built of the smartphone guarantees a durable stance to the device, thanks to the metal frame and a Corning Gorilla Glass 3 on top of its 5-inch display. Combining the ease of operation and the rough and tough build, the Era 3X promises a good and tension free handling for any user. Another feature that adds to the ease of operating the Xolo Era 3X is the stock Android experience. Navigating around the smartphone for any task is not much simpler than this in any of the smartphones. The Era 3X still runs the Android 7.0 Nougat (out-of-the-box) though and there is no news on when the company will provide the Android Oreo update. Xolo Era 3X offers a 3GB RAM along with a 16G internal storage which is further expandable up to 64GB using an external microSD. This memory offering makes it capable enough to handle everyday tasks easily. But again, this performance can cater to a limited user group. The Era 3X comes with a fingerprint sensor that is quite fast and can unlock the phone without any noticeable lag, a feature that not many smartphones offer at this price range. The capacitive keys act similarly and the phone is able to give a quick response up on their use. The 13-megapixel primary camera of the smartphone is better than average and is able to deliver good quality pictures with the right focus and apt detailing. The colour, contrast and sharpness of the image is good too. (Image: Sarthak Dogra/ News18.com) Also read: Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro First Impressions Review: Xiaomi Enters 2018 With a Bang What’s Not so Cool?. Design-wise the smartphone is simple and elegant. But that simplicity makes it compromise on a refreshing look, as the Xolo Era 3X has nothing new or trending to offer. It is way different than the slim, bezel-less smartphones which most of the other OEMs are opting for these days. So Era 3X becomes a prominent choice for a buyer only if one is going for a smartphone with good handling and basic design, instead of a new or a unique look. The Era 3X is powered by a 1.25 Ghz Quad Core MT6737 SoC which, as mentioned before, makes the smartphone capable enough to perform your everyday tasks. This includes playing games, multitasking and even more. But in case a power user would want to push the smartphone’s performance any further by playing a graphics intensive game or perform any such operation, the user might not be able to get too much out of it. Essentially, there is an upper cap to the smartphone’s performance, after which lags are noticeable in the form of larger app loading times and other such hiccups. Although Xolo promotes its Era 3X mostly on the basis of its selfie capabilities, in our use we did not find the selfie camera of the Era 3X to be so appealing. The images delivered by it start pixelating even after very little zooming into the picture. The images are also overexposed and mostly carry washed out colours. Even the camera app on the smartphone is quite slower than usual and takes much time to detect the right focus. The Moonlight Selfie flash does help in low-light conditions though. The battery backup that Xolo has provided on the Era 3X is just about right, neither too much, nor too bad. One can pull off a day’s usage from the smartphone’s 3000 mAh battery, thanks to its limited display resolution of 1280x720 pixels. The battery does take ample amount of time to charge though. Verdict Xolo Era 3X USB Port. Xolo has not tried at all to make its smartphone anything like the competing new-age smartphones in its segment. There is no bezel-less display, slim form factor or a dual camera setup. The Era 3X does rank on its simplicity and ease-of-use though. So as for the question of going for the Xolo Era 3X as your next device, the smartphone is advised to be a preferable choice strictly for those who are new to the Android smartphone ecosystem or one who would not want too much out of their smartphone and would like a simple interface and handling for the tasks they perform. For any heavy user or those seeking a great camera capability, there are other smartphones in the market with a bit better quality. Watch: Tech and Auto Show Ep 31 | Auto Expo 2018 Special | Unveilings & Launches. RIP Sridevi: Remembering Bollywood's First Female Superstar Virtuosity:The Legendary Sridevi in Her Own Words Veteran Actor Sridevi Passes Away at 54 After Cardiac Arrest in Dubai Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety: Is The Misogyny Served Worth Your Money?. Budget Android Smartphone smartphone review technology news Xolo Era 3X Camera | Edited by: Sarthak Dogra. Next Story Next Story. Recommended For You How Kamal Haasan and Sridevi Were the Ultimate Screen Couple Ravi Shastri Has a Beautiful Message for Drought-hit Cape Town Remembering Sridevi And Her Iconic Looks That Will Inspire Generations To Come MWC 2018: Huawei MateBook X Pro, World’s First FullView Touchscreen Notebook Launched, Alongside MediaPad M5 Tablet Fashion Fraternity Mourns Legendary Actor Sridevi’s Untimely Demise. Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us. sections India Lifestyle Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football. Latest News BCCI Considering Women's Exhibition Matches During IPL Self-Driving Cars With "Remote" Drivers Could Test on California Roads in April: DMV News18 Reel Movie Awards: Nominees For Best Web Series 2017 ICSI CS Executive/Professional Exam 2017 Results Declared at icsi.edu, Check Now! Border Situation Worse Than 90s, Say Uri Locals as Shelling Continues to Pound Border Villages. News18 India CricketNext Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity. CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. 
Today in New Delhi , India. Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata. Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi. Xolo Era 3X review: A selfie phone for Rs 6,999. Era 3X is one of the latest selfie-focused smartphones from the Xolo stable. Check out our review of the phone. Updated: Jan 10, 2018 20:08 IST. Xolo Era 3X takes on Xiaomi Redmi 5A(Xolo ). Late last year, Indian handset company Xolo made a comeback of sorts with three new smartphones — the Xolo Era 3X, Era 2V and Era 3. Targeted at the selfie-obsessed younger generation, these phones come with higher resolution front-facing cameras and front-facing flash for brighter photos in low-light.. We have been using Xolo Era 3X as our primary smartphone for over a week. Xolo Era 3X, priced at Rs 6,999, ticks all the boxes for an entry-level smartphone. The smartphone features a 5-inch HD display, 16GB built-in storage, quad-core MediaTek processor and 3,000mAh battery. The highlight of the phone is a 13-megapixel front-facing camera with LED flash and a 13-megapixel rear camera. It also has a fingerprint scanner on the back.. The Xolo Era 3X faces very stiff competition from the likes of Xiaomi Redmi 5A and Xiaomi Redmi Y1 , both popular smartphones in the budget category.. Xolo Era 3X takes excellent selfies, especially in daylight. It features a now-standard dedicated beauty mode to enhance your selfies. The smartphone allows you to control a few elements such as colour effect, white balance, ISO levels, and GPS location information.. It also lets you take burst mode photos (up to 40 at one go) and assign volume keys for taking photos. While some of these are pretty much standard camera features, a few additional customisation options make it more compelling. The rear camera is also pretty good, considering the price point. The quality degrades when taken in low-light, but so do a lot of entry-level smartphones.. Unlike other players, Xolo hasn’t heavily customised the software. The UI seems pretty close to the stock Android experience. There are a few pre-loaded apps such as Facebook, Hike Messenger and Newspoint. Fortunately, they can be uninstalled by the user if they choose to.. The Xolo Era 3X’s body is a bit of bummer. At a time when most smartphone companies are looking beyond existing design moulds by implementing bezel-less screens and curvier bodies, Xolo’s phone seems like one from an older era (pun intended). Of late, we’ve seen even under-Rs 10,000 phones coming with bezel-less displays.. While the fingerprint scanner is zippy, adjusting to the shallow button on the back does take a little time.. Our overall experience with Xolo Era 3X was a mixed bag. While we certainly liked the selfie camera capabilities, the performance and overall design leave a lot to be desired. Rival Xiaomi’s Redmi 5A seems like a better proposition as it delivers a better balance of performance and camera. The price of Redmi 5A starts at Rs 5,999. You can also consider Xiaomi’s Redmi Y1 if you are looking for a phone that has a good front-facing camera and does not compromise on performance and battery life.. 5G can help operators increase revenues by up to 30%: Ericsson report. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ up for pre-booking in India. Want to clear the air with a loved one? Take a cue from this video. CES 2018: Top unconventional tech launches at the annual electronics show. CES 2018: Razer’s Project Linda combines laptop, smartphone experience into one. India World Business Education Autos Real estate. Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Pune. Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid. Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch. Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication bridge school ht brand studio. Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs. No Marathi translation, Maharashtra Oppn boycotts governor’s budget session address. Holi festival in Mathura: NGT asks MP Hema Malini to clear debris on Yamuna flo.... Sanskrit invocation song at IIT Madras event attended by central ministers sparks.... Ever-hungry Virat Kohli wants more from Indian cricket team. Corruption and Siddaramaiah have become synonymous: Amit Shah. Shiv Sena to contest LS polls in Goa in alliance with Goa Suraksha Manch. Rs 20 lakh compensation for kin of engineer killed in accident in Gujarat. Map: Seven decades after independence, most Dalit farmers still landless. Union Budget 2018: Government cuts funding for 16 major schemes, including Swachh.... Union Budget 2018: What has the government done with the most important schemes?. Union Budget 2018: Test your skills as the finance minister. What every day in the Parliament looks like. Australian TV journalist slammed for sexist, ‘creepy’ interview with New Zealand.... Weinstein Company to file for bankruptcy in a bid to save entertainment assets. 4 killed after blast destroys shop and home in English city of Leicester. Russian spies hacked Olympics computers, turned blame on N Korea: Report. Students and teachers brace for emotional return to Florida school. Palestinian on boat from Gaza killed by Israeli fire: Army. Technical problem at Kalyan disrupts local train services on Mumbai’s central line. Hooda sounds poll bugle, promises ‘New Haryana’. WATCH: Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis sings, sways in video about Mumbai’s ri.... Budget session begins with row over governor’s address: Oppn walk outs, Fadnavis.... Turning 18 with HT: ‘Want to serve humanity and earn well too’. 5 issues that Fadnavis-led Maharashtra govt will have to deal with this budget .... Brace for rickety commute, union wants permission to use cars up to 5 years old.... Delhi chief secy ‘assault’: Delhi Police say reports of CCTV footage tampering are.... A training station in Deoli where CISF personnel are taught how to keep Delhi Metro.... Papon sexual assault row: The singer’s decision to use the child to defend himself is nauseating. Metro Matters: DDA must ask Delhi before deciding for it. The ‘conservation vs people’ approach to protecting wildlife has hit tribals ha.... Controversies during Trudeau visit must not affect the broader bilateral relati.... One stop centres, which provide support services to survivors of gender violence,.... Morne Morkel to retire from international cricket after Australia Test series. Neymar’s ankle in heavy strapping after PSG’s 3-0 win over Marseille. Ramkumar Ramanathan achieves career-best rank, Yuki Bhambri drops. Ever-hungry Virat Kohli wants more from Indian cricket team. Australian cricket team coach Darren Lehmann rejects Moeen Ali’s Test cricket f.... Ever-hungry Virat Kohli wants more from Indian cricket team. Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Shikhar Dhawan make significant movement in ICC rankings. Indian Premier League helps shore up India’s death-overs bowling. Virat Kohli-led India presented with ICC Test Championship mace. Indian Premier League has turned me into a thinking bowler: Bhuvneshwar Kumar. Roles like Mayil and Yavanarani will be hard to forget: A look at Sridevi’s rise in southern cinema. Padmaavat: Versatility is very important for me, says Aditi Rao Hydari. ‘Sridevi treated make-up artistes, others like family’. Sridevi and her professional rivalries with Jaya Prada and Madhuri Dixit. Solva Sawan: Here’s a song from Sridevi’s first film in Bollywood at the age of.... Swinging times: Thais take to a new form of dancing with street parties. How a Czech schoolboy battled Asperger Syndrome to become a designer. In Vietnam, you can hire wedding guests, parents and even grooms and organise fake.... Keep calm and carry on: A little anxiety may boost your memory. Sridevi’s fashion legacy: A look back at her iconic style moments in photos. ‘Modicare’ to cost govt Rs 1,100-1,200 per family every year. ‘Finance minister must clarify what cost yardstick will be used on MSPs’. Union Budget 2018: Kamal Haasan says govt was ‘indifferent’ towards middle class. Union Budget 2018: Gave small taxpayers relief in past, says Jaitley. Budget 2018: Investment advisers, analysts likely to face penalties of up to Rs.... Analysis: Nirav Modi firms may not have financials to match PNB fraud magnitude. Sterlite Technologies bags Rs 3,500 crore project from Indian Navy. Upcoming IPO: Kalyan Jewellers to file draft papers in a month. Aster DM Healthcare makes weak stock market debut, shares fall over 4%. Data wars: Idea-Vodafone build war chest to take on rivals. Oil gains on disrupted Libyan exports, Saudi promise to put a stable end to cur.... Delhi HC directs Facebook, YouTube to block links showing Lay’s in bad light. 5G can help operators increase revenues by up to 30%: Ericsson report. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ up for pre-booking in India. MWC 2018: Vivo APEX concept smartphone with world’s first half-screen fingerprint.... MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact smartphones and Xperia Ear Duo wireless.... BSNL partners Nokia to roll out 4G services. Apple could launch over-ear headphones this year: Ming-Chi Kuo. Smartphone makers with less than 10% market share is losing money: Huawei. Schools can’t withhold admit cards of board students: CBSE. IIT Kharagpur research scholar develops battery using sewage water. CBSE helpline gets queries on break-ups, memory loss, ill-treatment by parents. JNU entrance result 2018 declared, here’s how to check. Suspension of 22 IIT-Kanpur students over ragging set aside by Allahabad HC. Muscle power: Mumbai men compete in bodybuilding competition. Photos: In Nagaland, women rise to the fore in politics. Photos: At Rajasthan’s Deoli, CISF jawans train to secure Delhi.... Photos: Ancient beards and the faces of modern Jerusalem. NIA, IB on alert after Kashmiri student from AIIMS, Bhubaneswar goes missing. S9, 5G, AI and Internet of Things Hot at MWC 2018. South Africa vs India 2018: The tour through Virat Kohli’s eyes. ISL: FC Goa thrash FC Pune City to keep play-off hopes alive. Bengaluru FC beat Jamshedpur FC 2-0 in Indian Super League 2018. 
Today in New Delhi , India. Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata. Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi. Xolo Era 3X, Era 2V, Era 3 selfie phones launched, prices start at Rs 4,999. The Xolo Era 3X, Era 2V, and Era 3 will be available from October 14 exclusively through e-commerce platform Flipkart. Updated: Oct 13, 2017 09:27 IST. The new Xolo smartphones are focused on selfie enthusiasts.(Xolo). Xolo on Wednesday launched three new smartphones aimed at the “selfie” enthusiasts. The new smartphones, Xolo Era 3X, Era 2V, Era 3, are priced between Rs 4,999 and Rs 7,499.. Like many Indian handset makers, Xolo (a sub-brand of Lava) was also impacted as Chinese players like Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and Lenovo grabbed consumers’ attention and market share.. “We did a study to understand what the customers are looking for and found that camera was one of the key areas. So, we decided to bring in the premium moonlight flash feature to all the three phones,” Xolo Business Head Sunil Raina told PTI.. He added that the three smartphones -- priced between Rs 4,999 and Rs 7,499 -- are designed for “selfie aficionados” and the moonlight selfie flash will help in low-light conditions.. The handsets (Era 3X, Era 2V, and Era 3), which have 5- inch displays, will be available from October 14 exclusively through e-commerce platform Flipkart.. Raina said there are brands that have capitalised on the “selfie” trend but they are focused on the offline market.. “As an online-only brand, we see a big opportunity and especially at the price points where we are offering the devices,” he added.. The Era 3X features 3GB RAM, 16GB internal memory, 13 MP rear and front camera and 3,000 mAh battery. The Era 2V, with 2GB RAM, has an 8 MP rear and 13 MP front camera.. The Era 3 has 5 MP rear and 8 MP front camera, along with 1GB RAM, 8GB internal memory and 2,500 mAh battery.. 5G can help operators increase revenues by up to 30%: Ericsson report. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ up for pre-booking in India. Want to clear the air with a loved one? Take a cue from this video. Xiaomi Mi MIX 2 first impressions: Raising the bar for full-screen smartphones. Intex Aqua Lions X1, Lions X1+ shatterproof phones launched. India World Business Education Autos Real estate. Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Pune. Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid. Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch. Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication bridge school ht brand studio. Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs. No Marathi translation, Maharashtra Oppn boycotts governor’s budget session address. Holi festival in Mathura: NGT asks MP Hema Malini to clear debris on Yamuna flo.... Sanskrit invocation song at IIT Madras event attended by central ministers sparks.... Ever-hungry Virat Kohli wants more from Indian cricket team. Corruption and Siddaramaiah have become synonymous: Amit Shah. Shiv Sena to contest LS polls in Goa in alliance with Goa Suraksha Manch. Rs 20 lakh compensation for kin of engineer killed in accident in Gujarat. Map: Seven decades after independence, most Dalit farmers still landless. Union Budget 2018: Government cuts funding for 16 major schemes, including Swachh.... Union Budget 2018: What has the government done with the most important schemes?. Union Budget 2018: Test your skills as the finance minister. What every day in the Parliament looks like. Australian TV journalist slammed for sexist, ‘creepy’ interview with New Zealand.... Weinstein Company to file for bankruptcy in a bid to save entertainment assets. 4 killed after blast destroys shop and home in English city of Leicester. Russian spies hacked Olympics computers, turned blame on N Korea: Report. Students and teachers brace for emotional return to Florida school. Palestinian on boat from Gaza killed by Israeli fire: Army. Technical problem at Kalyan disrupts local train services on Mumbai’s central line. Hooda sounds poll bugle, promises ‘New Haryana’. WATCH: Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis sings, sways in video about Mumbai’s ri.... Budget session begins with row over governor’s address: Oppn walk outs, Fadnavis.... Turning 18 with HT: ‘Want to serve humanity and earn well too’. 5 issues that Fadnavis-led Maharashtra govt will have to deal with this budget .... Brace for rickety commute, union wants permission to use cars up to 5 years old.... Delhi chief secy ‘assault’: Delhi Police say reports of CCTV footage tampering are.... A training station in Deoli where CISF personnel are taught how to keep Delhi Metro.... Papon sexual assault row: The singer’s decision to use the child to defend himself is nauseating. Metro Matters: DDA must ask Delhi before deciding for it. The ‘conservation vs people’ approach to protecting wildlife has hit tribals ha.... Controversies during Trudeau visit must not affect the broader bilateral relati.... One stop centres, which provide support services to survivors of gender violence,.... Morne Morkel to retire from international cricket after Australia Test series. Neymar’s ankle in heavy strapping after PSG’s 3-0 win over Marseille. Ramkumar Ramanathan achieves career-best rank, Yuki Bhambri drops. Ever-hungry Virat Kohli wants more from Indian cricket team. Australian cricket team coach Darren Lehmann rejects Moeen Ali’s Test cricket f.... Ever-hungry Virat Kohli wants more from Indian cricket team. Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Shikhar Dhawan make significant movement in ICC rankings. Indian Premier League helps shore up India’s death-overs bowling. Virat Kohli-led India presented with ICC Test Championship mace. Indian Premier League has turned me into a thinking bowler: Bhuvneshwar Kumar. Roles like Mayil and Yavanarani will be hard to forget: A look at Sridevi’s rise in southern cinema. Padmaavat: Versatility is very important for me, says Aditi Rao Hydari. ‘Sridevi treated make-up artistes, others like family’. Sridevi and her professional rivalries with Jaya Prada and Madhuri Dixit. Solva Sawan: Here’s a song from Sridevi’s first film in Bollywood at the age of.... Swinging times: Thais take to a new form of dancing with street parties. How a Czech schoolboy battled Asperger Syndrome to become a designer. In Vietnam, you can hire wedding guests, parents and even grooms and organise fake.... Keep calm and carry on: A little anxiety may boost your memory. Sridevi’s fashion legacy: A look back at her iconic style moments in photos. ‘Modicare’ to cost govt Rs 1,100-1,200 per family every year. ‘Finance minister must clarify what cost yardstick will be used on MSPs’. Union Budget 2018: Kamal Haasan says govt was ‘indifferent’ towards middle class. Union Budget 2018: Gave small taxpayers relief in past, says Jaitley. Budget 2018: Investment advisers, analysts likely to face penalties of up to Rs.... Analysis: Nirav Modi firms may not have financials to match PNB fraud magnitude. Sterlite Technologies bags Rs 3,500 crore project from Indian Navy. Upcoming IPO: Kalyan Jewellers to file draft papers in a month. Aster DM Healthcare makes weak stock market debut, shares fall over 4%. Data wars: Idea-Vodafone build war chest to take on rivals. Oil gains on disrupted Libyan exports, Saudi promise to put a stable end to cur.... Delhi HC directs Facebook, YouTube to block links showing Lay’s in bad light. 5G can help operators increase revenues by up to 30%: Ericsson report. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ up for pre-booking in India. MWC 2018: Vivo APEX concept smartphone with world’s first half-screen fingerprint.... MWC 2018: Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact smartphones and Xperia Ear Duo wireless.... BSNL partners Nokia to roll out 4G services. Apple could launch over-ear headphones this year: Ming-Chi Kuo. Smartphone makers with less than 10% market share is losing money: Huawei. Schools can’t withhold admit cards of board students: CBSE. IIT Kharagpur research scholar develops battery using sewage water. CBSE helpline gets queries on break-ups, memory loss, ill-treatment by parents. JNU entrance result 2018 declared, here’s how to check. Suspension of 22 IIT-Kanpur students over ragging set aside by Allahabad HC. Muscle power: Mumbai men compete in bodybuilding competition. Photos: In Nagaland, women rise to the fore in politics. Photos: At Rajasthan’s Deoli, CISF jawans train to secure Delhi.... Photos: Ancient beards and the faces of modern Jerusalem. NIA, IB on alert after Kashmiri student from AIIMS, Bhubaneswar goes missing. S9, 5G, AI and Internet of Things Hot at MWC 2018. South Africa vs India 2018: The tour through Virat Kohli’s eyes. ISL: FC Goa thrash FC Pune City to keep play-off hopes alive. Bengaluru FC beat Jamshedpur FC 2-0 in Indian Super League 2018. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 8 GB + MicroSD. Release date: May 1, 2015. Too little RAM memory (1 GB RAM). Low pixel density screen (196 ppi). The Xolo Era is a mid-range device with Android 4.4.2. It features a 5" 480 x 854 px display, 1.2 GHz quad core CPU, 1 GB RAM, 8 GB ROM, microSD slot, 8 MP rear camera and a 2 MP front one for video calls. It also offers dual SIM functionality.. Dimensions: 5.63 x 2.88 x 0.37 inches (143 x 73.2 x 9.4 mm). Resolution: 480 x 854 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 24.75 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 21.3 days (511 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Talk time (3G): 11.00 hours the average is 19 h (1147 min). Stand-by time (3G): 21.8 days (523 hours) the average is 25 days (590 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Data: HSDPA+ (4G) 21.1 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s, UMTS. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct Xolo Era specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Price Overview Images Complete Specs Competitors News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Available in India | Launch Date in India: 11 October, 2017 |. 13MP Primary Camera, 13 MP Front Camera. 5.0 inches 720 x 1280 pixels. Xolo ERA 3X (Posh Black, 16 GB)(3 GB RAM) 6,999 Go to Store. XOLO Era 3X comes with a 5.0 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Quad core, 1.25 GHz, MediaTek MT6737 that is coupled with Mali T720 GPU,. 3 GB RAM and 16 GB Storage default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 32 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the XOLO Era 3X sports a 13 MP Camera with Yes, Geo Tagging, HDR.. Up front, the smartphone from XOLO makes use of a 13 MP Camera with LED Flash selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the XOLO Era 3X includes Wi-Fi 802.11, b/g/n, Hotspot, v4.0, microUSB v2.0, with A-GPS support. The XOLO Era 3X gets the power from a Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery.. The XOLO Era 3X runs Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat).. XOLO Era 3X comes packed with a series of sensors, like Fingerprint Sensor.. The smartphone is priced at Rs. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat) Device type Smart Phone Sim Dual Sim ANNOUNCED Status Available in India Global Release Date October 2017 Indian Release Date 11 October, 2017 BODY Weight 144.5 x 72.2 x 9.7 mm DISPLAY Screen size 5.0 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD PROCESSOR CPU Quad core, 1.25 GHz GPU Mali T720 Chipset MediaTek MT6737 STORAGE Internal Storage 16 GB Storage RAM 3 GB RAM External Storage Up to 32 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 13 MP Camera Front Camera 13 MP Camera with LED Flash Video Recording Yes Camera Features Geo Tagging, HDR MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, AMR-NB, Wav, AAC Video Player MPEG4, H263,H.264, .MP4 Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11, b/g/n, Hotspot Bluetooth v4.0 USB microUSB v2.0 GPS Facility with A-GPS support Browser HTML5 3G Speed HSDPA , LTE NETWORK SUPPORT 3G WCDMA 900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 4G VoLTE OTHER FEATURES Sensors Fingerprint Sensor. 2 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. 2 GB 13MP. Xolo Era 3X, Era 2V and Era 3 launched in India; price starts at Rs. 4,999 October 11, 2017. Xolo, the Indian smartphone brand has launched series of selfie-centric smartphones: Era 3X, Era 2V and Era 3. 4,999 respectively, the phones are exclusively available on Flipkart. XOLO Era 2X (16GB - 3GB RAM). XOLO Era 2X (16GB - 2GB RAM). About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Listed Price : 3,999. Xolo Era smartphone with 5 inch 480 x 854 display powered by 1.2GHz processor alongside 1GB RAM and 8-megapixel rear camera.. Camera 8 MP, 3264 x 2448 pixels, LED flash. Internal Memory 8 GB, 1 GB RAM. 2G Network Technology GSM 900 / 1800 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger, Headset. 3G Capability HSPA+ up to 21 Mbps/up to 5.76 Mbps. Display Resolution 480 x 854 pixels. Display Technology IPS 2 point touch supported,256K Colors. Internal Memory 8 GB, 1 GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 32 GB. Camera resolution 8 MP, 3264 x 2448 pixels, LED flash. Camera Features Scene detection & tuning, Panaroma, Geo tagging,HDR,Slow motion,Freeze frame disply,Burst mode. Size (L by B by T) 143 x 73.2 x 9.4 mm. Music Player Features MP3, MIDI, AMR-NB, AMR-WB, WAV, AAC. Video Player Features Android Video Player. Battery Life - Standby up to 511 hrs 04 mins(2G)/up to 523 hours 30 mins(3G). Battery Life - Talk Time up to 24 hours 50 mins(2G)/up to 10hours 57 mins(3G). Xolo Era launched to take on Micromax Canvas Spark, priced at Rs 4,444: Specifications, features. Xolo Era Vs Micromax Canvas Spark. Xolo Era Vs Xiaomi Redmi 2. Own this mobile? Write a Review. I purchased this phone few months back XOLO Era 1X Pro. and the phone has very good battery back up. Also the phone comes in an affordable range. Wow so much features at this much attractive price. Seriously XOLO has taken an edge over the smartphone market. Can you expect OTG cable support in..... Sambit Satpathy on Jul 07, 2015 02:02 PM. While all await Xolo’s launch of the Black series of .... Write a Review on Xolo Era. Canon #Speedlite 470EX-AI is the most intelligent flash system @CanonUSA #Speedlite #Speedlite buff.ly/2F493wl https://t.co/Zjwmc0zHIp. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of over 1,000 results for "XOLO Era 3". Quick Charge 3.0 Xolo Era 4K Wall Charger Kit with USB-C & USB Ports and Volt IQ Enhancements. Includes full power USB-C & Micro-USB 2.0 Cables.. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Home Wall Travel Charger FOR XOLO Era 4G* 3 feet long *. Car Auto Charger FOR XOLO Era 4G * 3 feet long *. USB Data Sync Cable FOR XOLO Era X* Black - 3 feet long *. USB Data Sync Cable FOR XOLO Era 4G* Black - 3 feet long *. USB Data Sync Cable FOR XOLO Era X* White - 3 feet long *. FOR XOLO Era X Car Auto Charger * 3 feet long *. FOR XOLO Era X USB Premium Data Sync Cable * White - 3 feet long *. ONX3 XOLO Era 2 4G (Gold) Mobile Phone Universal Camera Lens 3 in 1 Kit Wide Angle Lens + Fisheye Lens + Macro Lens with Clip-on 180 Degree For Both Android and iOS Devices. Red/Neon Pink XOLO Era, Cube 5.0, A1010, Win Q1000, 8X-1020, Omega 5.0, Opus 3, Q1020, Opus HD, Play 8X-1100, Case | Cell phone Wallet & Wristlet for Women. Online Only! Buy any 3 get 10% OFF! and 1 more promotion. Online Only! Buy any 2 get 5% OFF! See Details. Quick Charge 3.0 Xolo Era X Wall Charger Kit with USB-C & USB Ports and Volt IQ Enhancements. Includes full power USB-C & Micro-USB 2.0 Cables.. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Case for Lava Xolo Era 3 Case Cover DK-LH. XOLO Era 3 Screen Protector, BoxWave [ClearTouch Anti-Glare (2-Pack)] Anti-Fingerprint Matte Film Skin for XOLO Era 3, 3X, 2V. Case for Lava Xolo Era 3 Case Cover DK-SJ. Case for Lava Xolo Era 3 Case Cover DK-SHU. Case for Lava Xolo Era 3 Case Cover DK-TT. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Xolo / Xolo Era 3X Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 3.9 3263 Ratings 7 Questions & Answers. Best Price: ₹ 6,999. Key Specifications MTK6737 processor 3GB RAM 16GB internal storage 3000 mAH battery 13 M.Pixels rear & 13 M.Pixels selfie 5.0 inch screen Dual SIM Android OS, 7.0 (Nougat). Earn ₹52 cashback on this product. (Not applicable for purchases in Amazon) i Sign up. 5 inch Screen 3 GB RAM 16 GB ROM Android 7.0 Nougat OS Dual SIM. Xolo Era 3X Price in India. Xolo Era 3X Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Xolo Era 3X is at Flipkart. Era 3X is not available in other online stores.. Xolo Era 3X Specifications Display Resolution 720x1280 Pixels Display Type IPS LCD Size (in inches) 5.0 Pixel Density 296 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 16M Colors Screen to body percentage 71.3 % Software Operating System Android OS, 7.0 (Nougat) Camera Rear Flash Yes Selfie Flash No Primary 13 M.Pixels Front 13 M.Pixels Video [email. protected] Storage Internal 16GB RAM 3GB Expandable MicroSD, 64GB Battery Type Li-Ion Capacity 3000 mAH Turbo Charge No Connectivity Bluetooth v4.2 Wi-Fi Yes with hotspot 3G Yes USB MicroUSB 2.0 Voice Over LTE (VoLTE) Yes 2G Yes 4G Yes SIM Configuration Dual SIM GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Processor Variant MTK6737 Architecture Cortex A53 No of Cores 4 (Quad Core) Frequency 1.2 GHz Make Mediatek GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP1 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope Yes Ambient Light Yes Fingerprint sensor Yes Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. Does it have a removable battery?. No, it has a non-removable battery.. Does it have a fingerprint sensor?. Yes, it has a fingerprint sensor (rear-mounted).. Does it support dual 4G SIM?. Yes, it supports dual 4G SIM.. What is the battery backup time of this phone?. User Reviews of Xolo Era 3X. 0 Ratings 0 Reviews. 5 0. 4 0. 3 0. 2 0. 1 0. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Xolo mobile price list in India. Redmi 5A 32GB price (Rs. Redmi 4 price in India (Rs. Redmi Y1 Lite price in India (Rs. Samsung Galaxy J2 (2017) price in India (Rs. Nokia 2 price in India (Rs. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Xolo Era 3X. Xolo Era 3X Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Xolo Era 3X was obtained on 26th February 2018 16:16:05 The Xolo Era 3X is available in Flipkart The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Xolo Era 3X online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Xolo Era 3X is available in Black colours across various online stores in India.. Xolo Era 3X Price in India is Rs. 6,999 as on 26th February 2018 16:16:05. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
Sign Up Login My Account ▾ Compare ▾. Mobiles ▾ Laptops ▾ Tablets ▾ Smartwatches ▾ TVs ▾ Refrigerators ▾ Microwaves ▾ Washing Machines ▾ Air Conditioners ▾ More Categories ▾. Samsung Apple OnePlus Motorola Xiaomi Asus Oppo Vivo. Upto Rs 5,000 Upto Rs 10,000 Upto Rs 15,000 Upto Rs 20,000 Upto Rs 30,000 View All Mobiles. 4G Phones Big Battery 4GB RAM Big Screen Android Mobile Phones 32GB Storage Fingerprint scanner. Dell HP Lenovo Apple Acer Asus. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 2 in 1 Laptops Core i5 Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Full HD Laptops 8GB RAM Laptops Core i7 Laptops Laptops with SSD. Apple Samsung Lenovo Micromax Asus Microsoft. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Tablet with Calling Facility 4G Tablets All iPads Samsung Galaxy Tablets 3G Tablets. Apple Motorola LG Samsung. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. Samsung Sony LG VU Videocon Panasonic Onida Philips. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 3D TVs Curved TVs Smart TVs 32-inch TVs 40-inch TVs LED TVs Full HD TVs. Samsung LG Whirlpool Videocon Godrej Haier Panasonic Electrolux. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. Single Door Refrigerators Double Door Refrigerators Triple Door Refrigerators Mini Refrigerators Refrigerators with water dispenser 5 Star Rated Refrigerators. LG Samsung IFB Bajaj Electrolux Onida Kenstar Godrej. 5,000 Up to Rs. 7,000 Up to Rs. 10,000 Up to Rs. 15,000 Up to Rs. Grill Microwave Ovens Convection Microwave Ovens Microwave Oven with Convection and Grill Microwave Oven with 1 Year Warranty Microwave Oven with 2 Year Warranty. LG Samsung Panasonic IFB Videocon Whirlpool Bosch Godrej. 10,000 Up to Rs. 20,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Washing Machines. Fully Automatic Washing Machines Semi Automatic Washing Machines Top Loading Washing Machines Front Loading Washing Machines Washer and Dryer Washing Machine with Heater. Voltas Samsung LG Mitsubishi Whirlpool Blue Star General Hitachi. 25,000 Up to Rs. 30,000 Up to Rs. 35,000 Up to Rs. 40,000 Up to Rs. 50,000 Up to Rs. 60,000 View All Air Conditioners. 5 Star Rated Air Conditioners 4 Star Rated Air Conditioners 3 Star Rated Air Conditioners 1.5 Ton Split Air Conditioners 1 Ton Split Air Conditioners Window Air Conditioners Split Air Conditioners. Printers External Hard Disks (HDD) Routers Point and Shoot Cameras DSLR Cameras Fitness Tracker Gaming Consoles. Home Mobile Phones Xolo Xolo Era 3X. Price Specs Quick Review Video News Similar User Reviews Write a Review. 84 Value For Money Better Options?. We calculate this score by comparing the specs, price & brand of this product to similarly priced products.. / 10 General Specifications 9. Save Money - Get Price Drop Alerts!. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. Buy Xolo Era 3X In India at These Prices. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions. Get extra ₹1500 off (price inclusive of discount). Extra 5% off* with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Xolo Era 3X Full Features & Specifications. / 10 See Better Options Screen Size 5 inch Screen Resolution 1280 x 720 pixels Screen Type LCD Pixel Density 294 PPI Screen Protection Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Bezel Less No Screen Features 2.5D Curved Glass Chipset. / 10 See Better Options Brand MediaTek Processor Speed 1.25GHz Processor MediaTek MT6737 Processor Type Quad-Core RAM 3GB 8. / 10 Graphics Mali-T720 MP2 Camera. / 10 See Better Options Rear Camera Resolution 13MP Dual Rear Camera No Front Camera Resolution 13MP Dual Selfie Camera No Camera Details White balance settings, Continuous shooting, Panorama, ISO settings, Scene mode, Digital zoom, Exposure compensation, HDR, Geotagging, Touch focus, Self timer, Face detection Video Recording Resolution HD Video Recording (720p) Camera Features Autofocus, LED Flash, Front LED Flash General Specifications Operating System Android OS Version Android 7.0 Nougat Device Type Touchscreen USB Connector Type Micro USB Features Fingerprint Scanner, GPS, FM Radio Sensors Accelerometer, Proximity Sensor, Ambient Light Dimensions (mm) 144.5 x 72.2 x 9.7 Weight 170 grams Connectivity 4G LTE (India Compatible), 3G, 2G, WiFi, Bluetooth, VoLTE (Works with Jio) Headphone Jack Type 3.5mm Color Posh Black Build Material Plastic Device Warranty 1 Year Warranty Details 1 Year for Mobile & 6 Months for Accessories In The Box Device, Charger & Cable Separate, Earphone, User Manual, Warranty Card Storage. / 10 See Better Options Internal Storage 16GB Card Slot Yes Maximum Card Slot Capacity 64GB OTG Support Yes Communication SIM Card Slots Dual Network Type GSM SIM Card Type Micro SIM SIM 1 Details 4G, 3G, 2G, Micro SIM SIM 2 Details 4G, 3G, 2G, Micro SIM Hybrid SIM (microSD + SIM) No 2G Bands GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 3G Bands UMTS 900 / 1900 MHz 4G Bands TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3) Battery. / 10 See Better Options Battery Capacity 3000mAh Battery Type Lithium-ion (Li-ion) Removable Battery Yes Wireless Charging No Fast Charging No. Note: Scores are assigned in comparison to similarly priced products. Xolo Era 3X Price in India. The best price of Xolo Era 3X is Rs. You can buy Xolo Era 3X on Flipkart and also look through other stores. All mobile prices are in INR & generally valid with EMI & COD in all cities like Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Chennai & Pune. Kindly report any errors in specs of Xolo Era 3X. Prices were updated today i.e., 26th February 2018.. Seller(s) of Xolo Era 3X Latest Price Flipkart Rs. Indian smartphone maker XOLO launched Xolo Era 3X in October 2017. It is a subsidiary of Lava mobiles. The new phone falls in the budget price segment. Let’s see what the phone has to offer:. The Xolo Era 3X features a 5 inch LCD screen with resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels. Xolo has added a 2.5D curved glass with Corning Gorilla Glass for protection. The Xolo Era 3X features a fingerprint sensor for secure authentication. It has a plastic build & comes in Posh Black colour.. The Xolo Era 3X packs a 13MP rear camera and a 13MP front shooter. Both the cameras feature LED flash along with various features like autofocus, white balance settings, continuous shooting, digital zoom, & face detection. It also lets you record HD videos in 720p.. The Xolo Era 3X is powered by quad-core MediaTek MT6737. processor clocking a speed of 1.25Ghz paired with 3GB of RAM. It offers 16GB internal storage with expandable card slot capacity upto 64GB. The phone runs on Android 7.0 Nougat.. The Xolo Era 3X packs a 3000mAh removable battery. It is a dual sim smartphone that accepts micro-SIM. Connectivity options include WiFI, GPS, Bluetooth, FM, 3G & 4G. Sensors on the phone include accelerometer, proximity and ambient light sensors.. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) about Xolo Era 3X:. Will this phone work with Reliance Jio network?. Ans: Yes, this smartphone has VoLTE so it supports Reliance Jio. Does the phone have a Hybrid second slot?. Ans: No, it has 2 slots for SIMs and a dedicated slot for microSD card.. Does the phone support USB OTG?. Ans: Yes, the phone offers USB OTG support. Ans: Yes, the 3000mAh battery of the phone is user removable.. What type of charging connector do I need?. Ans: You will need a standard Micro USB port for data syncing & charging. Save Money - Get Price Drop Alerts!. Great! Don't forget to click the confirmation link sent to your email.. 4G Mobile Phones Price 13MP - 16MP Camera Phones Below Rs 10000 Price In India Android Mobile Phones Price All Mobiles Price In India Phones Between Rs. 10,000 Price Budget Mobile Phones (Low Cost) Price In India Upcoming Mobile Phones Price Mobile Phones With 3GB RAM Price In India 3G Phones Under Rs. 10,000 Price Best Mobile Phones Under Rs. Micromax Bolt Warrior 2 Q4202 Itel it1518 Itel S21 Invens Diamond D2 Itel Wish A41 LG K4. Have you used this product? Write a review of Xolo Era 3X. If you own Xolo Era 3X, please do leave your feedback too. Your review would help fellow shoppers take an informed decision.. 5 4 3 2 1 Submit. (Each pro separated by new line). (Each con separated by new line). Articles Related to Xolo Era 3X. M-tech Foto 3 – Dual Rear Cameras for Rs. Redmi Note 5 and Note 5 Pro Launched in India, Starting at Rs. Budget Friendly Comio S1 Lite and C2 Lite Launched. An Interesting Story of How Google’s Find my Device Helped Recover a Lost Sma.... Moto Z2 Force Goes Official for Rs. 34,999 in India with Unbreakable Display,.... Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite With Selfie Flash Launched. Nokia 7 Plus and Nokia 1 Leaked Yet Again. Ziox Duopix F9 with Dual Selfie Cameras Launched. Infinix Hot S3 with 20MP Selfie Camera Launched in India starting at Rs. iPhone Prices in India Increase for the Second Time in 3 Months. Smartron t.Phone P Launched: A Phone with an Unusual Name and a Massive Battery. Nokia 7 Plus Images and Specifications Leaked. Talk about Xolo Era 3X, ask your questions!. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. 6,999 is the Best Price In India for Xolo Era 3X, last updated on February 26, 2018. Samsung Mobile Android Smartphones Vivo Mobiles in India Xiaomi Mi Phones LYF Mobiles All Brands. Home Blog About Us FAQs Contact Us Careers Terms of use Privacy Policy. 100 Million Smiles & Counting Phone Checker App. © 2012-2018 Pricebaba ™ All rights reserved. All trademarks / logos / brands are the property of their respective owners.. Report an error on this page. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Price Overview Images Complete Specs Competitors News. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Available in India | Launch Date in India: 11 October, 2017 |. (3.6/5) 5 ratings Rate now. 5MP Primary Camera, 8 MP Front Camera. 5.0 inches 720 x 1280 pixels. XOLO ERA 3 (4G VOLTE with 8MP Front Camera) (Posh Black) 4,499 Go to Store XOLO ERA 3 with 8 MP Selfie Camera (Slate Black,8GB)(1 GB RAM) 4,499 Go to Store. XOLO Era 3 comes with a 5.0 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Quad core, 1.25 GHz, MediaTek MT6737 that is coupled with Mali T720 GPU,. 1 GB RAM and 8 GB Storage default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 32 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the XOLO Era 3 sports a 5 MP Camera with Yes, Geo Tagging, HDR.. Up front, the smartphone from XOLO makes use of a 8 MP Camera with LED Flash selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the XOLO Era 3 includes Wi-Fi 802.11, b/g/n, Hotspot, v4.0, microUSB v2.0, with A-GPS support. The XOLO Era 3 gets the power from a Li-Ion 2500 mAh battery.. The XOLO Era 3 runs Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat).. The smartphone is priced at Rs. Amazon, Flipkart and leading offline stores.. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat) Device type Smart Phone Sim Dual Sim ANNOUNCED Status Available in India Global Release Date October 2017 Indian Release Date 11 October, 2017 BODY Weight 144 x 72.2 x 9.45 mm DISPLAY Screen size 5.0 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD PROCESSOR CPU Quad core, 1.25 GHz GPU Mali T720 Chipset MediaTek MT6737 STORAGE Internal Storage 8 GB Storage RAM 1 GB RAM External Storage Up to 32 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 5 MP Camera Front Camera 8 MP Camera with LED Flash Video Recording Yes Camera Features Geo Tagging, HDR MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, AMR-NB, Wav, AAC Video Player MPEG4, H263,H.264, .MP4 Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Li-Ion 2500 mAh battery CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11, b/g/n, Hotspot Bluetooth v4.0 USB microUSB v2.0 GPS Facility with A-GPS support Browser HTML5 3G Speed HSDPA , LTE NETWORK SUPPORT 3G WCDMA 900 / 2100 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 4G VoLTE. 1 GB 8MP. 2 GB 8MP. 2 GB 13MP. 1 GB 8MP. Xolo Era 3X, Era 2V and Era 3 launched in India; price starts at Rs. 4,999 October 11, 2017. Xolo, the Indian smartphone brand has launched series of selfie-centric smartphones: Era 3X, Era 2V and Era 3. 4,999 respectively, the phones are exclusively available on Flipkart. Xiaomi Redmi 5A launched in India with 13MP camera, 3,000mAh battery January 24, 2018. Well, after days of teasing, Xiaomi has officially announced the 'Desh Ka Smartphone' in India. As we speculated earlier, the new smartphone is the Redmi 5A. The Redmi 5A had already made its debut in China last month. XOLO Era 2X (16GB - 3GB RAM). XOLO Era 2X (16GB - 2GB RAM). About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
Click here to find mobiles using filters related to price, features, brands etc.. Dual Sim, 3G, Wi-Fi Quad Core, 1.2 GHz Processor 1 GB RAM, 8 GB inbuilt 2100 mAh Battery 5 inches, 480 x 854 px display 8 MP Rear + 2 MP Front Camera Memory Card Supported, upto 32 GB Android, v4.4. Competitive price Large 5 Inch display Reasonable battery capacity. XOLO Era is currently not available in any stores.. General: Dual Sim Android, v4.4 2100 mAH Battery Display: Touch 5 inches 480 x 854 pixels Camera: 8 MP Flash 2 MP Front Camera Technical: 1.2 GHz, Quad Core Processor 1 GB RAM 8 GB Inbuilt Memory Memory Card Support, upto 32 GB Connectivity: 3G WiFi Bluetooth GPS Extra: FM Radio 3.5mm Headphone Jack. Use multiple sims at the same time. It allows you to use two services without the need to carry two mobile phones at the same time. Touch Displays offer a more interactive experience. Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. Has a camera for taking photos. Having a camera flash allows you to take photos in low light. Front Camera enables you to take your own photos and do videocalling (on supported devices). Memory cards give your device more storage capacity. So you can store more songs, photos and videos. More cores result in better parallelism, meaning more tasks can be processed in parallel without slowing down the User Interface. 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. You can connect to wifi hotspots in your area to experience a superior internet experience. Bluetooth enables you to wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets. GPS is used for determining your location. You can get directions to a place with the help of GPS. Having 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices (such as speakers, headphones) having 3.5mm Port. Detects motion as well as the orientation of a device (horizontally or vertically). Listen to your favourite radio stations on your phone. Enjoy music on the go with FM Radio.. Images, videos and text will not look very sharp. Images, videos and text will not look very sharp. Text will be harder to read. 4G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience than 3G. You can't connect your phone to a TV. Compass Determines direction facing relative to North, East, West and South.. Full Specifications Report An Error General Sim Type: GSM+GSM Dual Sim: Yes Device Type: Smartphone Display Type: Color IPS screen Touch: Yes, with Multitouch Size: 5 inches, 480 x 854 pixels PPI: ~ 196 PPI Memory RAM: 1 GB Internal: 8 GB inbuilt Card Slot: Yes, upto 32 GB Connectivity GPRS: Yes EDGE: Yes 3G: Yes Wifi: Yes Bluetooth: Yes, v4.0 USB: Yes, microUSB v2.0 Extra GPS: Yes Sensors: Accelerometer 3.5mm Headphone Jack: Yes Camera Camera: Yes, 8 MP Dual Camera: No Flash: LED Front Camera: Yes, 2 MP Technical OS: Android, v4.4 (KitKat) CPU: 1.2 GHz, Quad Core Processor Multimedia FM Radio: Yes Battery Size: 2100 mAh, Li-ion Battery. Xolo Era price in India, features and specifications. Xolo Era made its debut in the market few months back and it continues to thrive for the company. The phone offers a handful of features for a very pocket-friendly price. Here’s Xolo Era price in India, and a quick look at features and specifications. Xolo Era boasts of a 5-inch IPS display which is perfect for watching videos or surfing web. The display has a 480 x 854 pixel resolution with 196 ppi. Under the hood, it gets a feeble 1.2 GHz Spreadtrum SC7731 quad-core processor with 1GB RAM and 8GB ROM. The phone is powered by a 2100mAh battery which, looking at its budget category, is decent. At the rear side, it wears an 8-megapixel camera for snapping perfect memories. It runs on Android 4.4 kitkat and comes with pre-installed apps like Google Search, Maps, Gmail, Youtube, Calendar, Google Talk, Hangout, 6 degree, McAfee Security and Snapdeal. All said and done, this is an entry level smartphone fit for basic usage. At this price point, you must expect a few compromises. Currently, Xolo Era is exclusively available on Snapdeal. The Xolo era best price in India is Rs. Company is also shipping a back cover, a screen protector and an OTG cable free with Xolo Era.. Competitive price Large 5 Inch display Reasonable battery capacity. It has only 800 kb speed of downloading via wifi or 3g. Battery backup is also not bad.. Only sim 1 supports 3g. Screen resolution Camera Flash Always hang Low bettery life only 2 hours Always lag. phone is good but android should be updated. dual SIM 5 inch screen cheap 1gb ram 8mp cam. only ok mobile but not superb. Overall OK but battery an screen resolution not good on this price no More expection. otg 5inch screen Movebl app No lag 1gb ram Only 4444 rs. Battery life Low PPI resolution Screen clearity not crispy. Enter each Pro in new line.. Enter each Con in new line.. Who Viewed This Also Viewed .... Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro (6GB RAM + 64GB). XOLO Mobiles Between 5000 and 10000. vs XOLO Era vs Xiaomi Redmi 2 Pro vs XOLO Era vs OPPO Neo 5 (16GB) vs XOLO Era vs Karbonn A6 Turbo vs XOLO Era vs Swipe Elite 2 Plus vs XOLO Era vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro (6GB RAM + 64GB). Sign up for our Newsletter :. Congratulations!!! You are now subscribed to our newsletter.. smartprix.com , All rights reserved. Recently Viewed By You ( 0 ). Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product Add Another Product. Mobiles And Tablets 0 Laptops And Computers 0 Cameras 0 Personal Appliances 0 Mobile Accessories 0. your email will not be published. Select A Product From Search Suggestions. your email will not be published. --select-- Incorrect Price Incorrect/ Missing Product Detail Coupon Not Working Found Lowest Price Somewhere Else Just A Feedback Other Issue. Sign in with your email address.. Find, Compare and Buy all in one place. Sign up with your email address. Already have an account? Login. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. XOLO Era 3X Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Market status: Available in India. Setup in 2012, XOLO is an Indian brand which primarily deals in mid-range Android smartphones. It is owned by Lava International.. Xolo has over 1200 service centres in India.. Overview Prices User Reviews Specs competitors Q&A. XOLO Era 3X details Read more. Sufficient RAM Front flash camera Ample storage. The XOLO Era 3X is a decently-featured smartphone and comes with an affordable price tag. It is a treat for the selfie lovers and which offers a moonlight flash to take selfies in low-light. It offers good storage to fulfil your storage needs and is a good performer during multitasking. Overall, it is one of the best options to be considered, if you are looking for a low-budget smartphone.. The XOLO Era 3X features a 5.0-inch IPS LCD touchscreen display with HD (720 x 1,280 pixels) resolution. The 2.5D curved glass comes protected with Corning Gorilla Glass v3. It is powered by a quad-core processor, which sits on the MediaTek MT6737 chipset and offers a clock speed of 1.25 GHz. It is further assisted by a 3GB RAM and an integrated MediaTek MT6737 graphics card for smooth performance.. The device comes equipped with an inbuilt 16GB storage, which is expandable up to 32GB by using an external memory card. At the rear-end, the smartphone features a 13MP primary camera for capturing good quality images. The front-facing 13MP selfie camera comes with moonlight flash to capture good images even in low light conditions. It also helps for a good video calling experience.. Connectivity options include 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n with hotspot option, Bluetooth v4.0, microUSB 2.0 and GPS. It also comes with a fingerprint sensor located at the rear-end of the device to provide additional security. The XOLO Era 3X comes with a 3,000mAh Li-ion battery, which is user removable and provides a good backup to the device.. XOLO Era 3X PRICE IN INDIA. XOLO Era 3X price in India starts from Rs. The lowest price of XOLO Era 3X is Rs. The latest price of this phone is updated on Feb 26, 2018.. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». Flat 1,500 Off On XOLO ERA. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar» .. Flat 1,500 Off On XOLO ERA.. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar» .. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Sorry, we could not find any store with selected criteria.. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». Flat 1,500 Off On XOLO ERA. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Performance ▾. Group: 6 - 8 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 6 - 8 K. 6 - 8 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 6 - 8 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 6 - 8 K. 6 - 8 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 6 - 8 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 6 - 8 K. 6 - 8 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 6 - 8 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 6 - 8 K. 6 - 8 K Phones All Phones. Supports Indian bands VoLTE 16 GB + 64 GB Expandable Dual SIM: Micro + Micro Fingerprint sensor Gorilla Glass 3 USB OTG Support FM Radio. What makes XOLO Era 3X unique?. Review talking about - Read all Great camera Reviews. BASED ON 3,071 RATING(S). 03 Dec 2017 By jyotirmay panda On flipkart.com. No one can compete with reliable brands. This is the3rd class company that the product proves. It's internal software called message is not working. 04 Feb 2018 By Flipkart Customer On flipkart.com. SD card not supporting otherwise this is very good budget phone camera clarity is excellent compared to MI phones. 6 - 8 K Phones all phones. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Group: 6 - 8 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones in 6 - 8 K. 6 - 8 K Phones All Phones. Group: 6 - 8 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones in 6 - 8 K. 6 - 8 K Phones All Phones. 5.0 inches (12.7 cm) Screen Resolution. HD (720 x 1280 pixels) Pixel Density. Corning Gorilla Glass v3 Touch Screen. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: 6 - 8 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 6 - 8 K. 6 - 8 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 6 - 8 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 6 - 8 K. 6 - 8 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 1.25 GHz, Cortex A53. Group: 6 - 8 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 6 - 8 K. 6 - 8 K Phones All Phones. Group: 6 - 8 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 6 - 8 K. 6 - 8 K Phones All Phones. Quad core, 1.25 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: MediaTek MT6737. Quad core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 MSM8916. Octa core, 1.8 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon. Group: 6 - 8 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 6 - 8 K. 6 - 8 K Phones All Phones. Up to 64 GB USB OTG Support. Group: 6 - 8 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 6 - 8 K. 6 - 8 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 6 - 8 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 6 - 8 K. 6 - 8 K Phones All Phones. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus Video Recording. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 6 - 8 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 6 - 8 K. 6 - 8 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 6 - 8 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 6 - 8 K. 6 - 8 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 6 - 8 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 6 - 8 K. 6 - 8 K Phones All Phones. Group: 6 - 8 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 6 - 8 K. 6 - 8 K Phones All Phones. SIM1: Micro, SIM2: Micro Network Support. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G VoLTE. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3). GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android XOLO Phablet Dual SIM Camera 5 MP & above. I don't want to see this. THIS COMPETITOR HAS OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches. Lesser RAM: 2 GB vs 3 GB. Lower primary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 13 MP. Quad core 1.25 GHz Battery capacity: 3000 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 294 ppi Internal Memory: 16 GB Thickness: 9.7 mm Weight: 170 grams 57 people viewed together 259 people compared together. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5 inches. Quad core 1.3 GHz vs Quad core 1.25 GHz. Higher battery capacity: 4000 mAH vs 3000 mAH. OS: Android RAM: 3 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 16 GB 171 people compared together. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 64 GB. Lesser thickness: 8.8 mm vs 9.7 mm. Lower pixel density: 267 ppi vs 294 ppi. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 13 MP. More weight: 175 grams vs 170 grams. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.4 GHz vs Quad core 1.25 GHz. Higher battery capacity: 3120 mAH vs 3000 mAH. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 64 GB. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 294 ppi Internal Memory: 16 GB 167 people compared together. Lesser thickness: 8.5 mm vs 9.7 mm. Lesser weight: 131.5 grams vs 170 grams. Lesser RAM: 2 GB vs 3 GB. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 13 MP. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.3 GHz vs Quad core 1.25 GHz. Higher battery capacity: 4000 mAH vs 3000 mAH. Lesser weight: 162 grams vs 170 grams. OS: Android Screen size: 5 inches SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 294 ppi Internal Memory: 16 GB 104 people compared together. Lesser RAM: 2 GB vs 3 GB. Lower primary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 13 MP. Lesser expandable memory: 32 GB vs 64 GB. Lower secondary camera resolution: 2 MP vs 13 MP. More thickness: 10 mm vs 9.7 mm. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.7 inches vs 5 inches. Octa core 1.3 GHz vs Quad core 1.25 GHz. Higher battery capacity: 4300 mAH vs 3000 mAH. OS: Android RAM: 3 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 100 people compared together. Higher pixel density: 386 ppi vs 294 ppi. More internal memory: 32 GB vs 16 GB. More expandable memory: 128 GB vs 64 GB. Lesser thickness: 8.4 mm vs 9.7 mm. Lower secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 13 MP. More weight: 198 grams vs 170 grams. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.5 inches vs 5 inches. Higher battery capacity: 4000 mAH vs 3000 mAH. More internal memory: 32 GB vs 16 GB. Quad core 1.25 GHz RAM: 3 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 72 people compared together. Lesser thickness: 9 mm vs 9.7 mm. Lower pixel density: 267 ppi vs 294 ppi. Lesser expandable memory: 32 GB vs 64 GB. Lower secondary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 13 MP. More weight: 181 grams vs 170 grams. View all FAQs about XOLO Era 3X. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Does Xolo era 3x support video call?. Answered by Kriti Khan | 2 months ago. Yes, Xolo Era 3x supports video calls.. You can check the full specs here:. 2 more answer(s) | Spam?. What is the launch date of Xolo Era 3X?. Answered by kaushikchirag170 | 4 months ago. Does XOLO Era 3X support fast charging?. Asked By Alok Dhyani | 28 days ago. Does XOLO era 3x have led notification feature?. Asked By anshu.nagpal2011 | 2 months ago. Does XOLO Era 3X support OTG?. Asked By anshu.nagpal2011 | 2 months ago. People who viewed XOLO Era 3X also viewed. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
We would like to send you awesome offers!. Notifications can be turned off anytime from settings.. Sorry!! No result found for "OK".Please press enter for search.. If you are a new user. Please refresh the page and try again.. Please refresh the page and try again.. New product price is lower than exchange product price. Please check the updated No Cost EMI details on the payment page. Exchange offer is not applicable with this product. Exchange Offer cannot be clubbed with Bajaj Finserv for this product. Product price & seller has been updated as per Bajaj Finserv EMI option. Your item has been added to Shortlist.. Your Item has been added to Shopping List. Remove below items from the cart. Return form will be sent to your email Id:. Want this item in next 24 hours?. Get an instant SMS with a link to download the Snapdeal App. Please Enter a Valid 10 Digit Number.. Yes, Send Me A Link To The App. Xolo Era (8 GB, Black) is sold out.. You have reached the maximum number of selection. You can select only upto 4 items to compare.. You have already selected this product.. This product has been sold out. We will let you know when in stock. You will be notified when this product will be in stock. Dial *#06# to get your IMEI Number. In case of device support issues, try new Snapdeal App. Exchange device should not be broken & it should be in working condition.. Try new Snapdeal App for higher exchange discount. Exchange device should not be broken & it should be in working condition.. Screen Size (in cm):12.7 cm (5). Handset, Charger, Earphone, OTG Cable, Battery. 1 Standard for 2G and 1 Micro for 3G. Email, SMS, IM, Hangouts, Document Viewer. Call Waiting, Call Forwarding, Call Conferencing. Google Search, Maps, Gmail, Youtube, Calendar, Google Talk,Hangout,6 degree, McAfee Security,Snapdeal. Scene detection & tuning, Panaroma, Geo tagging, HDR,Slow motion,Freeze frame disply,Burst mode. 0.387 w/kg (Head), 0.277 w/kg (Body). 2G up to 24.5 Hours, 3G up to 10 Hours. 2G -511 Hours 3G -523 Hours. The XOLO Era 8GB is a marvel in itself. It uses innovative technology and is highly user-friendly, as it runs on an Android v4.4.2 (KitKat) OS. This XOLO mobile phone is very reliable as it uses the Spreadtrum SC7731 chipset and a Quad-core 1.2 GHz processor. Processes are completed at lightning speeds and this adds to the convenience factor of the XOLO phone. This smartphone is amongst the best mobile phones available in India and is now up for grabs on Snapdeal.. The XOLO Era 8GB is a dual sim mobile that gives its users the convenience of handling two SIM cards in one gadget. Switching between SIM cards and managing them is easy and very much hassle free. This mobile phone features GSM, WCDMA and HSPA network capability.. The XOLO phone features a 12.7cm display with a resolution of 480x854 pixels. The display is an IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen. This mobile phone features multi-touch of up to 2 fingers.. The XOLO Era 8GB features a Spreadtrum SC7731 chipset that is highly reliable in terms of its performance and durability. The central processing unit is a Quad-core 1.2 GHz one and also has a stand-alone Mali-400 (MP) graphics processing unit. The XOLO Era is highly capable in terms of its performance due to the amazing combination of processor specification.. This XOLO mobile phone is amongst the best mobile phones in India and is highly capable. It is mated with an Android v4.4.2 (KitKat) operating system which makes it very user-friendly. Android operating systems are very convenient and are compatible with almost every application available today.. 8 MP Rear Camera with 2 MP Front Camera. This mobile phone features an 8 MP primary camera and a 2 MP secondary camera. So you can take clear selfies and video chat with ease.. The XOLO era runs on a 1 GB RAM and has an internal memory capacity of 8GB. This mobile also has an expandable memory up to 32 GB. This storage space is plenty in terms of high-quality images, videos and songs.. The XOLO Era 8GB is equipped with a removable Li-Ion 2100 mAh battery that is highly capable. This high energy density battery can power the XOLO Era for a standby time of up to 511 hours and 4 minutes. While the total charging time would be up to 3 hours and 30 minutes.. The images represent actual product though color of the image and product may slightly differ.. For warranty-related claims, please contact the brand service centre.. Was this information helpful to you?. Thank You for submitting your response.. Expand your business to millions of customers. More Mobile Phones From Xolo. Got a question? Look no further.. Browse our FAQs or submit your query here.. Download the app and get exciting. app only offers at your fingertips. Please enter a valid email address.. Register now to get updates on promotions and. About Snapdeal – India’s Ultimate Online Shopping Site. Snapdeal’s vision is to create India’s most reliable and frictionless commerce ecosystem that creates life-changing experiences for buyers and sellers. In February 2010, Kunal Bahl along with Rohit Bansal, started Snapdeal.com - India’s largest online shopping marketplace, with the widest assortment of 35 million plus products across 800 plus diverse categories from over 125,000 regional, national, and international brands and retailers. With millions of users and more than 300,000 sellers, Snapdeal is the online shopping site for Internet users across the country, delivering to 6000+ cities and towns in India. In its journey till now, Snapdeal has partnered with several global marquee investors and individuals such as SoftBank, BlackRock, Temasek, Foxconn, Alibaba, eBay Inc., Premji Invest, Intel Capital, Bessemer Venture Partners, Mr. Online Shopping – A Boon The trend of online shopping is becoming a household name and so is Snapdeal. Snapdeal is the preferred choice of hundreds of thousands of online shoppers given its mammoth assortment of 15 million+ products, quick delivery even to the remotest corners of the country, and daily deals, discounts & offers to make products available at slashed down prices to our valuable customers. Get Started! Shop Online Today at Snapdeal If you have been missing out on all the fun of online shopping thinking it requires one to be a technology aficionado then we have good news for you. Shopping online particularly at Snapdeal is a child’s play; all you need is a mobile phone or laptop or tablet with Internet connection to get started. Simply log into Snapdeal.com and browse through the wide assortment of products across categories. Once you have zeroed in on your favorite products, simply place the order by filling in the details; the products will be delivered right at your doorstep. Fulfill Your Entrepreneurial Dreams! Sell Today at Snapdeal Thanks to easy-to-understand, flexible policies and SD Advisors to help sellers at each step, anyone from a manufacturer to wholesaler to retailer can sell on Snapdeal. Begin your entrepreneurial journey with Snapdeal as a seller by filling a simple registration form here. Once the registration process is done, you can start selling your products to the entire country by sitting at your home or office. Doesn't it sound thrilling? Of course, it is and the excitement will build up with every order you receive! Start selling at Snapdeal today and see your business reach staggering heights. Shop on the Go – Install Snapdeal App Today! You can shop for your favourite products at Snapdeal even on the go using Snapdeal App. Available for both Android and Apple users, the app can be downloaded from Google Play Store and Apple App Store respectively. The app is quick, user-friendly, and enables shoppers buy products with a breeze. What's more, get timely notifications on your phone or tablet so that you don't miss amazing deals and offers. Download the app right now and experience how fun it is to shop on your mobile!. Copyright © 2017, Jasper Infotech Private Limited. 
Press alt + / to open this menu. See more of XOLO on Facebook. See more of XOLO on Facebook. Typically replies within a few hours. English (UK) · 中文(简体) · Bahasa Indonesia · Español · Português (Brasil). Privacy · Terms · Advertising · AdChoices · Cookies ·. · 31 January at 01:32 ·. This Winter XOLO made an effort to make winter nights a bit warmer for the homeless. We distributed 4000+ blankets across India with the help of Clothes Box Foundation. A Big THANK YOU to everyone who engaged with the cause and thought it was important. It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser.. · 23 hrs · ·. Select "See First" from our Home Page to never miss any updates on the latest happening about XOLO!. It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser.. 
