Home > Xolo > Xolo A550s IPS. Download Xolo A550s IPS Stock Firmware (flash file) How to Flash. On this page, you will find the official link to download Xolo A550s IPS Stock Firmware ROM (flash file) on your Computer. Firmware comes in a zip package, which contains Flash File, Flash Tool, USB Driver and How-to Flash Manual.. File Name : Xolo_A550s_IPS_S107_20140707.zip File Size : 365 MB How to Flash : Follow Tutorial Firmware Link : Click here to Start Download. Step 1 : Download and extract the Xolo A550s IPS stock firmware on your computer.. Step 2 : After extracting, you will be able to get the Firmware File, Flash Tool, Driver and How-to Flash Guide.. Step 3 : Install the provided USB Driver on your Computer if in case USB Driver is already installed, SKIP this step).. Step 4 : Follow the How-to Flash Guide to Flash the Firmware on your Xolo A550s IPS Device.. [*] Take a Backup : If you are going to flash the above Firmware on your Xolo A550s IPS device, then take a backup of everything as because your personal data will be deleted after flashing the stock firmware.. [*] The firmware shared on this page is officially released by the company and helps you to recovery your device if you ever got bootloop, software error, update error, hanging and dead issue.. Alcatel Firmware Samsung Firmware Vivo Firmware. Made with ♥ in Spain | Powered by BlueHost. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder Xolo A550s IPS. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. Xolo A550s IPS smartphone was launched in July 2014. The phone comes with a 4.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 480 pixels by 800 pixels at a PPI of 233 pixels per inch. The Xolo A550s IPS is powered by 1GHz dual-core MediaTek MT6572M processor and it comes with 512MB of RAM. The phone packs 4GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the Xolo A550s IPS packs a 5-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 0.3-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The Xolo A550s IPS runs Android 4.2 and is powered by a 1400mAh removable battery. It measures 125.00 x 63.90 x 9.10 (height x width x thickness). The Xolo A550s IPS is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Regular and Regular. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, FM and 3G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. Xolo A550s IPS With 4-Inch Display Now Available Online at Rs. Xolo A550s IPS With 3G Support, 4-Inch IPS Display Launched at Rs. More Xolo mobiles Xolo mobiles price in India. Release date July 2014 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 125.00 x 63.90 x 9.10 Battery capacity (mAh) 1400 Removable battery Yes Colours White. Screen size (inches) 4.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 480x800 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 233. Processor 1GHz dual-core Processor make MediaTek MT6572M RAM 512MB Internal storage 4GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 32. Rear camera 5-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 0.3-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 3.00 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Regular GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 SIM Type Regular GSM/CDMA GSM 3G No 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for Xolo A550s IPS. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Xolo A550s IPS With 4-Inch Display Now Available Online at Rs. Xolo A550s IPS With 3G Support, 4-Inch IPS Display Launched at Rs. Xolo Era 3 Xolo Era 2V Xolo Era 3X Xolo Era 1X Pro Xolo Era 2X Xolo Era 2 Xolo Era 1X Xolo Era X Xolo Era 4G Xolo Era 4K Xolo 8X-1000i Xolo One HD Xolo Era HD Xolo Black 1X Xolo Black Xolo Era Xolo Cube 5.0 Xolo Prime Xolo LT2000 Xolo Q1001 Xolo Q600 Club Xolo A1010 Xolo Win Q1000 Xolo Q520s Xolo 8X-1020 Xolo Q700 Club Xolo Q900s Plus Xolo Omega 5.5 Xolo Omega 5.0 Xolo Opus 3. Blackberry Z10 Micromax Bolt A065 vs. Xolo A500s Lite Xolo A550s Ips vs. Sony Xperia M Xolo A550s Ips vs. Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 Lte vs. Nokia Asha 503 Xolo A550s Ips vs. Sony Xperia E1 Dual Samsung Galaxy J2 vs. Motorola Moto E Gen 2 vs. Xolo A550s Ips Intex Aqua 4 5e vs. Xolo A550s Ips Xolo A550s Ips vs. Karbonn K101 Star Xolo A550s Ips vs. Xolo A600 Xolo A550s Ips vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Xolo A550s IPS in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Model Xolo A550s IPS Dimensions 63.9mm x 125mm x 9.1mm Weight - Operating System Android Latest OS Version 4.2 Jelly Bean Market Status Available Price - Release Date -. Processor MTK6572M Processor Speed 1 GHz Processor Cores 2 GPU Mali 400 RAM 522 MB. Display Technology IPS LCD Resolution 480 x 800 Pixels Per Inch 233. Rear Camera 5 MP Front Camera 0.3 MP Video Camera Video FPS 30 Max Video Resolution 720 x 1280. Internal Memory 4 GB Maximum Storage Space 32 GB Memory Card Type - SIM Type Mini SIM Dual SIM. Battery Type Li-Ion Battery Capacity 1400 mAh Standby Time 26 days Talk Time 21 hours Replaceable Battery. GPRS Wifi 3G 4G GPS A-GPS Bluetooth 3.5mm Headphone Jack. Search for an app or game. Can the A550s IPS run this app/game?. The A550s IPS manufacturer is Xolo.. With a processor speed of 1 GHz. and 510 MB of RAM ,. the Xolo A550s IPS has poor specifications. Don't expect it to run games or apps that are at all complex.. The Xolo A550s IPS has a pixel density of 233 PPI. The overall Xolo A550s IPS screen display resolution is 480x800 pixels wide and tall, making it. exhibit pretty standard screen resolution dimensions when compared. on the modern smartphone market today.. The Xolo A550s IPS has a 5 MP camera. A phone camera of this type is currently. towards the bottom end of the phone camera market. By today's standards you can expect a fairly low quality photo from the Xolo A550s IPS .. The Xolo A550s IPS has an internal memory of 4GB ,. and can be expanded with up to 32GB extra space,. offers a fairly low amount of space, minimizing any hopes for a large multimedia library of music, videos, and images.. With a maximum potential storage of 36 GB and an estimated average compressed image file size of 2.5 MB , the Xolo A550s IPS would be able to hold about 14746 high quality images with nothing else taking up memory space.. The overall Xolo A550s IPS battery capacity is 1400 mAh (ampere-hours) ,. The Xolo A550s IPS has a talk time of 21 hours and a standby time of 26 days. In the modern smartphone market, this. equates to a fairly average phone battery life.. There is not yet enough data to reliably judge the technical performance of the Xolo A550s IPS .. 
Home / Xolo / Xolo A550s IPS. Check Repair & Unlock IMEI Enable Debugging Mode. Remove Bloatware Frequently Ask Questions. Top Apps Top Games. ( If Keys Combination not work Use this General. Release the buttons when you see an Android icon on your mobile screen Press the Power. After Splash Screen a set of options will appear. In order to choose “ wipe data/factory reset ” Plz Follow instruction on your mobile Screen to navigate and to confirm. Next, select “ Yes–delete all user data “. Plz Follow again instruction on your mobile Screen to scroll and to select.. To restart the phone, select “reboot system now“.. Success! Your phone should begin the hard reset operation.. First of all, make sure that your device is on. Then from the home screen open Menu and choose Settings. After that select Backup&Reset and tap Factory data reset. Choose Reset phone and select Erase everything to begin hard reset operation. Well done! Your cell phone is ready to use.. ( If Keys Combination not work Use this General. Release the buttons when you see an Android icon on your mobile screen Press the Power. ( If Keys Combination not work Use this General. Release the buttons when you see an Android icon on your mobile screen Press the Power. After Splash Screen a set of options will appear. In order to choose “ wipe data/factory reset ” Plz Follow instruction on your mobile Screen to navigate and to confirm. Next, select “ Yes–delete all user data “. Plz Follow again instruction on your mobile Screen to scroll and to select.. To restart the phone, select “reboot system now“.. Success! Your phone should begin the hard reset operation.. SP Flash Tool ( Latest version MTK Flash Tool v. First, make sure that you have install Your device driver ( MediaTek DA USB VCOM drivers ). If your device driver is installed then Open SP Flash Tool. and load Scatter file by press Scatter-Loading Button. Browser for “Scatter File” Where the scatter file is located. Wait for loading all the files. Now all the file for specific android device loads, Press on Download option. or Select Firmware Upgrade to upgrade your firmware.. Remove battery and put it again in you phone. Now Press on Download button and Connect your android device with your Computer or PC. The process will start and progress bar will shows with three different colors Red, Purple and Yellow. At the end when Progress bar completes it will show Ok Notification with green color it mean that Flashing Completed successfully. Now disconnect your Phone from PC and Turn on your device. I hope it will work fine. If there is any difficulty then you can follow this complete article about flashing Rom using SP Flash Tool. First You will Need A few Thing:. Xolo A550s IPS flash file | firmware. Xolo A550s IPS Download free flash file. Root using KingoRoot Root using KingoRoot. USB Cable (the original one recommended). Free download and install KingoRoot Android (PC Version). Double click the desktop icon of Kingo Android Root and launch it. Plug your Android device into your computer via USB cable. Enable USB Debugging mode on your Android device. Read notifications carefully before rooting your device. Click “ROOT” to root your device. Check the root status of your device.. Make sure you get everything right beforehand.. Kingo offers the best one-click Android root software for free. Just download and install it now.. After launching Kingo Android Root, you will see its interface as shown below.. If your device driver is not installed on your Computer, Kingo will install it for you automatically. Make sure you get Internet conenction so that device driver can be downloaded. If you are using Windows 8, you may need to change some settings first. When running Kingo Android Root on Windows 8, the issue you may most likely encounter is driver installation looping.. How to solve driver installation looping on Windows 8 when running Kingo Android Root?. USB Debugging mode enabled is a necessary step of Android rooting process.. How to enable USB Debugging mode?. INPORTANT : Pay attention to your device screen for a prompt window. Tick “Always allow from this computer”. If you don’t, you will probably get yourself an OFFLINE DEVICE.. However, it is not exactly a small issue either. Rooting your device may open a door for you, and yet with risks.. Android rooting is a modification process to the original system, in which the limitations are removed and full-access is allowed and thus resulting in the ability to alter or replace system applications and settings, run specialized apps and even facilitate the removal and replacement of the device’s operating system with a custom one. Rooting your device will immediately void your warranty…. Click to know more about Android Rooting .. Kingo Android Root will employ multiple exploits on your device, which will probably take a couple of minutes. In the rooting process, your device may be rebooted several times. Do not be panic, it is perfectly normal. And once it begins, please DO NOT touch, move, unplug or perform any operation on your device.. Hopefully your device is well supported and successfully rooted by Kingo. Until your device reboots itself, do not operate.. Normally, you will find an app named “SuperUser” installed on your device after successful rooting.. Root via KingoRoot APK Root via KingoRoot APK. Step 1: Free download KingoRoot.apk. You can use the PC Version of KingoRoot Android (PC Version) , which has a higher success rate due to technical reasons. You can visit APK Root for Android on your mobile and download the file on your device. You can download KingoRoot.apk on your PC, transfer it to your Android device and then find the file via File Explorer and install it from APK section. Step 2: Install KingoRoot.apk on your device. Step 3: Launch “Kingo ROOT” app and start rooting. Step 4: Waiting for a few seconds till the result screen appear. The download will be automatically started. If Chrome has warned you about KingoRoot.apk, click “OK” to proceed.. If you are using PC to view this tutorial, you have three choices.. How to root any android device and version with KingoRoot?. If you didn’t check “Unknown Sources” in Settings > Security, then during installation, you will get a prompt “Install blocked”, stating that “For security, your phone is set to block installation of apps obtained from unknown sources”.. Just follow phone instructions and install Kingo Root on your device and allow installs from “Unknown Sources”.. Kingo Root is very user-friendly and easy to use. Click “One Click Root” to start the rooting process.. It is highly recommended that you try several times when rooting with KingoRoot apk version. We have several rooting methods integrated in apk root, however, it will only run one at a time. So you have to try it more if you failed for first two three time.. MORE TO SAY If KingoRoot APK failed to root your device after several trials, please refer to KingoRoot Android (PC Version), which has a much higher success rate due to technical reasons.. Root using SuperOneClick Root using SuperOneClick. Step 1: Free download KingoRoot.apk. You can use the PC Version of KingoRoot Android (PC Version) , which has a higher success rate due to technical reasons. You can visit APK Root for Android on your mobile and download the file on your device. You can download KingoRoot.apk on your PC, transfer it to your Android device and then find the file via File Explorer and install it from APK section. Step 2: Install KingoRoot.apk on your device. Step 3: Launch “Kingo ROOT” app and start rooting. Step 4: Waiting for a few seconds till the result screen appear. The download will be automatically started. If Chrome has warned you about KingoRoot.apk, click “OK” to proceed.. If you are using PC to view this tutorial, you have three choices.. How to root any android device and version with KingoRoot?. If you didn’t check “Unknown Sources” in Settings > Security, then during installation, you will get a prompt “Install blocked”, stating that “For security, your phone is set to block installation of apps obtained from unknown sources”.. Just follow phone instructions and install Kingo Root on your device and allow installs from “Unknown Sources”.. Kingo Root is very user-friendly and easy to use. Click “One Click Root” to start the rooting process.. It is highly recommended that you try several times when rooting with KingoRoot apk version. We have several rooting methods integrated in apk root, however, it will only run one at a time. So you have to try it more if you failed for first two three time.. MORE TO SAY If KingoRoot APK failed to root your device after several trials, please refer to KingoRoot Android (PC Version), which has a much higher success rate due to technical reasons.. Root via Root Genius Root via Root Genius. Xolo A550s IPS via Root Genius. Step 1: Free download KingoRoot.apk. You can use the PC Version of KingoRoot Android (PC Version) , which has a higher success rate due to technical reasons. You can visit APK Root for Android on your mobile and download the file on your device. You can download KingoRoot.apk on your PC, transfer it to your Android device and then find the file via File Explorer and install it from APK section. Step 2: Install KingoRoot.apk on your device. Step 3: Launch “Kingo ROOT” app and start rooting. Step 4: Waiting for a few seconds till the result screen appear. The download will be automatically started. If Chrome has warned you about KingoRoot.apk, click “OK” to proceed.. If you are using PC to view this tutorial, you have three choices.. How to root any android device and version with KingoRoot?. If you didn’t check “Unknown Sources” in Settings > Security, then during installation, you will get a prompt “Install blocked”, stating that “For security, your phone is set to block installation of apps obtained from unknown sources”.. Just follow phone instructions and install Kingo Root on your device and allow installs from “Unknown Sources”.. Kingo Root is very user-friendly and easy to use. Click “One Click Root” to start the rooting process.. It is highly recommended that you try several times when rooting with KingoRoot apk version. We have several rooting methods integrated in apk root, however, it will only run one at a time. So you have to try it more if you failed for first two three time.. MORE TO SAY If KingoRoot APK failed to root your device after several trials, please refer to KingoRoot Android (PC Version), which has a much higher success rate due to technical reasons.. How to Check Repair & Unlock Xolo A550s IPS IMEI. How to Enable USB Debugging on. Steps to turn on USB debugging on Android 2.3.x and earlier versions. Steps to enable USB debugging on Android 3.0.x to 4.1.x. Steps to enable USB debugging on Android 4.2.x and later versions. When your Android phone can not successfully connect to your computer, you should first make sure that the USB debugging in your cellphone is enabled. Moreover, the steps to enable USB debugging on Android phone. vary from version to version, which is further illustrated below.. Tip : The Android version in mobile phones can be checked in Settings/About phone.. Step 1 : Open Settings .. Step 2 : Access Applications .. Step 3 : Enter Development .. Step 4 : Choose USB debugging and tap OK .. Example: Steps to enable USB debugging on Samsung Note 2 are as follows.. Step 1 : Enter Settings in the Apps.. Step 2 : Select Developer options in the Settings interface.. Step 3 : Choose USB debugging by checking the box behind it, as shown in the following photo.. Step 1 : Access Settings .. Step 2 : Click About phone .. Step 3 : Continuously tap Build number for many times until the system informs you that you’ve entered the developer mode, or tells you that you are now a developer.. Step 4 : Return to Settings .. Step 5 : Open Developer options .. Step 6 : Select USB debugging .. Step 7 : Tap OK or Yes to allow USB debugging.. Tip : For Android versions higher than Android 4.2.x, at the last step, the following dialog box will pop up. In this case, choose Always allow from this computer and click OK .. With the help of the above guidance, have you successfully enabled the USB debugging on your Android phone?. Press Power button and Home button together for a few seconds. Press Power button and Volume Down button together for a few seconds. Press Power button and Back button together for a few seconds. Press Home button and Back button together for a few seconds.. For Samsung Galaxy mobile phones and tablets:. You’ll need to press the buttons at the exact same time. If you press the buttons correctly, you’ll hear camera shutter sound and the screen will flash for a moment.. Now the screenshot has been saved in Gallery folder. You’ll also see a notification in the Status bar at the top.. How to Remove bloatware or pre-installed apps on. What is bloatware? And what about it?. How to remove bloatware on Android devices?. You need to root your Android. Step 2: [IMPORTANT] Make BACKUP of your device. Step 3: Install an app from Google Play Store. In the end, BE CAUTIOUS and have fun.. I believe that most Android users have been subjected to this “attracting” problem for quite some time. Nearly all Android phones come with useless software pre-installed by manufacturers or carriers. Even Nexus devices are preloaded with many Google-created apps. According to recently leaked confidential documents, “Google has been adding requirements for dozens of manufacturers like Samsung Electronics, Huawei Technologies and HTC that want to build devices powered by Android. Among the new requirements for many partners: increasing the number of Google apps that must be pre-installed on the device to as many as 20, placing more Google apps on the home screen or in a prominent icon folder and making Google Search more prominent”. If this proved to be true, removing bloatware could be the most wanted things of Android users.. What is bloatware? In another words, pre-installed apps that are useless most of the time. There are also other downfall of bloatware. It consumes system resources, taking up storage space and RAM, running in the background without you knowing and draining up your battery.. How to remove bloatware? Unfortunately, your carriers and manufacturers do not make it any easier. Normally, bloatware is hidden in system folder, which you have no permission to access.. How to root your Android with Kingo Android Root?. In order to remove bloatware, you need to gain root privilege, i.e. Most carriers and manufactures strictly forbid users from gaining these privileges and rooting will immediately void warranty claim. Normally, rooted device should have SuperSU installed.. Titanium Backup is the most recommended app to back up your device before you start deleting system apps, which is risky and could cause serious trouble if you make a wrong move. Enter keywords like “remove system app” or “System app remover”, you should get a lot of results. For example, “system app remover” developed by JUMOBILE.. You need to grant the Superuser request at the first time you launch this app. And again, you will need to root your phone first.. Reasons why you might need to hard reset Reasons why you might need to hard reset. Reasons why you might need to hard reset Xolo A550s IPS?. Xolo A550s IPS runs too slowly. Reset and disable forgotten screen lock password or pattern. Might resolve hang-ups & freezing problems. Wipes personal data phone before you sell your phone or after you buy one. Regain default functionality of your Xolo A550s IPS. in Xolo A550s IPS Will help to:. When do i need to use factory reset When do i need to use factory reset. When do i need to use factory reset on Xolo A550s IPS?. when your device is malfunctioning (also with viruses hard to remove),. when you wish to clear the configuration and the settings of Xolo A550s IPS to the default setting,. when you need more memory space on your device,. when you plan to sell your Xolo A550s IPS and you wish to clear all your personal data,. when you just want to start using your device from scratch.. Factory reset on Xolo A550s IPS could be used in several cases:. How will factory reset affect the software How will factory reset affect the software. How will factory reset affect the software on Xolo A550s IPS?. Factory reset will not technically put Xolo A550s IPS‘s software version back to the original one. The software and the operating system on Xolo A550s IPS will not be affected by hard reset in a direct way.. How to permanently delete data How to permanently delete data. How to permanently delete data from Xolo A550s IPS?. That way after having done the hard reset operation it will be extremely difficult for the third party to recover the data (as they will have to provide a specific key). Encrypting the data on Xolo A550s IPS could be done in a few steps: go to Settings, then Security, choose Encrypt Device and Set Screen Lock type. Make sure that your device is fully charged or is currently charging as this process on Xolo A550s IPS could take a long time {even up to one hour). In the next step move to factory reset on Xolo A550s IPS. You will find different methods to perform this operation on this particular website. The last step is to load some fake data and again factory reset Xolo A550s IPS. This is not necessary as having performed the two steps which as mentioned above should be enough to be sure that no one will recover your deleted data. Doing this step may give you a peace of mind that you personal data is buried under the fake data and is extremely hard to reach. You can performed this step as many times as you wish.. What should I do before performing a hard reset What should I do before performing a hard reset. What should I do before performing a hard reset on Xolo A550s IPS?. First of all, back up all the files you wish not to lose (do it using your computer or a SD card). Backing up applications on Xolo A550s IPS is not advisable as they might be the reason your device is malfunctioning. After the hard reset, install them one by one monitoring the reactions of your Xolo A550s IPS. After having saved all personal data, delete them in order to prevent the accidental formatting while performing the hard reset operation.. I have forgotten the screen lock code I have forgotten the screen lock code. I have forgotten the screen lock code for Xolo A550s IPS. The system should alert you after having typed it wrong password five times. Wait for about 30 seconds and try typing it again. In the left corner of the unlock interface there should be “Forgotten the password”. Now input your Google Account password and the Xolo A550s IPS should be unlocked.. First option – If you have a Google Account, you remember the password to it and you have the Internet connection. You can perform the following steps:. Second option – Xolo A550s IPS without Google Account. However, be aware that you may lose all data on your Xolo A550s IPS. I have forgotten a PIN code I have forgotten a PIN code. I have forgotten a PIN code for Xolo A550s IPS. Important thing to remember – do not enter the PIN code more than twice if you are unsure of its combination (it will result in blocking the Xolo A550s IPS by the SIM. Using hard reset operation here will not help. The only thing you can do is contact the customer service of you provider and ask for PUK code to unblock your Xolo A550s IPS.. What gets deleted What gets deleted. What gets deleted from Xolo A550s IPS during a hard reset?. Hard reset on Xolo A550s IPS will delete all user data and customer settings (anything that was not originally there). After this operation your device will be the same as if it came right from the store.. Is It Safe to Format Factory Reset Is It Safe to Format Factory Reset. Is It Safe to Format Factory Reset Xolo A550s IPS?. Using one of the hard reset methods on Xolo A550s IPS is safe and should not affect the device in any other way than it is supposed to (clearing all data and reinstalling the default setting).. How will factory reset affect the voicemail messages How will factory reset affect the voicemail messages. How will factory reset affect the voicemail messages on my Xolo A550s IPS?. Usually voicemails are stored by your network provider and not your Xolo A550s IPS internal storage. That is why they should not be affacted in any way while performing a factory data reset.. I have forgotten the security password. What should I do? I have forgotten the security password. I have forgotten the security password for my Xolo A550s IPS. Just make Hard Reset Xolo A550s IPS or try uploading a new firmware on your Xolo A550s IPS. That way you will restore the default password but also lose all data on your device.. I have performed a Factory Data Reset. Do I need to update the system again? I have performed a Factory Data Reset. Do I need to update the system again?. I have performed a Factory Data Reset on Xolo A550s IPS. Do I need to update the system again?. Software on your Xolo A550s IPS will not be affected by hard reset and will remain the same as before.. How to make our device run faster and more responsive? How to make our device run faster and more responsive?. How to make Xolo A550s IPS run faster and more responsive?. Perform hard reset on Xolo A550s IPS. However, this may only be a temporary solution as when you start using your device again you may stumble upon the same problems. Try updating Xolo A550s IPS firmware. By doing that regularly you will make sure that Xolo A550s IPS performance is as good as possible. Always monitor the internal memory space – too little of it may cause serious problems with Xolo A550s IPS performance. Make sure that all your files such as photos and videos are on external memory (like SD memory card). Search for some application on Google Play Store which may be useful to upgrade your Xolo A550s IPS performance. (for example an antivirus app, startup manager, app cache cleaner). Applications which you do not used should be uninstalled. Try restarting the Xolo A550s IPS.. Will factory reset unroot Will factory reset unroot. Will factory reset unroot my Xolo A550s IPS?. Factory data reset will not unroot Xolo A550s IPS nor remove any custom ROM or software changes. If you wish to remove your customed operating system, you can do it by installing another custom operating system (which may include the original one).. How will factory reset affect the apps How will factory reset affect the apps. How will factory reset affect the apps on my Xolo A550s IPS?. The applications which were originally installed on your Xolo A550s IPS will remain there with default settings after performing a hard reset operation. Others, which were purchased or installed will be erased from device. What are the Developer Options What are the Developer Options. What are the Developer Options in Xolo A550s IPS.. This is a secret set of options. Usually, it is use by developers to test software and apps they wrote for Andorid devices. You also may find here helpful and useful options such as:. Is it possible to recover data in our device after factory reset? Is it possible to recover data in our device after factory reset?. Is it possible to recover data in Xolo A550s IPS after factory reset?. The simplest way is by using Android Data Recovery tool. That why, after having your data deleted or resetted to factory setting, you may still be able to recover thing like photos, videos, messages, contacts, call history etc.. How will factory reset affect the SD card How will factory reset affect the SD card. How will factory reset affect the SD card in Xolo A550s IPS?. Performing a hard reset on Xolo A550s IPS will not erase the data on your external memory card. On some devices there may be an option to format the SD card. This option is usually not selected by default but keep that in mind when resetting your device and make sure you don’t select it.. How does a factory reset exactly work How does a factory reset exactly work. How does a factory reset exactly work in Xolo A550s IPS?. Factory data reset on Xolo A550s IPS deletes the addresses of all of your data but does not overwrites it. That way the device does not longer know where exactly the data is stored. There are ways to recover it.. What can I do after rooting What can I do after rooting. What can I do after rooting Xolo A550s IPS?. After rooting Xolo A550s IPS you can overclock the processor which will speed up your device (but may eat a lot of battery juice). Installing a custom ROM is also a good idea ( ROM – the unofficial version of Android on your device). It may solve a lot of problems but is a very dangerous and not recommended operation.. You can also delete unwanted applications on your Xolo A550s IPS. Use a backup app in order to back up applications in case you needed to restore it in the future. Remember not to delete any system applications!. How will factory reset affect my points and levels in games installed How will factory reset affect my points and levels in games installed. How will factory reset affect my points and levels in games installed on Xolo A550s IPS?. If the application or game is installed on Xolo A550s IPS internal storage, it will get deleted after performing a hard reset operation. If this concerns you, you can always find out if it is possible to back up this particular game and if so, how to do it and how to restore the information later.. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Powered by WordPress | Designed by TieLabs. © Copyright 2018, All Rights Reserved. 
Hot Deals Apps Auto Tech Mobiles Internet Laptops Compare How-To Opinions Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Subscribe Advertise. Menu Top10 Reviews News & Launches In Depth MWC 2018 Forum SKOAR Hot Deals Languages:. Click here to catch all the action live. Mobiles Help Me Buy Laptops Auto Tech Internet Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Buy Digit Subscribe Current/ past issue Advertise Devworx Ask Digit. हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी മലയാളം தமிழ் भोजपुरी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ অসমীয়া اردو. Digit Mobile Phones Xolo Xolo A550s IPS. Xolo A550s IPS Brief Description Xolo A550s IPS Specification. Subscribe here to further receive Related Stories, Product Reviews, Launches & Best Deals. Since this device is currently not available for purchase, please leave you email to be informed of it's price & availability in future.. Xolo A550s IPS Price in India 5799 /-. Xolo A550s IPS is a budget dual-SIM (GSM+GSM) Android 4.2 based smartphone. It features a 4 inch display with 480 x 800 pixels resolution. The smartphone has a dual-core MediaTek 1 GHz processor with 512 MB RAM. It has 4 GB inbuilt storage expandable up to 32 GB via micro-SD card support. The smartphone has a 5 MP autofocus rear camera with LED flash and a VGA front camera. Connectivity options included are Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, Micro-USB, GPRS, EDGE and 3G. It has a 1400 mAh battery and is available in white color.. Xolo A550s IPS was launched in August 2014 & runs on Android 4.2 OS. The Smartphone provides a host of connectivity options in terms of 3G, GPS, Wifi capabilities. The phone is available with 4 GB of internal storage.. The Smartphone is powered by 1 Ghz Dual core MediaTek MT6572M Processor. A 512 MB of RAM & Mali 400 graphics processor ensures phone runs smoothly even the most memory intensive applications & still shows no signs of lag. 4 GB of internal storage can be expanded to 32 GB via a microSD card.. The Phone comes with a 1400 mAh battery to support it's 4 inch screen with IPS LCD Capacitive touchscreen display having a resolution of 480 x 800 at 233 ppi. The screen is also protected by a durable Scratch Resistant glass.. Xolo A550s IPS comes with a 5 megapixel rear Camera and 0.3 megapixel front Camera.. Xolo A550s IPS Price In India Starts From Rs. The price of Xolo A550s IPS in India is Rs.5799. This phone is available in 4 GB storage variants.. Moto C Plus (Pearl White, 16.... Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB). Honor 9i (Graphite Black, 64.... Write a Review on Xolo A550s IPS. Xolo unveils Era 4G smartphone priced at Rs 4,777. [Update] The Era 4G will now have Android Marshmallow. The update will be available OTA, alternatively users can look for the update by going.... Xolo launches Era HD smartphone in India, at Rs. Xolo has launched the Era HD smartphone in India. The device is priced at Rs. 4,777, and is available in&nbsp;Rocky Grey finish. XOLO Q500s IPS and Play 6X-1000 smartphones launched. Xolo has launched two new smartphones - Q500s IPS and the Play 6X-1000.&nbsp; Both the smartphones run Android 4.4 Kitkat out of the box and are.... Other Popular Deals In Xolo Mobile Phones Popular. Xolo Era 2X Popular in Mobile Phones. Tenor (10.or E) 3GB 32 GB. Moto C Plus (Pearl White, 16.... Moto E4 Plus (Iron Gray, 32.... Lenovo K8 Plus (Venom Black, 32.... Xolo A550s IPS comparison Compare Xolo A550s IPS vs. Intex Aqua 4.5 Pro Compare Xolo A550s IPS vs. Nokia 2 Compare Xolo A550s IPS vs. Xiaomi Redmi 4A Compare Xolo A550s IPS vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Compare Xolo A550s IPS vs. Xiaomi Redmi 3S Compare Xolo A550s IPS vs. Xiaomi Redmi 5A 32GB Compare Xolo A550s IPS vs. Xiaomi Redmi Y1 Lite Compare Xolo A550s IPS vs. Xiaomi Redmi 4 2GB Compare Xolo A550s IPS vs. Redmi 5A Compare Xolo A550s IPS vs. Moto C Plus (Pearl White, 16.... Moto E4 Plus (Iron Gray, 32.... Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB). Honor 6X (Gold, 32GB) 9999 /- Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB) 10999 /- Lenovo K8 Plus (Venom Black, 32... ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE PRIVACY TERMS SITEMAP HTML. Digit caters to the largest community of tech buyers, users and enthusiasts in India. The all new Digit.in continues the legacy of Thinkdigit.com as one of the largest portals in India committed to technology users and buyers. Digit is also one of the most trusted names when it comes to technology reviews and buying advice and is home to the Digit Test Lab, India's most proficient center for testing and reviewing technology products.. We are about leadership – the 9.9 kind! Building a leading media company out of India. And, grooming new leaders for this promising industry.. Copyright © 2007-14 Nine Dot Nine Mediaworx Pvt. 
Home › Xolo › A550s IPS Xolo A550s IPS - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including Xolo A550s IPS List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include Xolo A550s IPS Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Write a review. Dimensions : 63.9 x 125 x 9.1 mm SoC : MediaTek MT6572M CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1000 MHz, Cores : 2 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP1, 400 MHz, Cores : 1 RAM : 512 MB, 266 MHz Storage : 4 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 4 in, IPS, 480 x 800 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 1400 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Mini-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 3.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand Xolo Model A550s IPS Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 63.9 mm (millimeters) 6.39 cm (centimeters) 0.21 ft (feet) 2.52 in (inches) Height 125 mm (millimeters) 12.5 cm (centimeters) 0.41 ft (feet) 4.92 in (inches) Thickness 9.1 mm (millimeters) 0.91 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.36 in (inches) Volume 72.69 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 4.41 in³ (cubic inches) Colors White SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Mini-SIM (2FF - second form factor, since late 1990s, 25.00 x 15.00 x 0.76 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz W-CDMA W-CDMA 2100 MHz Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ (HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s , HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6572M Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A7 CPU bits 32 bit Instruction set ARMv7 Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 256 KB (kilobytes) 0.25 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 2 CPU frequency 1000 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-400 MP1 GPU cores 1 GPU frequency 400 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 512 MB (megabytes) RAM type LPDDR2 RAM frequency 266 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 4 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 4 in (inches) 101.6 mm (millimeters) 10.16 cm (centimeters) Width 2.06 in (inches) 52.27 mm (millimeters) 5.23 cm (centimeters) Height 3.43 in (inches) 87.12 mm (millimeters) 8.71 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.667:1 5:3 Resolution 480 x 800 pixels Pixel density 233 ppi (pixels per inch) 91 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 57.2 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 2592 x 1944 pixels 5.04 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection Scene mode Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Image resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 640 x 480 pixels 0.31 MP (megapixels) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 3.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AAC+ / aacPlus / HE-AAC v1 AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MPEG-4 Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 1400 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 21 h (hours) 1260 min (minutes) 0.9 days 2G stand-by time 630 h (hours) 37800 min (minutes) 26.3 days 3G talk time 8 h (hours) 480 min (minutes) 0.3 days 3G stand-by time 570 h (hours) 34200 min (minutes) 23.8 days Features Removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. W-CDMA (Wideband Code Division Multiple Access) is an air interface used by 3G mobile networks. It is one of the three different UMTS interfaces together with the TD-SCDMA and the TD-CDMA. The standard provides faster data transfer speeds and allows more users to connect to the network simultaneously.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 63.9 x 125 x 9.1 mm SoC : MediaTek MT6572M CPU : ARM Cortex-A7, 1000 MHz, Cores : 2 GPU : ARM Mali-400 MP1, 400 MHz RAM : 512 MB, 266 MHz Storage : 4 GB Display : 4 in, IPS, 480 x 800 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 1400 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean Camera : 2592 x 1944 pixels, 1280 x 720 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Era 3X 7,499. Era 2V 6,499. Era 3 4,999. Era 1X Pro 5,777. Era 2X (3GB) 6,777. © Copyright 2016 XOLO, All Rights Reserved.. 
SAGMart Home Category Mobiles Xolo Xolo A550s IPS. Xolo A550s IPS is a Dual SIM device which runs on Android jelly Bean operating system. A dual-core processor boosts the performance with 512MB RAM to give a smooth experience. The smartphone support 3G connectivity that provides fast browsing speed. The front and rear snapper are wonderfully crafted on this gadget.. 1.0 GHz Dual-core 1.0 GHz Dual-core. 4.0 inches, 480 x 800 pixels. WVGA IPS capacitive touchscreen, 256K colors. 4.0 inches, 480 x 800 pixels. Yes, microSD, up to 32 GB. LED flash, Geo-tagging, Face/smile detection, Panorama, HDR. 125 x 63.9 x 9.1 mm. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Upto 600 hrs (2G) / Upto 570 hrs (3G). Upto 21 hrs (2G) / Upto 8 hrs 30 min (3G). SAGMart Reviews on Xolo A550s IPS. Light in weight Easy controls Android 4.2 Improved optics Dual SIM Support 3G Wi-Fi GPS Cord is too short Flimsy Poor design 1400 mAh Battery 630 hrs of Maximum Standby Time on 2G 570 hrs of Maximum Standby Time on 3G 21 hrs of Maximum Talk Time on 2G 8 hrs of Maximum talk Time on 3G Auto-focus LED Flash Scene detection & tuning Face Recognition Panorama Geo tagging Smile shot HDR Capacitive screen 2-point multi-touch built-in digital FM radio Email Proximity sensor. Pros: Xolo A550s IPS is a handset having 4.00-inch 480×800p display. It consists of 1GHz processor with 512MB RAM. The benefits of this phone have been brought up with following points:. Cons: It is a great challenge that Xolo A550s IPS possesses any kind of drawback but still it encounters certain drawbacks. These drawbacks are studied and enumerated in the following manner:. Battery (8.5/10): The battery back-up offered by this phone is excellent. The features of this phone related to battery are stated under following heads:. Camera (7/10): Xolo A550s IPS has 5 megapixel rear camera and 0.3 megapixel front camera. The front camera is meant for the purpose of video calling. The features of this phone related to camera are pointed out in the following manner:. Special feature paves the way of superior handset. Xolo A550s IPS has a special feature of Dual SIM. The other special features of this phone are pointed out in the following way:. Average Rating (7/10): The size of Xolo A550s IPS is 125×63.9×9.1mm of dimensions. Its display supports game playing and watching movies. It has smooth and seamless performance and delivers 4GB of inbuilt storage and thus is further expandable via microSD card (up to 32GB). SAGMart has given it 7 stars out of 10 stars.. Market Value (6/10): It was announced in the market of Indian smartphone during July 2014. It is a low cost Android phone and is available in the market of Indian smartphone in two colours i.e. It offers good value for money.. Verdict (6/10): Xolo A550s IPS consists of sharp viewing angles and a good processor. It is unable to run too many applications at a time due to low RAM. Its display is bright and is a decent device having remarkable features and specifications available at low price.. Find Dealer, Service-Center, Store for XOLO. OnePlus 5t Star Wars Limited Edition. The price, images, video and specifications we have provided, are from our best market analysis and search results. It may vary according to the change in price and discount offers provided by the Company.. We are providing the information best of our knowledge and we are not liable for the accuracy of the points mentioned above.. Sign up to get exclusive offers from your favorite brands and to be well up in the news.. 
Are you human, bot or alien?. 
Sign-up for FREE weekly Newsletter.. Xolo A550s IPS Flash File (Stock ROM) zip. Home Â» XOLO Â» Xolo A550s IPS Flash File (Stock ROM) zip. Stock Firmware Stock Rom. Update Stock Firmware :: Download SP Flash Tool. instruction in the tutorial the given Link Below. STOK ROM FOR Xolo A550s IPS ::Â. Flash File ( Stock ROM ) zip Download. :: Xolo A550s IPS Stock ROM Â. You Have to Download the Zip. SteP By Step Tutorial SP-Flesh Tool. Flash File / ( Stock ROM ) ForÂ. S P Flash Tool How to Flash By SuperGeekForumÂ. Update Stock Firmware :: Download SP Flash Tool. Just Download Xolo A550s IPS Â. instruction in the tutorial the given Link Below. SuperGeek is not responsible for any kind of damage to you or your phone etc. If anything happens to your device we wonât responsible for that damage. backup the data , because rooting this process is going to clear all data from your device.. SuperGeekForum Added The direct link :: Zip :: Xolo A550s IPS Stock Firmware (Sp flash Rom) Direct Link to :: GoogleDrive. Firmware contains Flash Tool, Driver and instructions.. Their are many reasons for you wants to update your firmware stock rom like you have bricked your phone one of the best and most common reason to flash stock rom .. Requirements: Your phone must have atleast 50-80% of batteryÂ. charged and usb driver for your phone you can serch in google for that. on your system and extract theÂ. SteP By Step Tutorial SP-Flesh Tool. ← Previous Next →. How to Hard Reset and Soft Reset Xolo A550s Ips Xolo A500 Flash File (Stock ROM) zip Xolo A510S Flash File (Stock ROM) zip Xolo X1000 Flash File (Stock ROM) zip Xolo Q700 Flash File (Stock ROM) zip Xolo A500L Flash File (Stock ROM) zip Xolo A500s IPS Flash File (Stock ROM) zip Xolo Q1000 Flash File (Stock ROM) zip Xolo A500S Flash File (Stock ROM) zip Xolo Q1011 Flash File (Stock ROM) zip. Stock Firmware Stock Rom. How to Hard Reset and Soft Reset Archos 70c Xenon. Celkon Q40 Flash File (Stock ROM) zip. How to Hard Reset and Soft Reset Hisense Infinity Faith F31. How to Hard Reset and Soft Reset Swipe Mtv Slash. Samsung GT-I8190 Flash File (Stock ROM) zip. Bassoon P8800 Flash File (Stock ROM) zip. Tata Docomo Prepaid Madhya Pradesh & Chattisgarh Mobile Recharge Tariff Plans Packs. ZDR W3 Dream Flash File (Stock ROM) zip. SuperGeekForum is provided for information purposes only. 
Home / Xolo / Xolo A550s IPS. SP Flash Tool ( Latest version MTK Flash Tool v. First of all, make sure that you have MediaTek DA USB VCOM drivers installed. First of all open SP Flash Tool , then click Scatter-loading button to load the correct scatter file. file and choose the “Scatter File” which is named as”MT65xx. Please wait while file is loaded in Flash tool or any other Box. Or Select “Firmware Upgrade” if you want to upgrade software. Switch-off the phone, Remove it’s battery and replace it back. Hit the “Download” or “Firmware Upgrade” button. Plug-in the USB cable to phone to connect it to your PC. The process will be started, and Red, Purple & Yellow progress stripes will be shown. “Ok” Notification will be appeared on a green circle at the end of whole process. Plug it out from USB cable. And you can turn it on. If you what to learn more about Flashing or. Xolo A550s IPS USB or Device Driver:. Flash File | Rom | Firmware:. Xolo A550s IPS Factory File|Rom|Firmware Free. Before Flashing Your Mobile You Need:. You can download device driver with ROM or Firmware. All ROM or FIrmware and Device Driver both are in one package with ROM you are downloading. If Downloaded USB Driver not working Google it the following keyword to Download your Device Driver.. Why you Want to Flash or Install New ROM Why you Want to Flash or Install New ROM. Why you Want to Flash or Install New ROM on Xolo A550s IPS?. Xolo A550s IPS runs too slowly. Unlock or Disable your forgotten screen pattern or pin or password using Hard Reset or Flashing ROM. Fix or resolve Freezing and hanging problem. Fix ‘Unfortunately, Contacts has stopped’. Fix and resolve unexpected Application crashes. Clean your android phone to wipe your personal data. Flashing your Xolo A550s IPS Will help you to:. When We Need Flash or Install Firmware or Rom When We Need Flash or Install Firmware or Rom. When We Need Flash or Install Firmware or Rom on Xolo A550s IPS?. When ever your android device is infected or malfunctioning. Xolo A550s IPS phone is infected with Virus. When ever you want Custom Rom on. Fix or resolve Freezing and hanging problem. Fix ‘Unfortunately, Contacts has stopped’. Fix and resolve unexpected Application crashes.. What Affect of Flashing on your Android Device What Affect of Flashing on your Android Device. on your Xolo A550s IPS Device ?. Flashing your ROM or Firmware will remove all of your data on your Xolo A550s IPS device. Your apps, your photos, text messages, videos and your account everything will be remove from your device. If your photos and video etc are in your external SD card then it will not affect all of your photos and video etc.. Is For Custom Rom we Need to Flash ROM Is For Custom Rom we Need to Flash ROM. We Need to Flash ROM Xolo A550s IPS?. Yes for installing custom ROM you will need to flash ROM or firmware. We have a lot of custom roms. The two famous Custom rom are CyanogenMod Rom and TWRP.. What should I Need Before Flash New ROM What should I Need Before Flash New ROM. What should I Need Before Flash New ROM on Xolo A550s IPS?. You need to make backup your. Xolo A550s IPS phone before performing Flashing a new ROM that all your app and personal data you want not to lose. Xolo A550s IPS app is not advisable b/c it may cause problem with your. Xolo A550s IPS phone Later you install it on your phone. Also all your app is available on Play store you can easily install on your android phone. Some app infect and will cause again problem to your phone so no need to backup your android app. Can We Install Custom ROM without Rooting the Android device Can We Install Custom ROM without Rooting the Android device. Custom ROM without Rooting the Xolo A550s IPS device?. Yes you can install custom ROM without any root access to your Xolo A550s IPS phone. Just download Device specific Tool (like SP Flash Tool for MTK Phone and Odin for Samsung devices ) and Custom ROM from Flashardreset.com. cyanogenmod .org or Flashroms.com and flash your custom ROM. What Should be Delete from Phone When I Tried Flashing ROM What Should be Delete from Phone When I Tried Flashing ROM. Xolo A550s IPS Phone When I Tried. every things will be delete that you have install or you have created. Like the app you have install on. Xolo A550s IPS phone and the contact or text messages or any history on you. Xolo A550s IPS will be delete. Xolo A550s IPS will same as your original phone you have buy new from the shop after flashing stock ROM. Also your all social accounts like gmail and Facebook etc will also remove from your android phone.. What Affect the Voicemail Message on your Phone If I Install Firmware. What Affect the Voicemail Message on your Phone If I Install Firmware.. Affect Voicemail Messages on my Xolo A550s IPS?. It will not affect your voicemail which is stored in your network provider and not store in. That’s why it does not affect your voicemail during intalling firmware.. I have Forgotten My Security Password. What i will Do now? I have Forgotten My Security Password. Xolo A550s IPS phone with new Firmware or Rom will remove your security password from your android phone but remember all your data will be lose after flashing your ROM.. Do I Need to Install Firmware If Latest Update Available? Do I Need to Install Firmware If Latest Update Available?. Do I Need to Install Firmware If Latest Update Available for Xolo A550s IPS?. Without installing firmware you can update your android phone. Also you can flash your Xolo A550s IPS phone with latest version.. How to Fast and More Responsive our Android Device? How to Fast and More Responsive our Android Device?. Fast And More Responsive our Android Device?. Most of android devices is now a day infected with virus which slow down your phone then you can install Firmware. It will make your phone fast and more responsive. It may help you if you have any problem or it may also make better your performance. Do not keep your files like photos and video on your internal memory. It may also slow down your. you need to uninstalled those app which is not to used. Xolo A550s IPS phone one time in a day. It will keep your phone fresh.. Will it Remain Root? If I Install Firmware. Xolo A550s IPS phone will no longer remain rooted. If you want to convert your rooted phone to unroot phone you have to flash a new ROM or we have other method to convert your rooted ROM to unroot ROM.. Is Flashing ROM Affect Our Phone Apps? Is Flashing ROM Affect Our Phone Apps?. Affect Our Xolo A550s IPS Phone Apps?. Yes, All apps and your personal data will be remove from your Xolo A550s IPS device. The apps that you have installed or purchased from store will be remove after flashing ROM.. Can We Restore our Deleted Data after Installing ROM? Can We Restore our Deleted Data after Installing ROM?. Can we Restore our Deleted Data in Xolo A550s IPS After Installing ROM?. Yes you can recover your deleted data in. Xolo A550s IPS phone using android data recovery tool. We have many different tools to recovery android data. Some of the are free and some of them are paid application. do not write data on your. Xolo A550s IPS phone before recover your data like photos, Videos, messages, contacts and call history etc.. Is Installing Firmware Affect the SD Card Is Installing Firmware Affect the SD Card. Affect the SD Card in Xolo A550s IPS?. does not affect any of your SD Card or Memory Card. How Flashing Firmware Work How Flashing Firmware Work. deletes all data address which is know by android devices. It does not overwrites data that’s way recover of android device is possible. Anyone can recover android data that is remove during Flashing Firmware.. Can Installing ROM affect my points and levels in games installed Can Installing ROM affect my points and levels in games installed. Affect my Points and Levels in Games Installed on Xolo A550s IPS?. If you have install your apps on your Xolo A550s IPS. phone internal storage then it will delete all your points and level after Installing ROM. If you have installed your app on SD card or external memory then it will not affect your points and levels after Installing ROM.. Is My Facebook account or gmail or google account will stay there after Installing ROM Is My Facebook account or gmail or google account will stay there after Installing ROM. Is My Facebook Account or Gmail or Google Account will Stay there After Installing ROM Xolo A550s IPS?. No, Your all accounts will be remove from your. Xolo A550s IPS phone after Installing ROM.. USB or Device Driver: Search These Keywords:. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Powered by Javed Sakhakot | Designed by Pak Solution Hub. © Copyright 2018, All Rights Reserved. 
At the very beginning hold down the. Power button in order to switch off the device. Then press and hold together the Volume Up. Release held keys as soon as the Recovery Mode appears on the screen. to select " wipe data/factory reset " and tap the. Choose " yes " from the menu, and accept it with. As soon as the Recovery Mode appears again on the screen accept option " reboot system now " using. Success! You have just performed a hard reset operation. Hard Reset KARBONN SMART A60 - Erase all data by Factory Reset. If this was useful, please share to help others and follow us on. WARNING ! Hard Reset will erase all of your data All described operations you are doing at your own risk.. How to reset SAMSUNG Galaxy S9+?. Read about resetting SAMSUNG Galaxy S9+. How to reset SAMSUNG Galaxy S9?. Read about resetting SAMSUNG Galaxy S9. How to reset MOTOROLA Moto X4?. Read about resetting MOTOROLA Moto X4. 
You don't have permission to access /android7/xolo-a550s-ips/. error was encountered while trying to use an ErrorDocument to handle the request.. 
IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 256K colors. XOLO Confirms Android 4.4 KitKat Update For A600, A500 Club, A550S IPS, Q900S And Q1200 Smartphones. XOLO has announced that it would release Android 4.4 KitKat update for Xolo Q1200, Q900S, A500 Club, A600 And A550S IPS smartphones soon. Although, XOLO hasn’t mentioned any timeframe yet. The Android 4.4 KitKat update will bring a range of features, enhanced camera image quality, enhanced security and .... XOLO A550S IPS Full Video Review. XOLO A500S review, unboxing, performance, gaming and Benchmark. Xolo A550s IPS Online Review - The Mobile Info. XOLO A550S IPS Full Video Review. XOLO A550S IPS Specifications, XOLO Mobile cell phone Review at http://www.mobilereview101.com/xolo. XOLO A500S review, unboxing, performance, gaming and Benchmark. Xolo A500S comes powered by 4 inch with 800x480 resolution. It is powered by 1.3GHz dual core processor with mali 400 GPU. It is priced at approx Rs. For full review visit http://www.gogi.in/xolo-a500s-review.html. (c) 2013, www.gogi.in, All Rights Reserved. Xolo A550s IPS Online Review - The Mobile Info. If you are planning to buy Xolo A550s IPS smartphone, then must this video. you all are going to love it.. Must share you views about new Xolo A550s IPS smartphone, let other know via your comments below and don't forget to hit on the subscribe button.. Xolo A550s IPS video reviews. Xolo A550s IPS YouTube video reviews. Xolo A550s IPS YouTube reviews. Xolo A550s IPS camera review. Xolo A550s IPS earbud review. Xolo A550s IPS earbuds review. Xolo A550s IPS gizmodo review. Xolo A550s IPS gsmarena review. Xolo A550s IPS mobile review. Xolo A550s IPS review gsm. Xolo A550s IPS review phonearena. Xolo A550s IPS review pocketnow. Xolo A550s IPS review technobuffalo. Xolo A550s IPS review techradar. Xolo A550s IPS review telegraph. Xolo A550s IPS review the verge. Xolo A550s IPS review youtube. Xolo A550s IPS reviews youtube. Xolo A550s IPS trusted reviews. "Analog Index" © 2014 - 2015. 
Hard reset solution still not working on your Android device? Check out this article. how to reset your device using ADB - android debug bridge - ultimate solution!. Important information about FRP Factory reset Protection. XOLO A550S IPS hard reset Turn off the phone completely. Press and hold both Volume UP. + power (+BACK touch key) buttons until the phone turns on. When on the screen "No command" will show up press HOME or again the Volume UP and POWER to display the recovery menu When Android Recovery menu screen appears release all keys. Navigate and highlight "wipe data / factory reset" using the Volume down key and press power. Navigate and highlight again to Yes -- delete all user data and press power. All data will be lost! Before doing a hard reset backup all important data. After hard reset is done select Reboot system now. Press power to reboot the phone. Reset & Restore Your account System and app data and settings Downloaded apps Music Photos Other user data If the phone has a virtual SD card - not a physical memory card - be sure to switch it to on if you want to delete the data there. Also check the memory card option if you want to delete the memory card content. XOLO A550S IPS soft reset / restart. Entering Recovery menu on XOLO A550S IPS Using the hardware keys to remove password, PIN or reset the unlock pattern / gesture lock.. Go to Settings > Reset and restore > Restore Factory settings : Reset settings to the factory default values and delete all data.. This will erase all the data on your phone's internal storage , including:. On older systems you will find the menu settings very similar. Use XOLO A550S IPS Backup and reset function Go to Settings > Backup and reset > Factory data reset : Reset settings to the factory default values and delete all data. Your device freezes or has fatal errors If your device freezes or hangs, you may need to close applications or reinsert the battery and turn on the device to regain functionality. If your device is frozen and unresponsive, press and hold the Power button for more than 8-10 seconds to reboot. If this does not solve the problem, perform a factory data reset. On the Applications screen, tap Settings -> Backup and reset. Before performing the factory data reset, remember to make back-up copies of all important data stored on the device.. Press and hold for 8-10 seconds to reset the device if it has fatal errors or hang-ups, or freezes. This will restart your XOLO A550S IPS Android device.. NOTE! This site uses cookies and similar technologies.. If you not change browser settings, you agree to it. 
All Mobiles Computers TV Appliances Care Best Products Upcoming Mobiles News Deals Cashback. Mobile Phones / Xolo / Xolo A550S IPS Price in India. Updated On: 26th February 2018. 3.8 40 Ratings 0 Questions & Answers. Xolo A550S IPS is a dual-SIM device that runs Android 4.2 Jelly Bean. The device has a 4-inch IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen with a pixel density of 233 PPI. It comes with a 5 MP rear camera with LED flash and a VGA front camera. The phone is powered by a 1 GHz dual-core Mediatek processor. It has 512 MB RAM and 4 GB internal storage which can be expanded up to 32 GB via microSD card. Connectivity options include 3G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 3.0 and microUSB 2.0. The device is powered by a Li-Ion 1400 mAh battery .. Best Price: ₹ 3,999. Key Specifications 512MB RAM 4GB internal storage 1400 mAh battery 5 M.Pixels rear & 0.3 M.Pixels selfie 4.0 inch screen Dual SIM (Mini SIM) Android OS, v4.2 (Jelly Bean). Earn ₹30 cashback on this product. (Not applicable for purchases in Amazon) i Sign up. Xolo A550S IPS Price in India. Xolo A550S IPS Price starts at Rs. The lowest price of Xolo A550S IPS is at Ebay. A550S IPS is not available in other online stores.. Priced at Rs 5,799 Xolo has unveiled its latest A-series smartphone in form of A550S IPS. The dual-SIM smartphone is available in only White colour.. The device features a 4-inch IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen with WVGA (800 x 480 pixels) screen resolution which reflects an effective pixel density of 233 PPI. Running Android 4.2 Jelly Bean, the smartphone is powered by a 1 GHz dual-core Mediatek processor. In addition the device also has Accelerometer and Proximity sensor.. In terms of memory, Xolo A550S IPS hosts 512 MB RAM paired with an internal storage capacity of 4 GB which can further expanded up to 32 GB via microSD card. The device comes with a 5-megapixel rear camera which captures quality images thanks to the LED flash and the Ambient Light Sensor. The rear camera also has the capacity to record high definition videos. The smartphone also has a VGA camera which can be used for making video calls. Further, the rear camera has features like Scene detection and tuning, Face recognition, etc.. The smartphone is powered by a Li-Ion 1400 mAh battery which supports talk time up to 21 hours. In the connectivity forum the device sports 3G , GPRS, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 3.0 and microUSB 2.0 port. It also has an FM Radio. In terms of thickness, the smartphone is 9.1 mm thick.. Xolo A550S IPS Specifications Display Resolution 480x800 pixels Display Type IPS LCD Size (in inches) 4.0 Pixel Density 233 pixels per inch (ppi) Touchscreen type Capacitive Color Reproduction 256K Colors Screen to body percentage 57.6 % Software Operating System Android OS, v4.2 (Jelly Bean) Camera Primary 5 M.Pixels Front 0.3 M.Pixels Video Yes Storage Internal 4GB RAM 512MB Expandable MicroSD, 32GB Battery Type Li-Ion Talk time 8 hrs 30 min (3G) Capacity 1400 mAh Standby Time 570 hrs (3G) Connectivity Bluetooth v3.0 Wi-Fi Yes with hotspot 3G Yes USB Micro USB v2.0 2G Yes 4G No SIM Configuration Dual SIM (Mini SIM) GPS Yes NFC Chipset No Infrared No Wired Micro USB v2.0 Processor Architecture Cortex-A7 No of Cores 2 (Dual Core) Frequency 1.0 GHz Make Mediatek MT6572M GPU Mali-400 Sensors Proximity Yes Accelerometer Yes Gyroscope No Ambient Light No Sound Loudspeaker Yes Headphones Yes. Please ask the question in above box. User Reviews of Xolo A550S IPS. 35 Ratings 0 Reviews. 5 17. 4 7. 3 5. 2 2. 1 4. Rate & review this product and help other customers. Xolo mobile price list in India. Panasonic P100 price in India (Rs. Nokia 2 price in India (Rs. Mobile Phones in Price Range Similar to Price of Xolo A550S IPS. Micromax Canvas 5 Lite Special Edition. Xolo A550S IPS Price in India. All prices in the above table are in Indian Rupees. Cashback will not be credited for purchases in Amazon. The latest price of Xolo A550S IPS was obtained on 26th February 2018 16:18:47 The Xolo A550S IPS is available in Ebay The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. Please check instructions at the specific stores for any deviation. Buy Xolo A550S IPS online in India for the lowest price. You can also avail the options of Cash on Delivery (COD) and EMI on purchase of this product. Xolo A550S IPS is available in White colours across various online stores in India.. Xolo A550S IPS Price in India is Rs. 3,999 as on 26th February 2018 16:18:47. Earn extra cashback on every purchase. Visit BonusApp → Shop → Get cashback. Nokia 8110 4G Nokia 8 Sirocco Micromax X507 Micromax Canvas Music M1. Tecno Camon I Air Micromax X726 Karbonn A9 Indian 4G Videocon V502430. Upcoming Mobiles Gadget News & Reviews Compare Mobiles Big Billion Day 2017. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Blog. © 2017 MySmartPrice Web Technology Private Limited. Made with ❤ in. 
XOLO A550s IPS Flash ROM Download. my new site please visit flashfiletool.com. XOLO A550s IPS Flash Firmware With Tool Direct Download. Some Common Problems And Their Solutions Of. NOTE- Use data recovery before flash because flashing erase all your personal data like Contacts , Pics , picture web , text, etc , please keep a backup of your phone and charge. My XOLO A550s IPS flash file system corrupted or phone dead problem. How To Solve Camera , Display , touch , keypad etc not working. My XOLO A550s IPS Processing very slow and hang problem Solved. Some application not working showing error in my Phone. Booting windows or mobile phone networks. What is The Solution for phone Restart automatically. XOLO A550s IPS Sim Card Not Working Issue. Unofficial support site for this Phone By Welcome Zone Haldwani. One Solution For All the Problems. TOOLS AND ORIGINAL FLASH FILES LINK GIVEN BELOW. How To Repair IMEI Click Here See instructions. FOR OPEN THE WINRAR FILE =>. if you need to other model firmware please. Mobile phone companies does not gives download option to the user directly so we are here to give you this option. (All the data is hosted by welcome zone haldwani only). use this at your own risk. Factory Original Firmware [Flash File]. All Mtk Android Imei Repair Tools. How To repair IMEI in RDA Chipset. How to flash rda compleate user guide. All mobile flash and flashing tool free. How to use rockchip flash tool. Broadcom usb Drivers And User Guide. How to use qualcomm imei tool. Flash File And Tool Download Now. FRP Lock Google verification Bypass Tool Software Download. Software Tool For Unlock FRP Free Download. Hey Friends , Today i will give you a special type of software by which you can easi.... Samsung Remote FRP Unlocker Tool Download. Samsung Remote FRP Unlocker Tool For All Samsung Models Samsung Remote FRP Unlocker Tool is best For SAMSUNG DEVICES to do all GOOGLE and.... Oppo A57 cph1701 Firmware Flash Rom Direct Download. Oppo A57 cph1701 Firmware Flash File. Download Here we have uploaded the working flash file that is Oppo A57 cph1701 .... RDA IMEI Repair Tool with USB Driver free Download. Best Tool For Repair RDA Chipset IMEI , MBSN , PSN , and LCD This is the best platform for downloading the latest version of RDA IMEI Re.... Qualcomm Sw Upgrade tool full setup download. Download the best qualcomm flashing tool from here. this is the highest working and tested tool with Qualcomm smartphone Brief Descr.... flash tool latest version with USB drivers eMMC DL Tool is a small flashing software that allows you to Flash or inst.... Lava Iris X1 Atom Flash ROM Download. Lava Iris X1 Atom Flash Firmware With Tool Direct Download Unofficial. site for this Phone By Welcome Zone Haldwani NOT.... Android Flash File, Firmware, Database For Flashing | Powered by Blogger Design by Welcome Zone Haldwani | Blogger Theme by www.mobilesmd.com. 
No.1 Sun S2 smartwatch (Moto 360 look-alike) unboxing, hands-on and review. Get free IDH TOKENS when you register now. 125 x 63.9 x 9.1 mm. IPS capacitive LCD touchscreen with 256,000 colors. 4.0 inches, 480 x 800 pixels, 233 pixels per inch. 1GHz dual-core Cortex-A7 CPU, MediaTek MT6572M Chipset, Mali-400 GPU. GPRS – up to 85.6 kbps; EDGE – up to 236.8 kbps. Up to 21 mbps downlink; Up to 5.76 mbps uplink. 2592 х 1944-pixel pictures, Geo-tagging, face detection, autofocus, panorama, HDR camera with LED flash. Up to 630 hours (2G); Up to 570 hours (3G). Up to 21 hours (2G); Up to 8 hours (3G). SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM. – Preloaded applications – Kingsoft office, YouTube, Gmail, YouTube, Calendar, Google Talk,. Hello kind stranger, thanks for your support by visiting bestmobs.co for the first time. We are so excited to have you! Kindly follow our Facebook page and Twitter handle; bookmark (Ctrl+D) and subscribe to our feeds for more updates.. Did you buy Xolo A550s IPS?. Tell us about your experience, questions and or complaints.. Xiaomi confirms Mi Mix 2S with Snapdragon 845 for March 27. ZTE Blade V9, V9 VITA officially released. Sony officially unveils Xperia XZ2, XZ2 Compact at MWC 2018. Xiaomi Mi 7 live images leaked. Huawei MediaPad M5 with 8.4-inch, 10.8-inch variants unveiled. Nokia 7 Plus images leak, Black and White color variants outed. Top 4 Smartphones Released Last Week. Samsung Galaxy S8: All the rumours, leaks, and specs.. The Meizu MX 6 is official (+ overall specs). Oukitel K6000 Pro Unboxing and Review. Get the latest PHONE GIST delivered to your inbox.. We respect your privacy and will never spam you.. Remember to check you inbox to confirm your subscription. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. XOLO A550s IPS is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. XOLO A550s IPS Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Setup in 2012, XOLO is an Indian brand which primarily deals in mid-range Android smartphones. It is owned by Lava International.. Xolo has over 1200 service centres in India.. Overview User Reviews Specs competitors Q&A. XOLO A550s IPS details Read more. IPS display Good camera Dual-core processor Cost efficient. In case you need a smartphone carrying all the basic features but doesn't ask you to spend a lot, the Lava Xolo A550s IPS is a handy option. It gives sharp viewing angles and a good processor, although the low RAM might limit you from running too many apps at once. Integrated with 3G, this smartphone looks pretty well.. The Lava Xolo A550s IPS poses a 4-inch LCD multi touch display flaunting a resolution of 480 x 854 pixels and a pixel density of 244ppi. As is evident from its name, the screen runs on IPS technology letting enjoy crystal clear viewing even from different angles. It is encased in a body having rectangular form factor and carrying three capacitive buttons below the display.. The smartphone carries a 1GHz dual-core processor functioning alongside a RAM of just 512MB. It runs on Android v4.2 Jelly Bean OS.. In the camera department, the smartphone is equipped with a 5MP shooter along with LED flash at the rear end and supports video calls via the VGA snapper on the front. To account for the storage needs, it poses a typical 4GB internal memory expandable up to 32GB.. Having a look at the connectivity options supported by the A550s IPS, we find all the essential features like 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth v4.0, GPS/AGPS and USB port. It takes fuel from a 1,400mAh Li-ion battery.. XOLO A550s IPS PRICE IN INDIA. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar». First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar» .. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar» .. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. Sorry, we could not find any store with selected criteria.. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. This product is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Android v4.2 (Jelly Bean), upgradable to v4.4 (KitKat). Performance ▾. Group: 3 - 5 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 3 - 5 K. 3 - 5 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 3 - 5 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 3 - 5 K. 3 - 5 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 3 - 5 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 3 - 5 K. 3 - 5 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 3 - 5 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 3 - 5 K. 3 - 5 K Phones All Phones. Available 4 GB + 32 GB Expandable Dual SIM: Mini FM Radio. XOLO A550s IPS is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. Top 10 mobile phones in India. Top 10 Android Mobiles Below 5000. Review talking about - Read all Great camera Reviews. BASED ON 139 RATING(S). 30 Aug 2014 By Rejesh b On flipkart.com. a perfect phone for a normal user. but its soooooooooo slow that it takes a lot of time to open as well as close applications. it also closes applications it self without prior notice.thats the only draw back i see. but its a well suited for me. but onething i like to say about is that dont use too many unwanted softweres that might slow down your system permanently. 20 Mar 2015 By Nitin sharma On flipkart.com. I am using xolo since aug 2013 specifically a500 model- not faced even a single concern.nThe best tip is- Do not save the heavy data in your phone to extend the processer's life, and it will consume lesser battery as well.nnConsider it as a mobile device- remember- it's not a laptop computer.. 3 - 5 K Phones all phones. Android v4.2 (Jelly Bean) SIM Slot(s). Group: 3 - 5 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones in 3 - 5 K. 3 - 5 K Phones All Phones. 4.0 inches (10.16 cm) Screen Resolution. 480 x 850 pixels Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: 3 - 5 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 3 - 5 K. 3 - 5 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 3 - 5 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 3 - 5 K. 3 - 5 K Phones All Phones. Dual core, 1 GHz, Cortex A7. Group: 3 - 5 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 3 - 5 K. 3 - 5 K Phones All Phones. Group: 3 - 5 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 3 - 5 K. 3 - 5 K Phones All Phones. Dual core, 1 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Mediatek MT6572M. Quad core, 1.2 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Spreadtrum SC7731. Octa core, 1.5 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8939 Snapdragon 615. Group: 3 - 5 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 3 - 5 K. 3 - 5 K Phones All Phones. Group: 3 - 5 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 3 - 5 K. 3 - 5 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 3 - 5 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 3 - 5 K. 3 - 5 K Phones All Phones. 2592 x 1944 Pixels Shooting Modes. High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Face detection, Smile detection Video Recording. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 3 - 5 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 3 - 5 K. 3 - 5 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 3 - 5 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 3 - 5 K. 3 - 5 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 3 - 5 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 3 - 5 K. 3 - 5 K Phones All Phones. Up to 8 Hours(3G) / Up to 21 Hours(2G) Standby time. Up to 570 Hours(3G) / Up to 630 Hours(2G). Group: 3 - 5 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 3 - 5 K. 3 - 5 K Phones All Phones. 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. HSDPA 21 Mbit/s ↓, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s ↑. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android XOLO Phablet Dual SIM Camera 2 MP & above Camera 5 MP & above Camera 8 MP & above Camera 12 MP & above. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 4.5 inches vs 4 inches. Higher primary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. Higher battery capacity: 1750 mAH vs 1400 mAH. Dual core 1.0 GHz RAM: 512 MB SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 4 GB 88 people compared together. Higher secondary camera resolution: 1.3 MP vs 0.3 MP. Lower pixel density: 207 ppi vs 244 ppi. I don't want to see this. Dual core 1.3 GHz vs Dual core 1.0 GHz. Lesser thickness: 8.98 mm vs 9.1 mm. Lower pixel density: 233 ppi vs 244 ppi. OS: Android Screen size: 4 inches RAM: 512 MB Primary camera: 5 MP Battery capacity: 1400 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 4 GB 95 people viewed together 385 people compared together. I don't want to see this. Dual core 1.3 GHz vs Dual core 1.0 GHz. Lesser thickness: 8.9 mm vs 9.1 mm. Lower pixel density: 233 ppi vs 244 ppi. OS: Android Screen size: 4 inches RAM: 512 MB Primary camera: 5 MP Battery capacity: 1400 mAH SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 4 GB 61 people viewed together 354 people compared together. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.3 GHz vs Dual core 1.0 GHz. Higher battery capacity: 1750 mAH vs 1400 mAH. Lower pixel density: 233 ppi vs 244 ppi. OS: Android Screen size: 4 inches RAM: 512 MB Primary camera: 5 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 4 GB 282 people compared together. I don't want to see this. Quad core 1.3 GHz vs Dual core 1.0 GHz. Higher battery capacity: 1500 mAH vs 1400 mAH. Lesser thickness: 8.9 mm vs 9.1 mm. OS: Android Screen size: 4 inches RAM: 512 MB Primary camera: 5 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 4 GB 75 people viewed together 275 people compared together. Lower pixel density: 233 ppi vs 244 ppi. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 4.7 inches vs 4 inches. Quad core 1.6 GHz vs Dual core 1.0 GHz. Higher primary camera resolution: 8 MP vs 5 MP. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 257 people compared together. Higher battery capacity: 2000 mAH vs 1400 mAH. Higher pixel density: 312 ppi vs 244 ppi. More internal memory: 8 GB vs 4 GB. More expandable memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 1.6 MP vs 0.3 MP. Lesser RAM: 1 GB vs 512 MB. More thickness: 9.9 mm vs 9.1 mm. Questions and Answers View all FAQs about XOLO A550s IPS. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Be the first one to ask a question? Ask a Question. People who viewed XOLO A550s IPS also viewed. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
DIMENSION: 125 x 63.9 x 9.1 mm. XOLO A550s IPS Android Smartphone was launched in July 2014. It is running on the MediaTek MT6572M processor with Mali-400MP GPU. The phone has 512 MB RAM and 4 GB of internal storage which is expandable using microSD, up to 32 GB.. The XOLO A550s IPS has a 4.0 inches WVGA, 480 x 800 pixels IPS display with a pixel density of 233 ppi. Coming to cameras, it has a 5 MP rear camera and a VGA front camera for selfies. It has a microUSB port for data syncing and charging. There is a accelerometer sensor present on the XOLO A550s IPS. It is a dual SIM smartphone with support for 3G, Wi-Fi, FM Radio, Bluetooth and GPS too.. The XOLO A550s IPS runs on Android OS, v4.2 (Jelly Bean) and all this is powered by a 1400 mAh battery. It measures 125 x 63.9 x 9.1 mm (height x width x thickness).. 125 x 63.9 x 9.1 mm (4.92 x 2.52 x 0.36 in). GSM 900 / 1800 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. SMS, MMS, Push Mail, EMail, IM. Dual-core 1.0 GHz, MediaTek MT6572M [Browse Similar]. Mali-400MP [Browse Similar]. 512 MB [Browse Similar]. 5 MP, 2592х1944 pixels [Browse Similar]. Auto focus, Geo-tagging, Touch Focus, Face And Smile Detection. Yes, VGA [Similar]. HSDPA, 21.1 Mbps; HSUPA, 5.76 Mbps. Up to 630 hours (2G) Up to 570 hours (3G). Up to 21 hours (2G) Up to 8 hours (3G). Nokia 6 gets an Android One edition at MWC 2018, runs Oreo out of the box. Huawei MateBook X Pro comes with a 13.9-inch FullView Touchscreen display and a wonky camera design. Copyright © PhoneBunch | Advertise | Contact Us | Terms of Use. 
The ultimate resource for Mobile phones information. Dual core, 1 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Mediatek MT6572M. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. The XOLO A550s IPS is a phone that runs Android v4.2 (Jelly Bean).. The device has a 4.0 inches screen.. The smartphone has a 5 MP, Auto focus rear camera and a 0.3 MP front camera.. It has 4 GB Internal Storage and 512 MB RAM.. It is powered by a Dual core, 1 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Mediatek MT6572M and Mali-400 MP GPU.. The smartphone is powered by 1400 mAH, Li-ion battery.. 125 x 63.9 x 9.1 mm. SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages. SIM 2: GSM 1800 / 900 MHz. Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality. Face detection, Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Smile detection. OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone. GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices. Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored. Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Dual core, 1 GHz, Cortex A7, Chipset: Mediatek MT6572M. Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world. GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Yes, HSDPA 21 Mbit/s, HSUPA 5.76 Mbit/s. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks.. Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions. Standby Time is the total amount of time that you can leave your is fully charged, turned on and ready to send and receive calls or data transmissions before completely discharging the battery. Talk Time is the longest time that a single battery charge will last when you are constantly talking on the phone under perfect conditions, Ambient temperature and highly dependent on the cellular network environment such as the distance to the closest cell network tower.. Up to 630 Hours(2G) /Up to 570 Hours(3G). Up to 21 Hours(2G) / Up to 8 Hours(3G). Be the first to add a Review. Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications?. Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life?. Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing?. / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Dual SIM 64GB. Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Dual SIM 32GB. Best Camera Mobiles in India- Buyer’s Guide and Review. Best Camera Mobile under 10000 in India – Buyer’s Guide & Review. Best mobile under 25000 in India – Buyer’s Guide & Review. Best Mobile Under 20000 in India – Buyer’s Guide & Review. Best Mobile Under 15000 in India – Buyer’s Guide & Reviews. Copyright © 2018 Mobile Phones. Theme: Spacious by ThemeGrill .. 
Mobiles / XOLO Mobile Phones / XOLO A550s IPS Price in India. User Visits: 1 Launch Date in India: 03 August, 2014 Compare. Xolo A550s IPS comes loaded with Android v4.2.2 (Jelly Bean) operating system. The phone comes with dimensions of 125 x 63.9 x 9.1 mm. The model comes in White and Black colours. This dual sim smartphone helps you carry out all major smartphone related tasks without witnessing major lags. On the processor front, the smartphone has a dual-core processor running at 1 GHz coupled with 512MB RAM. Such hardware configurations help you go about your phone based routines smoothly without any major hindrances. The device displays a 4-inch screen with a resolution of 480 x 800 pixel. The display quality of the phone is good. Xolo has incorporated IPS display in this phone for better visual display. You will get a 4GB internal storage space, which can be further expanded upto 32GB by using a microSD card. Camera-wise, the phone sports an ordinary 5-megapixel rear camera for capturing images and recording videos. The mobile phone also features a front camera of 0.3 mp for capturing selfies and video calling purposes. With 1400 mAh of battery capacity, the device is rated to deliver 600 hours of stand by time and 21 hours of talk time. The device has multiple connectivity options like 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, USB and GPS.. XOLO A550s IPS Price in India. 4,492 .00. Save Extra on SBI Card EMI transactions Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. Extra 5% off with Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card Apply for Credit Card @ BankBazaar».. First time mobile buyers, Get Extra 10% off on your next purchase on select fashion products.. XOLO A550s IPS Price in India starts from. The lowest XOLO A550s IPS price in India is. 4,492 at Flipkart.com on 26 February, 2018. You can avail the option of Cash on Delivery (COD) and. The price is valid in all major cities of India including Bangalore, Hyderabad,. All prices are in Indian Rupees.. 3.5 /5 (38 User Reviews). 4,492 (Expected Price) XOLO A550s IPS is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 1 GHz Core 512 MB RAM 4 GB Storage 4.0" (10.16 cm) Display 1400 mAh Battery 5 MP Rear Camera 0.3 MP Front Camera Dual SIM No Quick Charging. We will notify you as soon as XOLO A550s IPS becomes available. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as XOLO A550s IPS is available in stock. Android v4.2 (Jelly Bean) Upgradable To V4.4 (KitKat). 125 x 63.9 x 9.1 mm. 1 GHz (Cortex A7). Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Handset, Battery, Charger, Earphone, USB Cable, User Manual, Warranty Card. Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Compare XOLO A550s IPS vs XOLO A500S IPS. Compare XOLO A550s IPS vs Micromax Canvas Fire A093. Compare XOLO A550s IPS vs Micromax Unite A092. Compare XOLO A550s IPS vs Micromax Unite 2. Compare XOLO A550s IPS vs Micromax Canvas Fire 2 A104. Compare XOLO A550s IPS vs XOLO A500S Lite. Compare XOLO A550s IPS vs XOLO A500 Club. Compare XOLO A550s IPS vs Nokia X. XOLO Mobiles XOLO Mobiles Under 6000 XOLO Mobiles Under 5000 XOLO 4G Mobiles XOLO 3G Mobiles XOLO Touch Screen Mobiles XOLO 4G Mobiles Under 10000. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Overview Review Prices Specs Alternatives. 
How To Root XOLO A550S IPS. November 16, 2017 neopodapsi Root. How To Root XOLO A550S IPS. Step by step tutorial How To Root XOLO A550S IPS:. Rooting XOLO A550S IPS will allow yourself to explore your XOLO A550S IPS to the fullest. By rooting, you will be able to access and modify files that usually are restricted on XOLO A550S IPS. In this, tutorial, we are going to show you How To Root XOLO A550S IPS .. The current Root process of XOLO A550S IPS is currently on stable state and has been tested before. By, rooting your XOLO A550S IPS may void your warranty depends on your carrier.. * Make sure you have Custom Recovery, such as Team Win Recovery Project (TWRP) installed. If not, follow our tutorial on How to Install Custom Recovery on XOLO A550S IPS. * Make sure your XOLO A550S IPS is at least 60% charged.. Download the latest SuperSU flashable file for your XOLO A550S IPS From here (Link Updated February 19th, 2018). Transfer the SuperSU file you just downloaded in Step 1 to your XOLO A550S IPS. You can also Download the file directly from your device.. Turn off your XOLO A550S IPS. Enter TWRP Custom Recovery by holding the Power Button and the Volume Up Button. Inside TWRP, go to Install menu, and find the SuperSU file for your XOLO A550S IPS that you just downloaded in Step 1.. Wipe the cache partition, and reboot your XOLO A550S IPS. The initial reboot will take longer time than usual so just wait. Once booted, your XOLO A550S IPS is now in rooted state. You can check whether the root process is successful by installing SuperSU app from Google Play. Done! That’s all the tutorial on How To Root XOLO A550S IPS. If you encounter some problem or have anything to ask around How To Root XOLO A550S IPS, let us know in the comment section below.. A550S IPS Root XOLO XOLO A550S IPS. Previous Post: How to Upgrade HTC Desire 526 to Android Oreo 8.0. Next Post: How to Unlock Bootloader on HTC Desire 816 dual sim. Powered by WordPress and Poseidon .. 
If this is your first visit, be sure to. check out the FAQ by clicking the. You may have to register. before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below.. Technical Support Section For Major Brands. Results 1 to 6 of 6. Thread: xolo a550s ips flash file. Join Date Jun 2016. xolo a550s ips flash file pls help › See More: xolo a550s ips flash file. Always Follow Gsmdevelopers Rules S. Join Date Dec 2016. If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. The Following 2 Users Say Thank You to Prit-Gsm For This Useful Post:. Join Date Jun 2016. Always Follow Gsmdevelopers Rules S. Join Date Dec 2016. @ surender post your memory test info .....seems have issue with baseband chips.... Good Things Happen If You Work Hard... The Following User Says Thank You to Edward_KD For This Useful Post:. Join Date Jun 2016. same error memory test info. Always Follow Gsmdevelopers Rules S. Join Date Dec 2016. POST BACKSTICKER IMAGE HERE nd try--follow guide -----. There’s a cable communication problem between Flash Tool and Boot ROM. 2.Target might be shutdown unexpectedly or target lost power supply. 2.Proceed H/W checking in download cable and target side com port. 3.Monitor if power-drop occurred in target side.. same error memory test info. Good Things Happen If You Work Hard... The Following User Says Thank You to Edward_KD For This Useful Post:. You may not post new threads. You may not post replies. You may not post attachments. You may not edit your posts. BB code is On. [IMG] code is On. [VIDEO] code is On. The time now is 05:09 PM .. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.2.2 Copyright © 2018 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. vBulletin Mods & Addons Copyright © 2018 DragonByte Technologies Ltd. See More links by ForumSetup.net. vB Optimise v2.7.1 (Lite) -. vBulletin Mods & Addons Copyright © 2018 DragonByte Technologies Ltd. Style Work By Rahul_Bhutani United-Forum: CSS-Sprites. 
Nokia 3 Oreo update is now available under beta labs. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 comes to Honor View 10, Mate 10 and more. Is the Galaxy S9’s 960FPS slow motion video recording the best in class?. How to record a slow motion video on Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus. Samsung didn’t give Galaxy S9 a Burgundy red color, yet!. Will Galaxy S8, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy Note 8 get AR Emoji? A port should arrive soon!. Essential Phone deal: Available for $499 with 360-degree camera. [Deal] Get Huawei Honor V10 for just $460 with this coupon. [Deal] Get Xiaomi Mi A1 32GB for just $200 at GearBest. Verizon Moto Z2 Play Deal: $168 off, available for $10/month. [App deal] Moon+ Reader Pro is available for $2.49 (50% off) till January 4. [Hot Deal] Google Pixelbook gets $100 off at Google, Best Buy and B&H, includes free Home. Nokia 3 Oreo update is now available under beta labs. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 comes to Honor View 10, Mate 10 and more. Is the Galaxy S9’s 960FPS slow motion video recording the best in class?. How to record a slow motion video on Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus. Samsung didn’t give Galaxy S9 a Burgundy red color, yet!. Will Galaxy S8, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy Note 8 get AR Emoji? A port should arrive soon!. Essential Phone deal: Available for $499 with 360-degree camera. [Deal] Get Huawei Honor V10 for just $460 with this coupon. [Deal] Get Xiaomi Mi A1 32GB for just $200 at GearBest. Verizon Moto Z2 Play Deal: $168 off, available for $10/month. [App deal] Moon+ Reader Pro is available for $2.49 (50% off) till January 4. [Hot Deal] Google Pixelbook gets $100 off at Google, Best Buy and B&H, includes free Home. Home Tips How to Boot Into Xolo A550s IPS overy Mode. September 14, 2014 - 10:53 PM. Boot into Xolo A550s IPS Recovery Mode Using. Power off your device and wait 4-5 seconds after lights go off. Press and hold Power +. together for a few seconds and then release the buttons as soon as you see the recovery. └ In recovery, use Volume Up and Down keys to navigate between options and Power key to select an option. 2) Boot into Xolo A550s IPS Recovery Mode Using. Extract the file ( ADB files.zip ) you downloaded from the link above to a separate folder on your computer. Go to your phone’s Settings » select About phone » Scroll to the bottom and tap on “Build number” seven times to enable developer options. Enable USB Debugging : Open phone’s Settings » select Developer options » Tick the “USB debugging” checkbox (under Debugging section). Connect your phone to PC with a USB cable and if/when a pop-up screen shows up on Phone asking you to ‘ Allow USB debugging? ‘ for the computer, make sure you. Open the folder where you extracted the files and double-click/run the ‘ Boot into Recovery Mode.bat ‘ file to reboot your device into recovery mode. └ If the script shows any error than that means either your device is not connected or you don’t have proper driver for your device installed on your PC. Boot into Xolo A550s IPS Recovery Mode Using. Quick Boot (Reboot) app from Play Store on your Xolo A550s IPS. Open the app and grant Root Access. Select ‘ Recovery ‘ from the list of options and it’ll boot your device into recovery mode. Boot into Xolo A550s IPS Recovery Mode Using. HARDWARE BUTTONS 2) Boot into Xolo A550s IPS Recovery Mode Using. Boot into Xolo A550s IPS Recovery Mode Using. A recovery is a separate bootable partition on your Android device that you can use to install system updates and. A lot more can be done using a custom recovery, but the stock recovery that comes pre-installed on your Android device is limited to these features only. And FYI, these features are integrated into the Android OS as well — when you chose to factory reset your device from device settings or install an OTA update, your device reboots and boots into the stock recovery to finish the job.. The stock recovery that comes pre-installed on your device doesn’t support touchscreen mechanism. You’ll have to use the Power and Volume buttons available on your device to select and navigate between options in the recovery.. There are multiple methods to boot your Xolo A550s IPS in recovery mode. The most handy (and hardware coded) method is about pressing a combination of keys for a few seconds on your Xolo A550s IPS. Others are software based, let’s have a look them below:. This method is a fail-proof method that’ll always work for you, unless you’ve broken one of hardware keys. In such a case you’d be left with only the other two methods discussed below.. ADB stands for Android Debug Bridge, a tool used to send terminal commands to a Android device via a PC command line. ADB requires a bit of setup, but it gets the job done with much lesser effort than hardware buttons, so pretty useful in cases when you’ve to boot in recovery mode frequently. Also, if (for some reason) your hardware buttons aren’t working than this is a very good alternative to boot into recovery mode.. make sure you’ve proper drivers installed for your device. FYI, the ‘ Boot into Recovery Mode.bat ‘ script file that we used above to boot your device into recovery mode just uses one line of command:. If you already have ADB setup on your computer and you know how to use it, then you may just use the command given above to boot into recovery mode.. Yes! There’s an app for rebooting your phone into recovery mode, and it’s the most easier of the methods we discussed above. But it won’t work unless you’ve root access on your device, and since not everyone roos their device, we’ve put this as the last method here.. Let us know in the comments below if you need any other help, we’d be happy to help.. qp Recovery Mode XOLO A550s IPS Xolo Recovery Mode. How to get Google Lens ASAP on your phone once it starts rolling out?. How to fix Auto-Capitalization issue on Samsung Galaxy phones. When can deleted WhatsApp messages still be seen?. Galaxy S8 Oreo update problems and possible solutions. Top movies for kids available on Google Play Movies. Nokia 3 Oreo update is now available under beta labs. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 comes to Honor View 10, Mate 10 and more. Is the Galaxy S9’s 960FPS slow motion video recording the best in class?. Xiaomi Mi Band 3: Rumors, Specs, Release date and more. Facebook Smart Speaker: All you need to know. Top 5 drawing apps on Android for kids. Qualcomm Snapdragon 670 processor: All you need to know. Top movies for kids available on Google Play Movies. Copyright 2017 - The Android Soul. We’re hiring! Think you have got awesome writing skills,. 
Laptops Desktops Monitors Headsets Printers CPU Netbooks Bluetooth Headsets Multi Functional Devices Internal Hard Drives External Hard Drives Computer Cases Keyboards. Refrigerators Microwave Ovens Water Purifiers Electric Chimneys Juicer/Mixer/Grinders Cooking Ranges Food Processors Dishwashers Oven/Toaster/Grillers. Televisions Home Theaters Speakers Audio Systems HD Media Player DVD Players MP3 Players Blu-ray Players. ACs (Split) ACs (Window) Washing Machines Vacuum Cleaners Clothes Dryers Air Coolers Steam Iron. Digital Cameras Digital Projectors Wearables Camcorders. Home Mobile Mobile Phones XOLO XOLO A550s IPS. Screen Size: 4.0 inches Speed: 1.0 GHz Internal Memory: 4GB, 512MB RAM OS: Android Sensor Resolution: 5MP. B abasabeb Ambedkar Road, (Dadar East). Hellozone Telecom, Shop #114 B , Zilani Manjil, Opp Portuguese church, Gokhale Road, Dadar(W). The Xolo A550s IPS features a 4.0-inch TFT display with a resolution of 480 x 800 pixels and is powered by a 1.0GHz dual core processor and has 512MB of RAM. It comes with 4GB of inbuilt storage, expandable up to 32GB via microSD card and has a 5.0-megapixel rear camera and 0.3-megapixel front camera. It comes with Android 4.2 Jelly Bean OS and support a 1400mAh battery capacity with 3G.. Scene Detection & Tuning, Face Recognition, Panorama, Geo Tagging, Best Shot, Smile Shot, HDR. 63.9 x 9.1 x 125 mm. Music formats: MP3, AMR-NB, WAV, AAC, AAC, MIDI -Video formats: MPEG4, H.263, H.264, MP4. Up to 21 hrs (2G) / Up to 8 hrs (3G). Up to 630 hrs (2G) / Up to 570 hrs (3G). XOLO A550s IPS reviews, XOLO A550s IPS price, XOLO A550s IPS features, XOLO A550s IPS price in india, XOLO A550s IPS online price, XOLO A550s IPS specifications, XOLO A550s IPS, XOLO A550s IPS. XOLO A550s IPS VS XOLO Era. XOLO A550s IPS VS XOLO A500s Lite. XOLO A550s IPS VS XOLO One HD. Televisions Audio Systems Clothes Dryers ACs (Split) Mobile Phones Washing Machines Monitors Laptops Juicer/Mixer/Grinders Microwave Ovens Vacuum Cleaners Cooking Ranges DVD Players Oven/Toaster/Grillers Dishwashers Water Purifiers Air Coolers Electric Chimneys Food Processors Refrigerators Printers Multi Functional Devices Digital Projectors Digital Cameras ACs (Window) MP3 Players Camcorders Netbooks Desktops CPU Internal Hard Drives Home Theaters External Hard Drives Computer Cases Keyboards Speakers Bluetooth Headsets Headsets Blu-ray Players Tablets HD Media Player Steam Iron Wearables. Price : ₹6,299/- onwards. Price : ₹3,499/- onwards. Price : ₹7,500/- onwards. Price : ₹5,000/- onwards. Price : ₹2,890/- onwards. Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Desktops Monitors Headsets Printers CPU Netbooks Bluetooth Headsets Multi Functional Devices Internal Hard Drives External Hard Drives Computer Cases Keyboards Refrigerators Microwave Ovens Water Purifiers Electric Chimneys Juicer/Mixer/Grinders Cooking Ranges Food Processors Dishwashers Oven/Toaster/Grillers Televisions Home Theaters Speakers Audio Systems HD Media Player DVD Players MP3 Players Blu-ray Players ACs (Split) ACs (Window) Washing Machines Vacuum Cleaners Clothes Dryers Air Coolers Steam Iron Digital Cameras Digital Projectors Wearables Camcorders PC Accessories. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro (64GB, 6GB RAM). Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 (64GB, 4GB RAM). You have already selected 4 products. Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Desktops Monitors Headsets Printers CPU Netbooks Bluetooth Headsets Multi Functional Devices Internal Hard Drives External Hard Drives Computer Cases Keyboards Refrigerators Microwave Ovens Water Purifiers Electric Chimneys Juicer/Mixer/Grinders Cooking Ranges Food Processors Dishwashers Oven/Toaster/Grillers Televisions Home Theaters Speakers Audio Systems HD Media Player DVD Players MP3 Players Blu-ray Players ACs (Split) ACs (Window) Washing Machines Vacuum Cleaners Clothes Dryers Air Coolers Steam Iron Digital Cameras Digital Projectors Wearables Camcorders. © Copyright Network 18 Media and Investments Ltd 2017. 
