How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The ZTE Blade Z Max is a big screen phablet with dual camera sensors and solid performance, available for MetroPCS users at a very reasonable price. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 10 Photos in Gallery. The ZTE Blade Z Max is a big screen phablet with dual camera sensors and solid performance, available for MetroPCS users at a very reasonable price.. With the current trend of packing as much display into as little space as possible, people who love truly large phones don't have many options. That makes the ZTE Blade Z Max somewhat unique. Available on MetroPCS for $129, it's a genuine 6-inch phablet that's unapologetically big. That provides plenty of space for a sizable battery and dual rear camera sensors. Combined with current Android software and solid overall performance, the Z Max unseats ZTE's Zmax Pro as our Editors' Choice for MetroPCS subscribers.. The Z Max is a phone for phablet lovers. At 6.5 by 3.3 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and 6.2 ounces, it's similar to the Zmax Pro (6.5 by 3.3 by 0.4 inches, 6.1 ounces), and significantly larger than the LG Stylo 3 (6.1 by 3.1 by 0.3 inches, 5.3 ounces). You'll probably need to use two hands to navigate your way around the display, and if you wear tight pants the phone may put some strain on the seams of your pocket.. View All 10 Photos in Gallery. To make the bulky build a bit easier to handle, the back of the phone has a grippy texture to keep it from slipping. You'll also find a rear fingerprint sensor that's easy to reach with your index finger.. A set of clicky volume buttons and a ridged power button sit on the right, while the left is home to a SIM/microSD card slot we tested with a 256GB card. The bottom has a USB-C charging port and a 3.5mm headphone jack. When paired with wired headphones audio is enhanced by Dolby Atmos software, which uses customized sound profiles, but the phone doesn't deliver genuine high-resolution audio.. The face of the Z Max is dominated by a big, bright, 6-inch 1,920-by-1,080 IPS display. We usually like to see a higher resolution at this size, but for the price it's hard to complain. The panel boasts a respectable 367 pixels per inch resolution (ppi), the same as the Zmax Pro. It's much sharper than the 720p Stylo 3 (258ppi), and while you'll notice some pixels on close inspection, for the most part text and graphics are clear. Viewing angles are solid and colors are accurate. In direct sunlight things can wash out a bit, but remain visible if you crank up the brightness.. The Z Max is available on MetroPCS, which uses T-Mobile's network. It supports LTE bands 2/4/5/12/66, which is similar to the Zmax Pro, aside from band 66 which boosts downlink bandwidth for better download speeds in congested areas. During testing in midtown Manhattan it registered great network connectivity, with a top speed of 20.6Mbps down and 22Mbps up.. Other connectivity protocols are the standard fare. Wi-Fi is supported on the 2.4GHz band only, so you won't be able to connect to a home router on the 5GHz frequency, and the phone uses Bluetooth 4.2. There's no NFC, which is a fairly common omission at this price point.. Transmissions are harsh and robotic, and noise cancellation struggles to consistently blot out all background sound. This is despite both VoLTE and HD Voice being supported. Earpiece volume is fairly loud, but the back-facing speaker is easy to muffle with your hand.. The Z Max is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 processor clocked at 1.4GHz. It's a common chipset for midrange phones, and benchmarks similarly to other devices we've tested, scoring 46,814 on AnTuTu (a measure of overall system performance). That's about on par with the Snapdragon 617 in the Zmax Pro (47,007), and it outperforms the Stylo 3 (42,131), which has the same chipset, likely due to ZTE's lighter UI layer.. The phone has 2GB of RAM, so it's capable of a good amount of multitasking and can handle running most apps short of high-end games. That said, sometimes you'll encounter the occasional lag, though things never froze up on me completely.. See How We Test Cell Phones. The Z Max packs a large 4,080mAh battery that was good for 7 hours and 6 minutes in our rundown test, in which we stream video over LTE at maximum brightness. That surpasses the Zmax Pro (6 hours), and should easily get you through a full day of normal usage and then some. Fast charging is supported with the included adapter.. A dual-camera setup is becoming common among flagship phones, but aside from the Huawei Honor 6X , it's rare to find on more affordable options. In the case of the Z Max, you have a 16-megapixel primary sensor paired with a supplementary 2-megapixel sensor. This combination allows for some cool effects, like Bokeh mode, which lets you focus in on a foreground object while blurring the background. Another mode called Color Catcher makes everything black and white, but highlights a single color. As you can see in the image below, it results in some interesting, Instagram-worthy shots.. Certain bokeh shots look jagged and unnatural, where it seems like the foreground object was carved out of the blurry background. Color Catcher also has some oddities where certain colors aren't rendered in black and white as they should be, or are only partially colored.. Aside from these features, the Z Max is your standard midrange shooter. Outdoors and in good lighting, it's capable of capturing clear shots. Areas of shadow result in a certain amount of graininess when it comes to fine details, like the brickwork facades of buildings or the individual branches of plants. Indoors and in lower light, image quality degrades. You'll get more blurry shots and more noise.. There are manual controls that let you adjust ISO, exposure, and other elements to improve shots, and those help to some degree, but don't expect to crank out flagship-quality photos. Video recording is the standard 1080p at 30fps, but overall quality is good and generally stable provided your hand doesn't shake too much. An 8-megapixel front-facing camera has a habit of looking washed out, but it serves well enough for selfies and video chats.. Like most new phones now, the Z Max runs Android 7.1 Nougat with some minor visual changes. Mostly, it sticks to a familiar-looking rendition of Android without much in the way of extra features. There are seven preinstalled MetroPCS apps, along with Facebook. None can be uninstalled, but it's still not much bloatware relative to other phones we've seen. Out of 32GB of internal storage, 21GB is available out of the box, and you can always add a microSD card if you need to.. Although it certainly isn't competition for higher-end handsets, the ZTE Blade Z Max is a midrange powerhouse in the MetroPCS lineup. For $129 you get a big screen and battery, along with capable performance and a dual-camera setup that provides capabilities usually only found in more expensive devices. It's a great deal for the price, and a worthy successor to the ZMax Pro. If you're looking for something smaller, the Moto E4 is available for the same price and offers a similar level of performance. But for everyone who loves a big screen, the Blade Z Max is our Editors' Choice.. Bottom Line: The ZTE Blade Z Max is a big screen phablet with dual camera sensors and solid performance, available for MetroPCS users at a very reasonable price.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Phones More Products Support Blog Forum Store. Phones More Products Support Blog Forum Store. SEE MORE, CAPTURE MORE WITH THE DUAL CAMERA · Capture amazing shots with the 16 MP rear-facing camera and a second 2MP rear-facing camera for incredible image depth that you can refocus and edit before and after taking the photo. · Snap the perfect and clear selfie with the sharp 8MP front-facing camera. · Capture amazing moments like never before. With a lightning-fast autofocus camera, you can frame, take, and edit shots like a pro.. GET MORE PHONE WITH MEMORY THAT’S EXPANDABLE · The Blade Z Max provides up to 32GB of internal memory to store your precious photos, videos, music, and more. · But if that isn’t enough, you can easily expand the memory with a 128GB microSD card.. DO MORE WITH A LONG-LASTING BATTERY · Talk, text, play and do more of what you love with the powerful 4080 mAh non-removable battery. · The latest USB Type-C connectivity allowing you to quick charge with Qualcomm 2.0.. BIGGER SCREEN, BIGGER VIEWING PLEASURE · Watch your screen come to life on the Full High-Definition (FHD) 6-inch display with scratch-resistance Dragontrail 2.5D glass. · Whether it’s enjoying videos, checking Facebook® or swiping through a photo album, the ZTE Blade Z Max delivers a bigger experience every time.. 16MP + 2MP Dual Rear Camera with PDAF. 1.4 GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ MSM8940. microSD™ support up to 128 GB. LTE Cat 6 B2/B4/B5/B12/B66 | 2CA. Type-C with Qualcomm® Quick Charge™ 2.0. CRAPPY Review by Chasity. I bought this phone brand new from Metro PCS. Everytime I buy a ZTE phone from metro seems like I always get a defective device. I have tried factory reset twice. I will NEVER shop with ZTE again. Seems like they don't have a problem sending out defective device to mobile carriers, and I refuse to spend almost 200 dollars for a crappy buggy device ever again. Great place but with flaws Review by Jacob. I recently bought this phone from metro and love it but have some issues but mine differ from other people , my biggest one is the default messaging app just glitches all the time (Posted on 2/3/2018). Slow AS HELL Review by Matthew. So i wanted to get this phone on sale because 1. It has a good quality Camera in some aspect's. Notifications come in super late and do not work right. Facebook being Preinstalled is a major blow to the phone's inner software 3. The Text Messaging Part is so bad that it glitches every minute and every day and can't even download photo's correctly. It makes the phone run extremely slow and not operable at time's. Never Enough Memory (To Much Bloatware) Review by AWFordJr. I have been wanting an 8 core cpu phone for a while & I had my eyes on this model for many months & had heard good things about it. It has a nice look, lots of internal space for pictures & apps, and I loved that it has a fingerprint reader to keep people out who might have noticed your pass as you typed it in. It was on sale for $99.98 at my local MetroPCS & because my Samsung Galaxy On5 never had enough space for apps & what not I figured it was time for a change so I bought this phone. 32GB internal space which has about 21GB free from start before you do any updates or changes to anything. Still a good bit of internal space compared to most phones. Nice 1080p supported display with dual cameras on the selfie cam for better quality, and a normal on the outer side. Easier to take screen shots then some phones are just holding the power + volume down buttons together which took me a while to figure out. Battery life is insanely long which is great being I can take a lot of pictures with the flash & it hardly makes any difference on the battery unlike other models of phones I have used in the past. I can also use things like FB & FB Messenger for hours & still have a good 90% of my battery off a full charge. I am always getting messages about not having enough memory free to be able to upload a single image to my photo gallery which I could do up to 30 pictures at a time with on my old On5's. No matter what browser I use I just can not do it even after a factory reset because between the bloatware & other stuff running in the background my system ram is always used up to 1.4 or 1.4GB of the 1.8GB the phone offers, so its impossible to get any real use from anything with this phone. Why would you put so much garbage on a phone with so much internal memory & so little ram? This phone needs at least 3-4GB of memory, such a waste. Random freezes where my phone become completely unresponsive. I literally have to hold the power button until it restarts, which I should not have to do. Fingerprint Reader option requires that you use a second type of pass code, pattern, or password. This kind of defeats the purpose of the fingerprint reader for me, because if someone figures out your pass code then whats the point of the fingerprint?. These are my main 3 problems with this phone. Unfortunately a refund is not an option, or I would get a refund & never buy another ZTE phone. It was against my better judgement to not buy a better known name brand that I knew I could be proud of & trust. Now I am out of the money I wasted, and stuck with a phone that is completely useless to me for what I wanted it for. I think the thing I like most about the phone is the battery life, and the internal space. I really wish ZTE would offer me some type of exchange or compensation because I feel cheated on the low memory error I always get & being I bought the phone most for its camera, my photo gallery, and the internal space I am at a serious loss here. Worst Phone Ever Review by Paul. Great battery, if you can get charging cord to stay in. Must reboot 2-3 times per week. More trouble than it's worth (Posted on 12/28/2017). Avoid this turd at all costs Review by j. Phone freezes out of no where. Apps don't works most of the time. On paper it's nice, the price is nice, but get a phone that works instead. This thing will make you throw it against a wall within a month so don't waste your time with this hot mess. best phone to get Review by james. the camera is really good the phone is really fast and the battery life is really good as well if i was you i would get this phone in a hart beat I've had no problems so far and I've had it for a month already .. BUY THIS PHONE !!! (Posted on 12/18/2017). Awesome phone A+++++ Review by Bobbie. I have never owned a ZTE phone. I switched from straight talk to Metro PCs. I ported my phone number and got this ZTE Blade Zmax phone for free. This is the best phone I've ever owned and I've owned alot of them. A+++++ (Posted on 12/7/2017). Awesome phone A+++++ Review by Bobbie. I have never owned a ZTE phone. I switched from straight talk to Metro PCs. I ported my phone number and got this ZTE Blade Zmax phone. This is the best phone I've ever owned and I've owned alot of them. A+++++ (Posted on 12/7/2017). Great Review by John. This is the best phone I have ever had at any price! Perfect in every way (Posted on 12/2/2017). Items 1 to 10 of 21 total. Items 1 to 10 of 21 total. Please log in or register to give us a review.. Check out the latest support materials here for your device.. Download user manuals, read FAQs, and upgrade your device's software.. Hotline Hours: Monday-Sunday 8am - 9pm (CST). If you have questions about how to use ZTE mobile devices or your device needs repair services, please contact our services hotline or email for more information.. Be the first to learn about our newest items, promotions and events.. © 1998 - 2017 ZTE Corporation and ZTE USA. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of over 5,000 results for "ZTE Blade Z Max". Did you mean: zte blade zmax. Zte Blade Z Max Z982 4G Lte Unlocked Metropcs, T-mobile, At&t , Usa & International. Only 10 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features UNLOCKED NEW ZTE BLADE ZMAX 32GB DUAL CAMERA,OCTA CORE. ZTE BLADE Z MAX Z982 4G LTE Metropcs. Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. $129.50 (10 used &amp new offers). METROPCS BRANDED) OCTA CORE ZTE BLADE ZMAX ( UNLOCKED) WORLD WIDE .... ZTE Blade Z MAX Case, ZTE Sequoia Case With [Full Edged Tempered Glass Screen Protector],IDEA LINE(TM) Heavy Duty Protection Hybrid Hard Shockproof Slim Fit Cover - Black. Fit for ZTE ZMAX PRO 2 / ZTE Sequoia LTE / ZTE Blade Z MAX .... ZTE Blade Z Max Case, Zizo [Static Series]Shockproof [Military Grade Drop Tested] w/ Kickstand [ZTE Blade Z Max Heavy Duty Case] Impact Resistant Z982. In stock on March 2, 2018. Versatile: This ZTE Blade Z Max Kickstand Case allows you to experience .... Black ZTE Blade Z Max Pro 2 Case,ZTE Sequoia Case with Tempered Glass Screen Protector,LUHOURI Hybrid Armor Rugged Heavy Duty Defender Protective Case Slim Fit Cover (Black). Compatible with ZTE Blade Z Max / ZTE Z Max Pro 2 / ZTE Sequoia - [DO .... ZTE Blade Z Max Case, ZTE ZMax Pro 2 Case, ZTE Sequoia Case, Venoro Heavy Duty Armor Shockproof Rugged Protection Case Cover with Belt Swivel Clip and Kickstand for ZTE Z982 (Black). designed for your precious ZTE Blade Z Max / ZTE Z982 / ZTE ZMax Pro 2 .... [2-Pack] Supershieldz for ZTE "Blade Z Max" Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. ZTE Blade Z Max / ZTE Blade Zmax Pro 2/ ZTE Sequoia Case With Phone Stand,Ymhxcy [Credit Card Slots Holder][Brushed Texture] Hybrid Dual Layer Shockproof Protective Cover For ZTE Z982-LCK Rose Gold. Compatibility: Fit For ZTE Blade Z Max / ZTE Blade Zmax Pro 2 / ZTE .... Cover] [Black] Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. [2 Pack] Orzero For ZTE Blade Z Max / Z982 / Zmax Pro 2 / ZTE Sequoia Blade Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [ Full Coverage ] 2.5D Arc Edges 9 Hardness HD [Lifetime Replacement Warranty]-Black. Product Features Specially Designed Full Screen protector for ZTE Blade Z MAX. ZTE Blade Z Max Case, Zizo [ION Series] with FREE [ZTE Blade Z Max Screen Protector] Transparent Clear [Military Grade Drop Tested] Blade Z Max Z982. In stock on March 2, 2018. Product Features ZTE Blade Z Max Case : This case is compatible with ZTE Blade Z Max Z982.. ZTE Sequoia Case, ZTE Blade Z MAX Case, ZTE Blade Zmax Pro 2 Case, Mellonlu Premium Flip Fold Cover Stand Cards Holder Wallet PU Leather Protective Case for ZTE Sequoia/ Blade ZMax Pro 2 Z982. fit for the ZTE Sequoia / ZTE Blade Z MAX / Blade ZMax Pro 2 Z982 .... [2-Pack]Full Coverage Tempered Glass Screen Protector For ZTE Blade Z Max / Zmax Pro2 / Z982/ZTE Sequoia with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Glass Screen Protector for ZTE Blade Z max / Zmax Pro2/Sequoia/Z982 .... ZTE Blade Z Max Case, ZTE Blade Zmax Pro 2 Case, ZTE Sequoia Glitter Case with HD Screen Protector,LeYi Bling Cute Girls Women Heavy Duty Protective Phone Case for ZTE Z982 TP Rose Gold. to all buttons for your ZTE Blade Z Max ,ZTE Blade Zmax Pro 2,ZTE .... ZTE Blade Z Max Case,ZTE Blade Zmax Pro 2 Case,ZTE Sequoia Liquid Case with HD Screen Protector for Girls,LeYi Shiny Glitter Moving Quicksand Clear TPU Protective Phone Case for ZTE Z982 ZX Rose Gold. Product Features Compatible with ZTE Blade Z Max , ZTE Blade Zmax Pro 2, ZTE Sequoia, ZTE Z982.. ZTE Blade Z Max Case, ZTE ZMax Pro 2 Z982 Case, ZTE Sequoia Case, BENTOBEN Glitter Bling Shockproof Hybrid Hard PC Soft TPU Protective Phone Case for ZTE Blade Z Max/ Zmax Pro 2/ Sequoia, Rose Gold. designed for ZTE ZMax Pro 2, ZTE Blade Z Max Z982, ZTE Sequoia only, Not .... All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Cases, Holsters & Clips. Audio & Video Connectors & Adapters. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for zte blade z max. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for zte blade z max. Save zte blade z max to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow zte blade z max to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Did you mean: zte blade zmax ( 12,274 items)?. For ZTE Blade Z MAX Z982 Case Slim Brushed Texture Hybrid Protective Phone Cover. ZTE BLADE Z MAX Z982 32GB (MetroPCS) Smartphone. 8 new & refurbished from $199.99. For ZTE Blade Z Max/Zmax Pro 2/Sequoia Phone Case Clip Holster Stand Armor Cover. For Alcatel Huawei ZTE Phone Cover Holster Hybrid Case WHITE PINK CAMO LuxGuard. REFINED COVER PHONE CASE & HOLSTER FOR [ZTE BLADE Z MAX] +BLACK TEMPERED GLASS. ZTE BLADE Z MAX Z982 32GB (MetroPCS and Tmobile) Brand New!!. 8 new & refurbished from $199.99. For ZTE Blade Z Max/Zmax Pro 2/Sequoia/Z982 Hybrid Case+Tempered Glass Protector. For ZTE SEQUOIA /BLADE Z MAX - TPU Rubber Shiny Glitter Bling Phone Case Pink. 3 new & refurbished from $7.95. For ZTE Blade Z MAX Z982 Case Tough Dual Layer Hybrid Shockproof Phone Cover. ZTE Blade Z Max Case, Zizo ION Shockproof Cover w/ Screen Protector - ZTE Z982. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 BLUE Trim Glitter Star Liquid Water Skin Case. 3 new & refurbished from $8.75. For ZTE Blade Z Max/Zmax Pro 2/Z982 Case Shockproof Hard Cover + Tempered Glass. MetroPCS ZTE Blade Z Max Z982 Black Smartphone Unlocked. 8 new & refurbished from $199.99. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX - Magnetic BLACK Carbon Fiber Hard TPU Rubber Case. 2 (Two) ZTE BLADE Z MAX Z982 32GB (MetroPCS) Smartphones + Free Month $50 plan. 8 new & refurbished from $199.99. For ZTE Blade Z Max/ Zmax Pro 2/ Z982 Shockproof Cover Hard Armor Hybrid Case. For ZTE Sequoia | ZTE Blade Z Max (2017) Slim Flexible Clear TPU Case Lightning. ZTE BLADE Z MAX Zmax Z982 32GB (MetroPCS) Unlocked AT&T T-Mobile Cricket. 8 new & refurbished from $199.99. Slim Kickstand Card Hard Armor Case Cover For ZTE Blade Z MAX / Sequoia Z982. For ZTE Sequoia | ZTE Blade Z Max (2017) Flexible Clear TPU Case White Dragon. ZTE Sequoia / Blade Z Max Hybrid Bling Glitter Rubber Gel Hard TPU Case Cover. 3 new & refurbished from $7.95. For ZTE Sequoia | ZTE Blade Z Max (2017) Slim Clear TPU Case Silly Animals. For ZTE Blade Z Max/Z982/Sequo ia Phone Case Hybrid Clip Holster Stand Hard Cover. For ZTE Sequoia | Blade ZMAX | Zmax Pro Z982 (2017) Clip Kickstand Black Case. ZTE BLADE Z MAX Z982 32GB (MetroPCS) with extras Smartphone. 8 new & refurbished from $199.99. For ZTE Sequoia | ZTE Blade Z Max (2017) Slim Clear TPU Case Shield Hero. For ZTE Sequoia | ZTE Blade Z Max (2017) Clip Stand Case Unique Designs. For ZTE Blade Z Max Hard PC/TPU Rubber Hybrid Brushed Rubber Case. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 Hot Pink Glitter Star Liquid Water Skin Case. 3 new & refurbished from $8.75. ZTE BLADE Z MAX Z982 (MetroPCS) Smartphone. 8 new & refurbished from $199.99. For ZTE Blade Z Max/Sequoia/Zm ax Pro 2 Tuff Hybrid Brushed PC/TPU Rubber Case. For ZTE Blade Z Max/Sequoia/Zm ax Pro 2 Chrome Hard Hybrid Brushed Case Cover. For ZTE Sequoia | ZTE Blade Z Max (2017) Slim Flexible Clear TPU Case Comics. ZTE Blade Z Max Case, Zizo Static Cover -Shockproof w/ Kickstand-Heav y Duty Z982. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX - Hybrid Armor Kickstand Case Blue Chevron Anchor. Thin Clear Screen Protector Tempered Glass Film Protection Cover For ZTE Series. For ZTE Blade Z Max Z982 Sequoia Defender Hybrid Tuff Hard Case Solid Protection. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 GOLD LOVE Pink Glitter Star Liquid Water Case. For ZTE Blade Z Max/Sequoia Hybrid Brushed PC/TPU Rubber ID/Card Slot Case Cover. For ZTE Blade Z Max Z982 Black Touch Screen Digitizer Replacement Parts. For ZTE Sequoia | ZTE Blade Z Max (2017) Flexible Clear TPU Case Punk Skulls. For ZTE Blade Z Max/Sequoia/Zm ax Pro 2 Bumper PC/TPU Rubber Case Cover. For ZTE Blade Z Max Tan Wallet Leather Pouch Sleeve Skin Case Belt Loop Holster. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 SILVER Dream Catcher Glitter Star Liquid Case. 5 new & refurbished from $8.95. Leather Flip Card Wallet Case Cover Wristlet Kickstand For ZTE Blade Z MAX Z982. For ZTE SEQUOIA BLADE Z MAX Z982 Black Wallet Card Slot Magnetic Detachable Case. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 - SILVER OWL Glitter Stars Liquid Water Case. 4 new & refurbished from $8.95. For ZTE Cell Phone Case Motion Liquid Quicksand Glitter Clear Soft TPU Cover. For ZTE Blade Z Max Z982 Brushed Textured Case w/Card Slot+Tempered Glass Cover. for ZTE XL PHONES - Horizontal BROWN Leather Pouch Holder Belt Clip Holster Case. ZTE Blade Z Max / ZMax Pro 2 / Sequoia Z982 Cute 3D Cherry Ice Cream Case Cover. for 6" ZTE BLADE Z MAX bladeZmax Case Groove Grip Hybrid Slim Shock Bump Cover +. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX - Hybrid Armor Kickstand Case Black White Flowers. Men Women Fashion Dad Bod Bag Funny Flesh Fat Beer Belly Pocket Waist Bags Case. Customs services and international tracking provided. IMPORTANT: Suitable only for [ZTE BLADE "Z" MAX]. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. For ZTE Blade Z MAX z982 / ZTE Maven 3 / ZMAX Pro Z981. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900. LTE band 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 12(700), 66(1700/2100). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 166.1 x 84.6 x 8.4 mm (6.54 x 3.33 x 0.33 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 6.0 inches, 99.2 cm 2 (~70.6% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~367 ppi density). Dual: 16 MP + 2 MP, phase detection autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 2.0). Also known as ZTE Blade Z Max Z982.. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. ZTE Blade Z Max - user opinions and reviews. Why so money people are complaining about this phone I just can't believe my phone has been working perfectly better then the Galaxy 800 plus dollars that I used to have. The good: long battery and 32 GB. The bad: graphics, sound, processor, camera, laggy. I agree, the video and sound are the worst. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. ZTE Zmax Pro LG Stylo 3 Plus LG K20 plus ZTE Max XL Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime ZTE Blade V8 Pro. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Axon 7 ZTE nubia Z17s ZTE Axon 9 ZTE nubia Z17. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (8). Based on 4 User reviews. Just like the Zmax Pro, the Blade X Max offers a rear-facing fingerprint scanner. What's new here actually sits right above it: this is the latest device to jump on the dual camera bandwagon, sporting a weird combo of a primary 16 MP sensor, and a secondary 2 MP one, though the latter will be used primarily for the obligatory portrait mode. The front camera is also upgraded, and now produces images with an 8 MP resolution. Inside you'll find some pretty modest specs: a Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 chipset with 2 gigs of RAM and 32 GB of storage (expandable via SD card). There is, however, one particularly impressive aspect to the device: the large 4,080 mAh battery.. Dimensions: 6.54 x 3.33 x 0.33 inches (166.1 x 84.6 x 8.4 mm). Weight: 6.17 oz (175 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials: Main body: Plastic; Accents: Aluminum. Features: Fingerprint (touch), Touch sensitive control keys. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Dragontrail), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Dual-camera (2-megapixel), Autofocus (Phase detection). Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Octa-core, 1400 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 31.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 22.0 days (528 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 4, 5, 12. Data: LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 14 Aug 2017. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 129. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct ZTE Blade Z Max specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. ZTE intros the Blade Z Max: an affordable 6-incher with dual cameras and impressive battery. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
ZTE Blade Z Max hands-on review. The ZTE ‘Blade Z Max’ is a $130 phone you won’t need to charge for days. The 6-inch ZTE Blade Z Max is a big phone with a big battery.. The 6-inch ZTE Blade Z Max is a big phone with a big battery.. The 6-inch ZTE Blade Z Max is a big phone with a big battery.. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. ZTE is rebranding its smartphones into two categories: The Blade budget series, and the flagship Axon series. It’s easier for regular people to understand, but what about the ZMax brand ? Last year’s $100 ZMax Pro was our favorite budget phone. Jeff Yee, vice president of Technology Planning and Partnerships at ZTE, told Digital Trends that 3 million people bought it on MetroPCS and T-Mobile, and it’s why the company is hesitant to rid the ZMax brand. The result? The ZMax Pro’s successor is called the ZTE Blade Z Max .. The ZMax Pro was so popular, ZTE altered its design and put it on other wireless carriers under new names, such as the Max XL. This new Blade Z Max is successor to the original ZMax Pro and is available to T-Mobile/MetroPCS customers first.. The Blade Z Max keeps the massive 6-inch screen size as its predecessor, but the design is quite different.. There’s now a grippy, rubber-like textured material covering the rear, as opposed to a soft-touch back. Like the 2016 phone, the ZTE logo sits in the center with a circular fingerprint sensor above, but the camera and flash are now on the top left side instead of in the center. There’s a dual-camera setup, which ZTE first introduced earlier this year on the Blade V8 .. The SIM card slot still remains on the left side, and the volume rocker sits above the power button on the right. The front of the phone looks almost exactly the same, with the speaker grill now an oval cutout, rather than three separate holes.. This is a phone that requires two hands.. The headphone jack is now on the bottom, next to the same USB Type-C charging port. Also on the bottom front of the phone are three capacitive buttons for navigating the Android user interface.. The design change makes sense; a 6-inch smartphone is tough to handle, so a grippy back should help. It certainly is less slippery, but it still is difficult to reach the other edge of the phone with your thumb. Even for people with large hands like myself, this is a phone that requires two hands.. The 6-inch display itself offers a 1,920 x 1,080-pixel resolution. It is a sharp screen; its colors look fairly accurate; and it can get bright enough to see outdoors.. Decent performance and a standard interface. The Blade Z Max sadly doesn’t use a Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 series processor , but instead opts for the Snapdragon 435 system-on-a-chip. While the Snapdragon 435 is newer and offers better connectivity, the Snapdragon 617 (which is on the ZMax Pro) offers slightly better performance. The Snapdragon 435 is paired with 2GB RAM, as well as 32GB of internal storage. There’s a MicroSD card slot, so you can expand your storage up to 128GB.. In our brief usage with the Blade Z Max, performance was reliable. Apps opened with ease, and moving through the recent apps menu and home screens was fast. Apps like Facebook and Twitter did stutter while scrolling quickly, even more so when multitasking with split-screen mode.. Pleasantly, the Android 7.1.1 interface is almost exactly like Google’s default version of Android, with Google Assistant on board. The software is easy to use, with only a few MetroPCS apps pre-installed, and it looks great. The August 2017 security patch was installed, and we hope ZTE will continue to keep up with Google’s monthly security updates.. ZTE has fitted a massive 4,080mAh battery in the Blade, which is a lot bigger than last year’s 3,400mAh in the ZMax Pro. We’ll have to do more testing, but we haven’t had to charge it for three days with light usage, which is amazing.. We haven’t had much of a chance to test the cameras yet, but the rear dual-camera setup has 16-megapixel and 2-megapixel cameras, which offer features such as monocolor and a portrait mode. The front camera features 8-megapixels, but no flash.. With ever-increasing competition in this price tier from the likes of Motorola’s Moto E4 , we’ll have to do more testing to see how the Blade Z Max stacks up and if it’s worth the $130 price tag.. ZTE Blade Z Max Compared To. The ZTE Blade Z Max will be available only at MetroPCS on August 28 for $130. Expect different versions of this device to crop up over the course of the following year to other carriers such as T-Mobile, Boost Mobile, and Sprint. You can pre-order the Blade Z Max now.. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. This $129 phone has dual cameras and a fingerprint reader. The $129 Blade Z Max is a dual-camera phone with a huge screen and a fingerprint reader.. by August 14, 2017 6:00 AM PDT. ZTE Blade Z Max spec comparison. Today, ZTE is launching the Blade Z Max on MetroPCS -- a prepaid phone that features a big display, a dual-camera setup and a fingerprint reader on the back. It will be available in stores starting August 28.. For a budget phone to pack that kind of hardware, you'd expect the price to be around the $200-$300 range, like the $230 Motorola Moto G5 Plus ( $209.99 at Walmart ) or the $280 Alcatel Idol 5S. But the new Blade Z Max lowers the price range even more at $129.. ZTE's Blade Z Max goes big for cheap. Compared to the other two phones , it features a bigger 6-inch display and a capacious 4,080mAh battery that promises 31 hours of usage time. Its two cameras on the back shoots dramatic "bokeh" photos and monocolor images that highlight one color. However, its bigger screen comes at a slightly lower resolution and its 1.4GHz processor isn't as powerful as the other two. (For a full comparison, check out the chart below).. Still, for a 6-inch phone with dual cameras and a big battery, $129 is very cheap. We'll update this piece when we test the phone's battery life in our labs, but if you're a prepaid user and you're in the market for an inexpensive device, consider the Blade Z Max.. 32GB (UK & US), 64GB (US only). 2GB on 32 GB (US model), 3GB on 32GB (UK model) or 4GB on 64GB (US model). CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
https:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ phones/ phone.php? p=5548. 1080 x 1920 pixels 367 ppi. 4080 mAh LiIon Non-removable Talk: 31 hours max. MSM8940 octa-core 2 GB RAM. 32 GB raw hardware 21 GB available to user Expandable via memory card. 16+ megapixel dual LED flash, PDAF HDR, panorama, manual, multi-exposure, portrait modes Extra Camera: monochrome for exposure and depth / 2 megapixel Video: 1080p HD time-lapse mode. 6.51 x 3.28 x 0.33 in. 165 x 83 x 8.3 mm. Rating: M4, T3 (mostly tele-coil compatible). Languages Supported: English, Spanish, Korean, Chinese. Supported Profiles: HSP 1.2, HFP 1.7, OPP , FTP , PBA , DUN , A2DP 1.2, AVRC 1.6, HID , PAN , SAP 1.1, MAP version 4.2. Connector: USB Type C version 2.0. Card Type: microSD up to 128 GB. ZTE Blade Z Max product page ». Find a mistake or omission? Submit a Correction. This follow-up to the ZMAX Pro keeps the huge 6-inch screen, while stepping up to a larger battery, better camera, and fast charging. Other features of this affordable Android phablet include fingerprint reader, premium design, memory card slot, and USB-C.. LTE 2 / 4 / 5 / 12 / 66. WCDMA 2 / 4 / 5. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. band 2 (II) / 1900 MHz. band 4 (IV) / 1700 MHz. band 5 (V) / 850 MHz. Hands On with the ZTE Blade Z Max. Review: ZTE Blade Z Max for MetroPCS. Top Five Budget Handsets of 2017. Subscribe to updates on this phone with RSS. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
Find your number on your phone. If you forgot your MetroPCS phone number, go to your "Device Settings" and select "About Device".. Verification link has been sent to your phone.. We're experiencing a technical issue right now.Please call us at 1-888-8metro8 for immediate personal assistance.. ( 0 item items ). By performing this action soft goods will be removed from the cart. By upgrading your profile you will have access to change your plan or services, upgrade your phone, access information about your phone, payment history, call usage and more!. Upgrade your account to access this section. By upgrading you will have access to information about your phone, plan, payment history, call usage and more!. We’re experiencing a technical issue right now. Please call us at 1-888-8metro8 for immediate personal assistance.. Your PIN will be delivered via Text message to the MetroPCS phone number provided.. Your Personal Identification Number (PIN) is an 8-digit number that you created when you activated your MetroPCS account. Please remember your PIN as you will be asked for it on occasion.. Enter the answer to your Security Question and we'll send your PIN to your MetroPCS phone by text message.. I authorize you to send me a text message with a Registration Passcode. Please click the Authorize box to proceed.. Please click the Account box to proceed.. You must know the answer to your question to retrieve your PIN by text message.. We’re experiencing a technical issue right now. Please call us at 1-888-8metro8 for immediate personal assistance.. Please go to MetroPCS Location: Find MetroPCS Locations. Enter your MetroPCS Phone Number used for your account to get your Password sent directly to your phone.. Please enter your MetroPCS phone number.. Please enter a valid phone number. We're sorry, the answer you provided for your security question does not match our records. The Phone number and/or Password you entered is not a match to our records. You will then have access to change your password.. We are experiencing technical issues right now. Please call us at 1-888-8metro8 for immediate personal assistance.. MetroPCS International Long Distance Terms and Conditions. MetroPCS Terms and Conditions of Service. We are pleased that you have selected us as your wireless carrier. Please use this page as a reference for questions about your service and the terms and conditions of service that govern the service(s) you have purchased from MetroPCS. These Terms and Conditions of Service apply to all devices and wireless services provided by us to you and consist of several parts, which may be amended from time to time:. The MetroPCS Terms and Conditions of Service. The MetroPCS Online Terms of Use. The MetroPCS Wi-Fi Terms of Use. The terms and conditions relating to any additional features you may have selected or as may be included in your Rate Plan, including, but not limited to:. In the event that the terms and conditions relating to a feature you may have selected or that may be included in your Rate Plan conflicts with the MetroPCS Terms and Conditions of Service, your Rate Plan shall control. You accept our Terms and Conditions by doing any of the following (a) giving us a written or electronic signature or telling us orally that you accept the MetroPCS Terms and Conditions of Service; (b) activating Service (if you are a new subscriber); (c) using your Service after your Service is activated or after you make a change or addition to your Service; (d) paying for the Service; or (e) failing to activate Service within 30 days after the purchase of your MetroPCS wireless device.. You also agree to the terms and conditions of service and use related to any feature(s) you may have selected or that may be included in your Rate Plan.. By accepting the MetroPCS Terms and Conditions of Service, you agree to the following (see full MetroPCS Terms and Conditions of Service for all terms):. You waive your right to a jury trial in disputes with MetroPCS.. Your disputes with MetroPCS will be decided by an arbitrator.. You waive your right to institute or participate in class action litigation against MetroPCS.. You will provide MetroPCS with accurate information about yourself.. MetroPCS may communicate with you from time to time about your Service.. You will pay all taxes and regulatory fees even if your rate plan is inclusive of taxes and regulatory fees.. MetroPCS may terminate your Service if you fail to timely pay for your Service or violate the Terms and Conditions of Service in any way, including abuse of the Service or violations of applicable laws.. MetroPCS Terms and Conditions of Service. When you initiate Service with MetroPCS, you may receive a Start of Service form and this Agreement. These materials, including applicable supplemental terms and conditions, and your Rate Plan terms, are part of your Agreement with MetroPCS (collectively, the “Agreement”). This Agreement governs the sale, use, and delivery of MetroPCS wireless services ("Service" or "Services") to you (the purchaser or user of the Services) by T-Mobile USA, Inc. and any of its controlled subsidiaries, assignees, and agents ("us," "we," "our" or "MetroPCS"). Certain other laws may also govern our provision of Services to you and such laws are incorporated in their entirety by this reference into this Agreement as if set forth in this Agreement. Your Service is also subject to, and you agree to adhere to, our business policies, practices, and procedures, which we can change at any time without notice to you (collectively, the "Policies"). Offers may not be available everywhere or combinable with other promotions/options. Your Rate Plan includes your allotments for minutes, messages or data, rates, coverage and other terms (“Rate Plan”). The Agreement makes up the complete agreement between you and us, and supersedes any and all prior and contemporaneous agreements, arrangements, representations, advertising, contracts, statements, offers, and understandings relating to the subject matter of the Agreement, whether oral or written, including, but not limited to, all previous versions of the Terms and Conditions of Service. You cannot rely on any other documents or statements by any sales person, service representative or other agent. You acknowledge and agree that you have not relied on any representation, assertion, guarantee, warranty, contract or other assurance, stated or made by anyone except those set out in this Agreement.. IMPORTANT : READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. IT REQUIRES THE USE OF INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES. ARBITRATION IS MORE INFORMAL THAN LITIGATION BECAUSE IT USES A NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR INSTEAD OF A JUDGE OR JURY AND ALLOWS FOR LESS DISCOVERY AND LESS APPELLATE REVIEW THAN IN COURT.. YOUR AGREEMENT WITH METROPCS STARTS WHEN YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. YOU AGREE TO COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND POLICIES BY DOING ANY OF THE FOLLOWING: (A) GIVING US A WRITTEN OR ELECTRONIC SIGNATURE, OR TELLING US ORALLY THAT YOU ACCEPT; (B) ACTIVATING OR CONTINUING SERVICE; (C) USING YOUR SERVICE AFTER YOUR SERVICE IS ACTIVATED OR YOU MAKE A CHANGE OR ADDITION TO YOUR SERVICE; (D) PAYING FOR THE SERVICE; OR (E) FAILING TO ACTIVATE SERVICE WITHIN 30 DAYS AFTER THE PURCHASE OF YOUR WIRELESS DEVICE.. IF YOU ARE A NEW CUSTOMER AND YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT DO ANY OF THESE THINGS.. IF YOU ARE AN EXISTING CUSTOMER AND THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED TO YOU UNDER A PRIOR AGREEMENT AND YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MUST TERMINATE SERVICE AS SET FORTH IN THE PRIOR AGREEMENT ; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT IF YOU CHOOSE TO TERMINATE SERVICE YOU WILL STILL BE BOUND BY THE PRIOR AGREEMENT, INCLUDING YOUR OBLIGATION TO PAY ANY OUTSTANDING AMOUNTS AND YOUR AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES. IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, DO NOT ACTIVATE OR USE YOUR SERVICE, AND CONTACT METROPCS OR ITS AUTHORIZED DEALERS TO HAVE YOUR QUESTIONS ANSWERED.. We each agree that, except as provided below, any and all claims or Disputes between you and us, in any way related to or concerning the Agreement, our Privacy Policy, our Services, devices or products, will be resolved by binding arbitration. This includes any claims against other parties relating to Services or wireless devices provided or billed to you (such as our suppliers, Dealers or third party vendors) whenever you also assert claims against us in the same proceeding. "Dispute" shall be given the broadest possible meaning and shall include any dispute, claim, or controversy arising from or relating to this Agreement or Services and/or Products provided under this Agreement, including but not limited to: (1) all claims for relief and all theories of liability, whether based in contract, tort, statute, regulation, ordinance, fraud, or misrepresentation; (2) all disputes regarding the validity, enforceability or scope of this arbitration agreement (with the exception of its class action waiver); (3) all disputes that arose before this Agreement; (4) all disputes that arise after the termination of this Agreement; and (5) all disputes that are the subject of a putative class action in which no class has been certified. References in this provision to "us" include our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors, successors, and assigns and our and their directors, officers, employees and agents. References in this provision to "you" include all beneficiaries of this Agreement and all users of the Services provided under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may bring an individual action in small claims court or bring Disputes to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies, including, but not limited to, the Federal Communications Commission.. If you do not wish to be bound by this arbitration agreement, you must notify us of your desire to do so within 30 days of initiating Service, or, if you have never had the opportunity to opt out of arbitration, within 30 days of the date of the change notice giving you the opportunity. To do so, please visit www.metropcsdisputeresolution.com and follow the instructions on that site. Your decision to opt out of this arbitration agreement will not adversely affect our relationship with or delivery of Service to you. If you have previously notified us of your decision to opt out of this arbitration agreement, you need not do so again.. For all disputes, whether pursued in court or arbitration, you must first give us an opportunity to resolve your claim by sending a written description of your claim to the address in Section 16 below. We each agree to negotiate your claim in good faith. If we are unable to resolve the claim within 60 days after we receive your claim description, you may pursue your claim in arbitration. We each agree that if you fail to timely pay amounts due, we may assign your account for collection, and the collection agency may pursue, in small claims court, claims limited strictly to the collection of the past due amounts and any interest or cost of collection permitted by law or this Agreement.. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if we change this arbitration agreement, you may reject the change without terminating or adversely affecting your Service by notifying us in writing at the address set forth in the "Notices" section below within 30 days of the date of the change notice. If you do, you shall arbitrate any Dispute in accordance with the terms of this arbitration agreement. If you do not, you will be bound by the changes.. Because this Agreement and the Services provided under this Agreement concern interstate commerce, this arbitration agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act ("FAA").. The party initiating arbitration may choose from the following independent, impartial arbitration administrators:. Copies of their respective rules for consumer disputes and forms and instructions for initiating arbitration may be obtained by contacting them or visiting their websites. Any arbitration shall be conducted pursuant to the arbitration administrator's rules for consumer disputes in effect when the arbitration is initiated except to the extent they are inconsistent with this arbitration agreement. If the arbitration administrator will not enforce this arbitration agreement as written, the parties shall agree on or mutually petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a substitute arbitration administrator who will do so. The arbitrator shall enforce contractual, statutory and other limitation periods and shall honor claims of privilege recognized at law. Judgment upon any arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.. If we initiate the arbitration, we will notify you in writing at your then-current account address or (if your account is closed) the last address at which we contacted you. If you initiate the arbitration, you must notify us in writing at the address set forth in the "Notices" section below.. If your Dispute does not exceed $10,000, we will promptly reimburse your filing fee and will pay the arbitrator's other fees, costs and expenses. (If you cannot pay the filing fee, you may request that we pay the filing fee directly.) If, however, the arbitrator finds that your Dispute is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose, you shall reimburse the filing fee to us and the payment of the arbitrator's others fees, costs and expenses shall be governed by the arbitration administrator's rules.. You may hire an attorney to represent you in the arbitration proceeding and may recover your reasonable attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration to the same extent as you could in court if the arbitration proceeding is decided in your favor. We may hire an attorney to represent us in the arbitration proceeding but waive any right to recover our attorneys' fees and costs if the arbitration proceeding is decided in our favor.. Unless you and we agree otherwise in writing, any arbitration hearings will be held in the county of your then-current account address or (if your account is closed) the last address at which we contacted you.. If the arbitration provision applies or you choose arbitration to resolve your disputes, then either you or we may start arbitration proceedings. You must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent (see Section 16) to begin arbitration. The American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) will arbitrate all disputes. For claims less than $75,000, the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes will apply; for claims over $75,000, the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules will apply. The AAA rules are available at. Upon filing of the arbitration demand, we will pay all filing, administration and arbitrator fees for claims that total less than $75,000. For claims that total more than $75,000, the payment of filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules. An arbitrator may award on an individual basis any relief that would be available in a court, including injunctive or declaratory relief and attorneys’ fees. In addition, for claims under $75,000 as to which you provided notice and negotiated in good faith as required above before initiating arbitration, if the arbitrator finds that you are the prevailing party in the arbitration, you will be entitled to a recovery of reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs. Except for claims determined to be frivolous, Metro PCS agrees not to seek an award of attorneys’ fees in arbitration even if an award is otherwise available under applicable law.. WE EACH AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEEDINGS, WHETHER IN ARBITRATION OR COURT, WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR AS A MEMBER OF A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. If a court or arbitrator determines in an action between you and us that this Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, the arbitration agreement will be void as to you.. If you choose to pursue your claim in court by opting out of the arbitration provision as specified above, this Class Action Waiver provision will not apply to you. Neither you, nor any other customer, can be a class representative, class member, or otherwise participate in a class, consolidated or representative proceeding without having complied with the opt out requirements above.. If a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration,. WE EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL .. ARBITRATION INVOLVES A FAIR HEARING BEFORE A NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR RATHER THAN A JUDGE OR JURY. THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD DECLARATORY OR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY NAMED IN THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDING AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF WARRANTED BY THAT PARTY'S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM.. Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, or otherwise in this Agreement, neither party has the right to bring a Dispute or other legal action under this Agreement more than one (1) year after the Dispute arose.. If you terminate your Service, your termination will be effective at the end of your current month of Service (unless you port-out your number), and you will remain responsible for all fees and Charges for your Service and usage through the end of that period. If we terminate your Service, we will determine the date of termination, and you will be responsible for all usage and Charges through the date of termination. You can request that we port your number to another carrier, and Service for that number will be terminated when the porting is complete.. If you port your number, you will be responsible for all usage and Charges until the port-out is complete.. The Services are provided via Rate Plans under which you do not pay metered "per minute" charges for service. In an effort to offer this Service on a reliable basis, MetroPCS may discontinue providing Service to you, change the services provided to you, change your Rate Plan, reduce the speed of any service provided, restrict the amount of use of any service, change the services and features in your Rate Plan, discontinue your account, or discontinue or limit providing connections to particular telephone numbers, countries, destinations, providers, features, requested or called by you or the provision of certain services in certain areas, such as pursuant to roaming arrangements, or services that appear likely to generate abnormally high use, or other disproportionate use when compared to those of other customers of MetroPCS (as described below under Section 24 "Your Use Of The Service") or which may be harmful, disruptive, or interfere with MetroPCS' system or services to other customers. We may provide notice to you prior to taking any of the foregoing actions, but you acknowledge and agree that we are not required to provide notice and you agree that we may take any of the foregoing actions without providing notice you. By initiating service and placing calls or using any other service on the MetroPCS system, you acknowledge and agree to MetroPCS' ability to modify or terminate your Service under these circumstances.. For MetroPCS Device and accessory returns and exchanges, see the applicable return policy, which is available at your place of purchase. Amounts paid for Service charges are non-refundable.. If your Service is terminated for any reason and you have a positive balance in your Service account, you will not be entitled to receive any refund.. This Section describes how changes may be made to your Agreement, is subject to requirements and limitations imposed by applicable law, and will not be enforced to the extent prohibited by law. We may change the price and structure of your Rate Plan, modify the various Rate Plans, change the price of the various Rate Plans, change the services included in a Rate Plan, or change the requirements of eligibility for Rate Plans, at any time without prior notice to you. You may designate others to manage or make changes to your account ("Authorized Users"). You and any Authorized Users on your account will have access to all account information. If you give your personal account validation information to someone, they can access, and may be able to make changes to your account just as you can, including incurring charges for which you are responsible. Those changes will be binding on you. MetroPCS takes no responsibility for changes made to your account by any Authorized User.. With respect to domestic long distance, roaming, international long distance, and any other service provided by us (or to us by third parties), we may change the locations and destinations where such Services may be used or where calls can be placed or placed in specific Rate Plans, or the rates and terms applicable to such locations and destinations, without prior notice to you. Certain charges may be imposed by third parties and MetroPCS may, as an accommodation, allow such charges to be paid through MetroPCS.. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO ACCEPT THESE RATE PLAN CHANGES. IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO ACCEPT THE RATE PLAN CHANGES, YOU MUST NOTIFY US IN WRITING WITHIN TEN (10) DAYS OF THE DATE OF THE CHANGE THAT YOU WISH TO TERMINATE SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT NOTIFY US THAT YOU WISH TO TERMINATE SERVICE WITHIN THAT TIME AND/OR IF YOU CONTINUE TO USE THE SERVICE AFTER THE RATE PLAN CHANGES, YOU ACCEPT THE CHANGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY TERMINATION, AMOUNTS PREVIOUSLY PAID ARE NON-REFUNDABLE.. We may change this Agreement at any time. If you are an existing customer, you will be notified at least ten (10) days, unless a longer period is required, in advance of any proposed changes that may result in more restrictive terms or conditions in this Agreement. Any such changes to this Agreement will be effective after that time period.. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO ACCEPT THE CHANGES. IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO ACCEPT THE CHANGES, YOU MUST NOTIFY US IN WRITING WITHIN TEN (10) DAYS OF THE DATE OF THE CHANGE NOTICE THAT YOU WISH TO TERMINATE SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT NOTIFY US THAT YOU WISH TO TERMINATE SERVICE WITHIN THAT TIME AND/OR IF YOU CONTINUE TO USE THE SERVICE AFTER NOTIFICATION OF THE CHANGES, YOU ACCEPT THE CHANGES.. * Your Wireless Device and Compatibility with Other Networks and Equipment. You may buy a wireless device to use on our Service from us or someone else, but it must, as solely determined by us, comply with Federal Communications Commission regulations, be certified for use on our network, and be compatible with, and not potentially harm, our Service or our network. Our Services will only work with wireless devices compatible with our network and not all services are available with all wireless devices or on all networks. Some features and Rate Plans will be available only on MetroPCS wireless devices purchased from us. At times we may remotely change your wireless device's software, applications or programming, without notice to address security, safety, or other issues that impact our network or your device. These changes will modify your wireless device and may affect or erase data you have. stored on your wireless device, or how you have programmed or use your wireless device. A MetroPCS wireless device is designed to be used only with our service and on our network. Your wireless device may not work with another wireless network, or the other wireless carrier may not accept your wireless device on its network. If your wireless device was purchased from MetroPCS or an authorized MetroPCS dealer, the wireless device has a software programming lock that will prevent the wireless device from operating with other compatible wireless telephone carriers' services. Please see www.metropcs.com/unlockpolicy for information regarding our software programming unlocking policy. Your wireless device may contain sensitive or personal information. MetroPCS is not responsible for any information on your wireless device, including sensitive or personal information. If possible, you should remove or otherwise safeguard any sensitive or personal information when your wireless device is out of your possession or control, including, but not limited to, relinquishing, exchanging, returning or recycling your wireless device. By providing your wireless device to us, you agree that our employees, contractors or vendors may access all of the information on your wireless device.. Service is limited to the operating range, spectrum, and capacity of our, or our roaming partners’, wireless system in your service area. Your Service area is the area depicted in the coverage map available to you when you activated Service and may change from time to time without notice. Since MetroPCS uses different spectrum in different areas of the country, service may not be available on all wireless devices in all areas. We may, but are not obligated to, provide notice when you are being served by a carrier other than ourselves. The specific network coverage you get will depend on the radio transmissions your wireless device can receive and use, and the Services you have chosen. Specific Services may not be available on all wireless devices at all points in time due to wireless device hardware and/or software, changes to our network, network infrastructure, cessation of specific Services, or service by carriers other than ourselves. Except for 911 calls and any "roaming" service to which you have subscribed, you will not be able to use your wireless device outside of your service area for any calls, including local, long distance and international calls. Further, since services outside MetroPCS' area are provided by third parties, not all services may work outside your service area. Service depends on over-the-air radio transmissions. Our coverage maps provide high level estimates of our coverage areas when using Services outdoors under optimal conditions. Coverage is not available everywhere and depends on the Service purchased and the wireless device used. Service speeds are not guaranteed and actual speeds will vary. Estimating wireless coverage, signal strength and Service speed is not an exact science. There are gaps in coverage within our estimated coverage areas that may result in dropped and/or blocked connections, slower Service speeds, or otherwise impact the quality of Service. Many factors beyond our control affect your ability to make and receive calls on your wireless device, the quality of those calls, and the speed of your Service including, but not limited to, your location, the conditions of the atmosphere, terrain, nearby buildings and other structures, network capacity issues, system outages, failure of equipment to operate as expected, spectrum used, problems that occur with service we purchase from third parties, system upgrades, performance of system maintenance, accidents, network problems, network or Internet congestion, software, signal strength, your wireless device, weather, geography, topography, server speeds of the websites you access or other events outside of our control. As a result, sometimes Service, including calls or attempted calls to emergency services like 911, may be unavailable, interrupted or may fail, and the quality of calls may sometimes be poor.. MetroPCS takes no responsibility for Service interruptions or problems caused by factors beyond our control. Any statements by MetroPCS, its employees, representatives or agents about the coverage of our system are intended only to describe MetroPCS' approximate coverage in your service area. You should not interpret any such statement to mean that Service will be available or without interruption in any service area.. Location Based Services; Important Emergency and 9-1-1 Information; and Emergency Alerts. When making a 911 call, always state the nature of your emergency and provide both your location and phone number, as the operator may not automatically receive this information.. MetroPCS is not responsible for failures to connect or complete 911 calls or if inaccurate location information is provided. 911 service may not be available or reliable and your ability to receive emergency services may be impeded.. Services that rely on location information, such as E911, GPS navigation, and our wireless network depend on your wireless device's ability to acquire satellite signals and network coverage. Unlike traditional wireline telephones, depending on a number of factors (for example, where you are, whether local emergency service providers have upgraded their equipment, etc.), 911 operators may not know your telephone number, your location or the location of your wireless device. Other third party entities are involved in connecting a 911 call. MetroPCS makes no guarantee that emergency 911 calls will be routed to a specific Public Safety Answering Point ("PSAP") or any particular public safety organization (for example, police department, fire department, ambulance services, etc.). MetroPCS takes no responsibility for the acts or omissions of any PSAP or any public safety organization (for example, police department, fire department, ambulance services, etc.). In certain circumstances, an emergency call may be routed to a state patrol dispatcher or alternative location set by local emergency service providers. Enhanced 911 service ("E911"), where enabled by local emergency authorities, uses GPS or network technologies to provide location information. Even when available, however, E911 does not always provide accurate location information, and in some cases may not generate a location at all. If your wireless device is indoors or for some other reason cannot acquire a satellite signal, you may not be located. Some wireless devices have a safety feature that prevents use of the keypad after dialing 911. You should follow voice prompts when interacting with emergency service providers employing Interactive Voice Response ("IVR") systems to screen calls. While your wireless device is receiving a software update, you may be unable to use your wireless device in any manner until the software update is complete. If you are porting a phone number to or from us, we may not be able to provide you with some Services, such as 9-1-1 location services, while the port is in process. Your wireless device may require you to elect to use location based services, or you may choose to use location based services, other than E911. If you elect to use non-E911 location based services, you agree that we may use the location information transmitted from your wireless device to improve our location services. Your personal, biographical and calling information will not be used by us. By electing to use location based services, you agree and authorize us to send targeted, location based information to your mobile device and also to use or provide to third parties your location information in an aggregate form.. MetroPCS has chosen to offer wireless emergency alerts, within portions of its coverage area, on wireless alert capable Devices. There is no additional charge for these wireless emergency alerts. For details on the availability of this service and wireless emergency alert capable Devices, please visit https://www.metropcs.com/terms-conditions/wireless-emergency-alerts.html .. * Data Plans and Other Features. Depending on your Rate Plan, your usage of Data Access may be metered by Us. Your Rate Plan may include a Data Access usage limit, such as 2 GB per service cycle. We shall determine in our sole discretion what data usage constitutes Data Access and reserve the right to alter, make additions to or deletions to what type of data usage, or protocols, constitute Data Access without notification to you. Data Access may include, for example, multimedia streaming and video on demand services, as well as certain multimedia uploads, downloads and gaming services and applications. Uploads are data sessions where the data is transferred from your Wireless Device to some other computer or wireless device, while downloads are data sessions where the data is transferred from some other computer or wireless device to your Wireless Device. Depending on your Rate Plan, certain usages may not count against your Data Access limit. Data Access does not include any data services or uses which are prohibited by Us under this Agreement, such as in the MetroWEB Terms of Use. Data Access usage includes, but is not limited to, the actual data sent and received along with overhead, header packets, and may include other information sent in connection with a data session in which Data Access occurs. Data Access on networks not owned by us, such as when you are roaming, may not be available or may be further limited. Charges and availability are based on the location of the cell site receiving and transmitting the Data Access service and not your location.. The absolute capacity of the wireless data network is limited. Accordingly, Data Access is only provided for prescribed purposes and pricing for Data Access is device dependent and based on the transmit and receive capacity of each device. A Data Access pricing plan designated for one type of device may not be used with another device. Compatible data-enabled wireless devices are required.. You acknowledge and agree that your Data Access usage and speed may vary depending on certain factors outside of our control. Such factors may include the amount of users on the service, network congestion, the distance to the serving cell site, the number of users served by your serving cell site, the management of backhaul at the serving cell site, any application(s) you are using for your data session, the screen size of your Wireless Device, the bit rate(s) of your data session, the type(s) and amount(s) of compression used by the computers or wireless devices involved in the data session, and any error(s) that might occur in the data session. We also manage our network to facilitate the proper functioning of services that require consistent high speeds, such as video calling, which may, particularly at times and in areas of network congestion, result in reduced speeds for other services. Additionally, we may implement other network management practices, such as deploying streaming video optimization technology and prioritizing all Smartphone Mobile Hotspot (tethering) data below on-device data. This technology is intended to manage data usage on the network, reduce the risk of streaming video stalling and buffering, and reduce the amount of high-speed data consumption used for streaming video.. Streaming video optimization improves streaming video reliability as well as makes room for other users to enjoy higher browsing speeds.. The streaming video optimization process is agnostic as to the streaming video content itself and to the website that provides it.. While most changes to streaming video files are likely to be indiscernible, the optimization process may minimally impact the appearance of the streaming video as displayed on a user’s device. These practices operate without regard to the content itself or the source of the content, and do not discriminate against offerings that might compete against those offered by MetroPCS on the basis of such competition. In order to assess your usage during an applicable service cycle, you may obtain approximate usage information by using one of our automated systems. Any application on your Wireless Device which describes the amount of data usage does not necessarily reflect your usage of Data Access. We may provide a meter for your use in one or more locations accessible by you. Any meter provided for your use may deliver readings higher or lower than your actual Data Access usage, or deliver readings that are higher than your actual Data Access usage because of the units of measurement used by Us. Any reading delivered by any meter we provide for your use will have inherent inaccuracies and may not provide up to the minute or second accuracy. Further, any reading delivered by any meter We provide for your use may only be completely accurate if your Wireless Device is turned off and not transmitting or receiving any data from any data session.. MetroPCS reserves the right to manage our network and the traffic on our network in the way we believe best benefits our customers and best enables us to maintain Service of the nature described in this Agreement. We have determined that our ability to provide Service to our customers is disrupted when you place an abnormally high number of calls, repeatedly place calls which result in abnormally long call lengths, high or disproportionate use, or otherwise use our Services or network in excess of our expectations for the normal amount of use by our customers. Other examples of prohibited uses can be found in Section 17. If you use your service in a manner that could interfere with other customers’ service, affect our ability to allocate network capacity among customers or degrade service quality for other customers, we may suspend, terminate, or restrict your Service.. Some elements of multimedia messages may not be accessible, viewable, or heard due to limitations on certain wireless phones, PCs, or e-mail. We reserve the right to change the multimedia message size limit at any time without notification. Text message notifications may be sent to non-multimedia messaging subscribers if they subscribe to text messaging. You may receive unsolicited messages from third parties as a result of visiting Internet sites, and a per-message charge may apply whether the message is read or unread, solicited or unsolicited.. To differentiate the services we sell, at times and at locations where there are competing customer demands for network resources, we give the data traffic of customers who choose T-Mobile-branded services precedence over the data traffic of customers who choose non-T-Mobile-branded services such as MetroPCS.. Where the network is lightly loaded, a MetroPCS customer will notice little, if any, effect from having lower priority. This will be the case in the vast majority of times and locations. At times and at locations where the network is heavily loaded in relation to available capacity, however, MetroPCS customers will likely see reductions in data speeds, especially if they are engaged in data-intensive activities. Customers on Rate Plans and Devices with 4G capability should, for example, be aware that these practices may occassionally result in speeds below those typically experienced on our 4G LTE and HSPA networks. MetroPCS constantly works to improve network performance and capacity, but there are physical and technical limits on how much capacity is available, and at constrained locations, the frequency of heavy loading in relation to available capacity may be greater than at other locations. When network loading goes down or the MetroPCS customer moves to a location that is less heavily loaded in relation to available capacity, the MetroPCS customer‘s speeds will likely improve. See www.metropcs.com/openinternet for details.. MetroPCS also reserves the right to restrict, or otherwise prevent access to services, countries, carriers, destinations that MetroPCS determines, in its sole discretion, are inconsistent with the nature of Service provided by MetroPCS, are indicative of uses not permitted hereunder, or result in abnormally long calls, or abnormally high usage. We also may block calls to telephone numbers at the request of the called party.. You can purchase Content and Applications (for example, downloadable, streaming or networked applications, wallpapers, ringtones, games, productivity tools and video) ("Content and Apps") for and with your compatible wireless device. Some Content and Apps that you can purchase with your wireless device are not sold by MetroPCS and for such Content and Apps, you can identify the third party seller at the point of purchase. MetroPCS is not responsible for such Content and Apps, including download, installation, use, transmission failure, interruption, or delay, or any content or website you may be able to access through the Content and Apps. Any support questions for such Content and Apps should be directed to the third party seller identified at the point of purchase. When you download or install any Content and Apps sold by a third party seller, you may be subject to license terms between you and the third party seller and Content and Apps creator/owner. When you use, install, display, run, or listen to Content and Apps that you purchase from MetroPCS, the Content and Apps are licensed to you by MetroPCS and may be subject to additional license terms between you and the creator/owner of the Content and Apps. Whether purchased from MetroPCS or a third party seller, any Content and Apps you purchase are licensed for personal, lawful, non-commercial use on your wireless device only. You may not transfer, copy, or reverse engineer any Content and Apps, or alter, disable or circumvent any digital rights management security features embedded in the Content and Apps. Content and Apps may not be transferable from one wireless device to another wireless device. You understand and agree that the Content and Apps contain the intellectual property of third parties. You understand and agree that the Content and Apps are protected by law (including copyright law) and are solely for your personal, non-commercial use. You agree to comply with all applicable laws (including copyright law), and may only make such copies as are reasonably necessary for your personal and non-commercial use. You agree that any other redistribution, reproduction, transmission, communication, sale, use (including, except in the case of Ringtones, as a "ringer" for a telephone), broadcast, public performance, rental or lending, adaptation, sub-license or other use of the Content and Apps without the prior written consent of the copyright owner is prohibited. You understand and agree that all rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by the applicable content owner.. Your location can be identified while using GPS applications. It is your responsibility to notify Authorized Users that their location can be identified while using GPS applications. If you use a third party application, the application may access, collect, use or disclose your personal information or require MetroPCS to disclose your information, including location information (when applicable), to the application provider or some other third party. If you access, use or authorize third party applications through the Services, you agree and authorize MetroPCS to provide information related to your use of the Services or the application(s). You understand that your use of third party applications is subject to the third party's terms and conditions and policies, including the third party's privacy policy. You agree that any Authorized User may access, use or authorize MetroPCS or third party location-sensitive applications through the Services. You understand that your use of such location-sensitive applications is subject to the application's terms and conditions and policies, including its privacy policy. If you activate location-sensitive services for wireless devices used by other Authorized Users, you agree to inform the Authorized User(s) of the terms of use for location-sensitive applications and that the wireless device may be located. For additional information on location-sensitive services, see our Privacy Policy at our website.. Your wireless device may connect to another provider’s network (“Off-Net”) even when you are within our service area. Our Services and Rate Plans are designed for you to use your Service each month predominantly using our networks. You must use your wireless device predominantly within the MetroPCS owned network coverage area. If your minutes of use, text messaging usage, or data usage are not predominantly on our networks ("Off-Net Usage"), or are excessive, abnormally high, or cause MetroPCS to incur too much cost, MetroPCS may, at its option and sole discretion, limit or terminate your service, deny your continued use outside the areas served by our network or on other carriers' coverage, or change your Rate Plan. MetroPCS will provide you with advance notice that it intends to take any of the above actions.. Nationwide roaming requires multi-band wireless devices and is not available with single-band wireless devices, certain other wireless devices, or to customers residing outside their home area. Data services and certain features (for example, Voicemail, Caller ID, Call Waiting, Location Services, etc.) may not be available in all roaming areas. The term "roaming" typically refers to coverage on another carrier's network that we may make available to you based on our agreements with other carriers. These agreements may change from time to time and roaming coverage and available services are subject to change without notice. Your ability to roam depends on the radio transmissions your wireless device can receive and use, and the availability of roaming coverage. We make no guaranty that roaming coverage will be available. Roaming coverage may exist both within and outside our network coverage areas. Depending on your Services, separate charges or limits on the amount of minutes used while roaming may apply. We may, but you agree we are not obligated to, provide you with notice when you are roaming. YOU AGREE TO HOLD METROPCS HARMLESS AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, ACTIONS, OR OTHER CAUSES OF ACTION (INCLUDING ACTIONS BY THIRD PARTIES) ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR ATTEMPTED USE OF THE SERVICE.. You agree to pay for all charges for Service ("Service Charges"), including, but not limited to the following: (1) recurring monthly or weekly access charges; (2) charges and taxes for optional Service features that you select, including long distance and directory assistance (411) calls and other optional features, such as ringtone downloads; (3) any Service reconnection charges that may apply, such as a reactivation fee; and (4) all applicable taxes and regulatory charges whether assessed directly on you or us; provided, however, that for certain tax inclusive Rate Plans, only applicable taxes and regulatory charges may be included in the Rate Plan price. You must pay all taxes, fees and surcharges set by federal, state and local governments. To determine taxes, fees and surcharges, we will use the street address you identified as your Place of Primary Use ("PPU"). If you did not identify the correct PPU, or provided an address that is not a recognized street address, such as a PO Box, does not identify the applicable taxing jurisdictions or does not reflect the Service area associated with your telephone number, you may be assigned a default PPU for tax purposes. You acknowledge and agree that a default PPU may affect your ability to receive E-911 assistance and you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless for any claims relating to your failure to provide a valid PPU. In addition, if you are not on a tax-inclusive plan, you agree to pay all regulatory administration charges ("Regulatory Administration Charges"), which may include, but are not limited to, Federal Universal Service, various regulatory charges, our administrative charges, gross receipts charges, margin taxes, and charges for the costs we incur in complying with governmental programs. Regulatory Administration Charges are not taxes and are not required by law. We set these charges, and the amounts and what they include may change without notice. They are rates we choose to collect from you and are kept by us in whole or in part. The number and type of Regulatory Administration Charges may vary depending upon the PPU of the wireless device and can change over time. We determine the rate for these charges and these amounts are subject to change as are the components used to calculate these amounts. Changes to taxes, fees and surcharges will become effective as provided by the taxing authority and changes to Regulatory Administration Charges shall be effective immediately. You are responsible for all Charges to your account, whether or not you were the user of the wireless device. If your wireless device gets lost or stolen, you agree to notify us immediately, so we can suspend your Service to prevent someone else from using it. After your Service is suspended, you will not be responsible for additional usage charges incurred in excess of your Rate Plan Charges, applicable taxes, fees, and Surcharges. If you request that we not suspend your Service, you will remain responsible for all usage, Charges incurred, and applicable taxes and fees. We may prevent a lost or stolen wireless device from registering on our and other networks. Wireless access to corporate/employee email may require additional server or server access, licenses, or additional requirements which may incur additional charges. By requesting wireless access to corporate/employee email, you agree to pay any of these additional charges.. Certain parties besides MetroPCS have the ability to place charges on your bill for their services. You may access these services and authorize the placement of charges on your bill through your phone or online account. MetroPCS also provides customers, at no additional cost, with the ability to restrict the placement of charges for third-party services on your account. Contact customer care at 1-888-8metro8 or go to. Service Charges must be paid in advance and are due before the first day of your service cycle. Service Charges cannot be paid in arrears. Unless otherwise specified in your Rate Plan, monthly service cycles are approximately 30 days long. The dates of your monthly or weekly service cycle and other dates related to your account may change from time to time. You must promptly notify us of any change in your billing address. As a convenience, you may authorize recurring payment of your Service Charges through a credit or debit card or bank transfer authorization; this authorizes us to charge all amounts you owe us to the credit or debit card or bank transfer authorization up to five (5) days prior to the due date and to demand immediate payment from the card or debit issuer or bank. Unless required by law, we will not give any additional notice to you or obtain additional consent from you before charging Service Charges to that credit or debit card. You must promptly notify us of any change in the credit or debit card or bank transfer authorization you want to use for payment. You may also make a payment by credit or debit card online at www.metropcs.com or through the automated MetroPCS IVR. In addition, you may pay your Service Charges by sending a check or money order by mail to P.O. Box 5119, Carol Stream, Illinois, 60197-5119, or by bringing cash, check, or money order in person to any MetroPCS store or authorized payment center. You may be required to pay an additional service charge, depending on the payment method you choose. This information is available at MetroPCS.com. In addition, we may charge an additional fee up to the maximum amount permitted by law for any check or other negotiable instrument tendered by you and returned unpaid by a financial institution for any reason. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to require that you pay your Service Charges with cash, certified check, cashier's check, or money order. We also reserve the right to report any check returned to us to reporting and credit agencies and law enforcement.. * Your right to Dispute Charges.. Your payment will be considered late if we do not receive it before the first day of the service cycle for which the payment is due. If you do not make all payments when they are due, you will be in default under this Agreement, and MetroPCS will be entitled to exercise any rights it may have under this Agreement, including the suspension or termination of Service to you. If we accept a late or partial payment, even if you mark the payment "paid in full," we do not waive our rights to suspend or terminate your Service or any other rights we may have. If your Service is terminated and you promptly pay amounts that are overdue, MetroPCS, in its sole discretion, may reconnect your Service after you have paid any reconnection fees we have imposed. In such case, your service cycle anniversary date will not change, which will result in fewer days of service for that month. If you have a dispute regarding the Charges to your account, or about the Services provided to you, you agree to notify us of the dispute within 60 days after the date you first receive the disputed Charge ("Dispute Period"), unless otherwise provided by law. If you do not notify us of your dispute in writing within the Dispute Period, you have waived such claim and will be forever barred and estopped from raising, or making a claim for such dispute and you may not pursue a claim in arbitration or in court. Unless otherwise provided by law, you must pay disputed Charges until the dispute is resolved. If you accept a credit, refund or other compensation or benefit to resolve a disputed Charge, you agree that the issue is fully and finally resolved and such credit shall act as an accord and satisfaction. In the event of a lost or stolen wireless device, for Charges incurred before you notify us, you are not liable for charges you did not authorize, but the fact that your wireless device or service was used is some evidence of authorization. You may request that we investigate Charges you believe were unauthorized. We may ask you to provide information and you may submit information to support your request. If we determine the charges were unauthorized, we will credit your account. If we determine the charges were authorized, we will inform you within 30 days and you will remain responsible for the charges.. You expressly consent to be contacted, by MetroPCS or anyone calling on its behalf, for any and all purposes, at any telephone number, or physical or electronic address where you may be reached, including any wireless telephone number. You agree that MetroPCS may contact you in any way, including, pre-recorded or artificial voice or text messages delivered by an automatic telephone dialing system, or e-mail messages delivered by an automatic e-mailing system. You agree that we also have the consent to contact any Authorized User on your account for Service or payment related reasons. Any such notice will be treated as provided to you when left with you, on your wireless device, on your answering/voicemail service, or by email or fax to any email or fax number you provided to us, or 3-days after mailing to your last known address as shown in our records. Your consent to be contacted may be revoked only if it is in writing and is with MetroPCS’s express agreement. You must notify us of any address changes. Failure to notify us of a change in your address constitutes a breach of this Agreement and grounds for possible suspension or termination of your Service. If you have any questions regarding your Service or information in this Agreement, you may contact our Customer Care department at. www.metropcs.com , by calling 1-888-8metro8, or by writing us at MetroPCS, P.O. Misuse of Service or Device .. By activating or renewing Service with MetroPCS, you agree that you do so because you want Service from MetroPCS and not for any other purposes. You agree not to misuse the Service or Device, including but not limited to: (a) reselling or rebilling our Service; (b) using the Service or Device to engage in unlawful activity, or in conduct that adversely affects our customers, employees, business, or any other person(s), or that interferes with our operations, network, reputation, or ability to provide quality service, including, but not limited to, the generation or dissemination of viruses, malware or “denial of service” attacks; (c) using the Service as a substitute or backup for private lines or dedicated data connections; (d) tampering with or modifying your MetroPCS Device; (e) "spamming" or engaging in other abusive or unsolicited communications, or any other mass, automated voice or data communication for commercial or marketing purposes; (f) reselling MetroPCS Devices for profit, or tampering with, reprogramming or altering MetroPCS Devices for the purpose of reselling the MetroPCS Device; (g) using the Service in connection with server devices or host computer applications; (h) using applications which automatically consume unreasonable amounts of available network capacity; (i) using applications which are designed for unattended use, automatic data feeds, automated machine-to-machine connections, or applications that are used in a way that degrades network capacity or functionality; or (j) assisting or facilitating anyone else in any of the above activities. Unless authorized by MetroPCS, you agree that you won't install, deploy, or use any regeneration equipment or similar mechanism (for example, a repeater or signal booster) to originate, amplify, enhance, retransmit or regenerate a transmitted RF signal and, unless authorized by MetroPCS, you agree that you will not use a telephone number on the MetroPCS network for any purpose but for access to the public switched telephone network.. MetroPCS also reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to exclude from your Service, 9xx, 7xx, 5xx, and 8xx telephone numbers as well as other telephone numbers or services. We also may block calls to telephone numbers at the request of the called party.. You can't use our Services: (a) in a way that could cause damage or adversely affect any of our other customers or our reputation, network, property or Services; or (b) in any way prohibited by the terms of our Services, the Agreement or our Policies. We can take any action to: (1) protect our network, our rights and interests, or the rights of others; (2) optimize or improve the overall use of our network and Services; or (3) prevent usage that is indicative of uses not permitted hereunder. Some of these actions may interrupt or prevent legitimate communications and usage, such as message filtering/blocking software to prevent spam, viruses, or autodialed calls or SMS messages.. For additional information on what we do to protect our customers, network, Services and equipment, see our Privacy Policy, MetroWEB Terms of Use, and Online Terms of Use at our website at. We use filters to block spam messages, but we do not guarantee that you will not receive spam or other unsolicited messages, and you agree that we are not liable for such messages. You agree that a violation of this Section harms MetroPCS, which cannot be fully redressed by money damages, and that we shall be entitled to immediate injunctive relief in addition to all other remedies available without the requirement to post a bond.. You agree you will not use our messaging services to send messages that contain advertising or a commercial solicitation to any person or entity without their consent. You will have the burden of proving consent with clear and convincing evidence if a person or entity complains you did not obtain their consent. Consent cannot be evidenced by third party lists you purchased or obtained. You further agree you will not use our messaging service to send messages that: (a) are bulk messages; (b) are automatically generated; (c) can disrupt our network; (d) harass or threaten another person; (e) interfere with another customer's use or enjoyment of our Services; (f) generate significant or serious customer complaints; (g) that falsify or mask the sender/originator of the message; or (h) violate any law or regulation. We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to deny, disconnect, suspend, modify and/or terminate your messaging service or messaging services with any associated account(s), or to deny, disconnect, suspend, modify and/or terminate the account(s), without notice, as to anyone using messaging services in any manner that is prohibited. Our failure to take any action in the event of a violation shall not be construed as a waiver of the right to enforce such terms, conditions, or policies. Advertising and commercial solicitations do not include messaging that: (1) facilitate, complete, or confirm a commercial transaction where the recipient of such message(s) has previously agreed to enter into with the sender of such message(s); or (2) provides account information, service or product information, warranty information, product recall information, or safety or security information with respect to a commercial product or service used or purchased by the recipient of such message. Although it is illegal for unauthorized people to intercept wireless device calls intended for others, MetroPCS cannot guarantee the complete privacy of your calls. Wireless calls by nature may be intercepted by third parties. METROPCS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INTERCEPTION BY THIRD PARTIES OF COMMUNICATIONS FROM ITS SYSTEM. Additionally, MetroPCS does not necessarily encrypt your calls.. You agree that a violation of this Section harms MetroPCS, which cannot be fully redressed by money damages, and that MetroPCS shall be entitled to immediate injunctive relief in addition to all other remedies available.. Our Rights to Limit or End Service or the Agreement.. WE MAY LIMIT, SUSPEND OR TERMINATE YOUR SERVICE OR AGREEMENT WITHOUT NOTICE FOR ANY REASON, including, but not limited to: (1) if you, any user of your wireless device, or any user on your account: (a) breaches this Agreement; (b) lives in an area where we don’t provide Service; (c) have Off-Net Usage which makes it uneconomical for us to provide Service to you; (d) resells your Service; (e) uses your Service for any purpose or in any way not permitted under this Agreement or for any illegal purpose, including uses that violate trade and economic sanctions and prohibitions promulgated by any U.S. governmental agency or engages in conduct that adversely affects our customers, employees, business, or any other person(s), or that interferes with our operations, network, reputation, or ability to provide quality service; (f) tampers with or modifies your wireless device; (g) engages in "spamming" or other abusive or unsolicited communications; (h) resells MetroPCS wireless devices for profit, or tampers with, reprograms or alters wireless devices for the purpose of reselling the wireless device; (i) installs, deploys or uses any regeneration equipment or similar mechanism (for example, a repeater) to originate, amplify, enhance, retransmit or regenerate an RF signal without our permission; (j) steals from or lies to us; (k) interferes with our operations; (l) fails to follow our Policies; (m) provides false, inaccurate, dated or unverifiable identification or credit information; (n) modifies a wireless device from its manufacturer specifications; (o) fails to use our Services for an extended period of time; (p) fails to maintain an active wireless device in connection with the Service; (q) attempts to transfer Service to another person without our consent; (r) misuses your Service or wireless device; (s) uses your Service or wireless device in a manner that is excessive or unusually burdensome; (t) uses your service other than predominantly on our networks; (u) uses our Service in a way that exceeds our stated Policies for use; or (v) assists or facilitates anyone else in any of the above activities. You agree that you, any user of your wireless device or any account manager on your account won't (1) install, deploy, or use any regeneration equipment or similar mechanism (for example, a repeater) to originate, amplify, enhance, retransmit or regenerate a transmitted RF signal, unless authorized by Us; (2) threaten, harass, abuse, offend or use vulgar and/or inappropriate language toward our representatives or any person whom you call or contact using our Service; (3) interfere with our operations; (4) "spam," or engage in other abusive messaging or calling; (5) modify your wireless device from its manufacturer's specifications; or (6) use your Service in a way that negatively affects our network or other customers. We can also temporarily limit your Service for any operational or governmental reason; or if we have reason to believe that you are using our Service for any fraudulent, obscene, illegal, harassing, commercial or abusive purpose, such as for the transmission of or access to pornography or other services or materials that are obscene, cater to a prurient interest in sex, are patently offensive or are without redeeming social value, or if we believe the action protects our interests, any customer's interests or our network. MetroPCS is not required to provide you with any notification before suspending, restricting, or terminating your Service. We may impose usage or other limits to your Service, suspend your Service, or exclude certain types of calls, messages or sessions (such as international, 900 or 976 calls), in our sole discretion and without notice. If you promptly pay amounts that are overdue or cure any other breach of this Agreement, MetroPCS, in its sole discretion, may reconnect your Service after you have paid any reconnection fees we have imposed. In addition, you may terminate Service at any time by notifying us in writing at the address listed in Section 16 "Notices".. You agree not to infringe, misappropriate, dilute or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights or goodwill of MetroPCS or any third party. Except for a limited license to use the Services or wireless devices arising from the sale of a product, your purchase of MetroPCS wireless devices and Services does not grant you any license or right to copy, modify, reverse engineer, download, redistribute, or resell the intellectual property of MetroPCS or others related to the Services and MetroPCS wireless devices (or other wireless devices), which may be used only with MetroPCS Service unless expressly authorized in writing by MetroPCS. You agree that a violation of this Section harms MetroPCS, which cannot be fully redressed by money damages, and that MetroPCS shall be entitled to immediate injunctive relief in addition to all other remedies available. In conjunction with our rights under Section 18, it is MetroPCS’ policy, in appropriate circumstances and in its sole judgment, to suspend, or terminate the Service of any subscriber, account holder or user who is deemed to be a repeat or blatant infringer of copyrights.. Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") Notice. If you believe that material residing on our system or network infringes the copyright of you or any third party for whom you are authorized to act, notify us by using the notice procedure under the DMCA and described at https://www.t-mobile.com/Company/CompanyInfo.aspx?tp=Abt_Tab_ConsumerInfo&tsp=Abt_Sub_CopyrightDMCA and http://es.t-mobile.com/DMCA.htm for T-Mobile’s Spanish website. After receiving notice, we may remove or disable access to any infringing material as provided for in the DMCA. There are substantial penalties for sending false notices.. Our Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use and share information related to your use of our Service and is available online at. We may change our Privacy Policy at any time to provide updates to or clarification of our practices. You should refer to our Privacy Policy often for the latest information and the effective date of any changes. In providing service to you, MetroPCS will receive information classified as "customer proprietary network information" or “CPNI” under federal law that is considered confidential, such as information regarding your usage of the Service, the technical configuration of such Service, the destination of telephone calls you make and the type of services you purchase. MetroPCS may use this information for certain purposes without further disclosure or consent, including the following: to provide you with Service; to market service offerings to you related to the Services you purchase; or to protect you, other MetroPCS users, MetroPCS and other carriers from fraud, abuse or unlawful use of its Service, and in aggregate not personally identifiable form to provide other Services. MetroPCS also may share such information with its affiliates, contractors, dealers, and third party agents for the limited purpose of making available to you communications-related offers and information that may be of interest to you. You have the right under federal law to request MetroPCS not to disclose your confidential information for the purpose of mailing communications-related offers, and MetroPCS has the duty to honor any such request. You may "opt out" of disclosure of your CPNI to MetroPCS affiliates and third party agents for the purpose of mailing communications related offers by sending a request in writing to: P.O. Opting out will not affect MetroPCS' provision of Service to you. Additional information regarding our use of CPNI and other subscriber information is set forth in our Privacy Policy, which we incorporate herein by reference.. * Disclaimer of Warranties: Wireless Devices, Accessories, and Retailed Equipment. METROPCS DOES NOT MANUFACTURE WIRELESS DEVICES OR RELATED ACCESSORY EQUIPMENT. YOUR WIRELESS DEVICES AND RELATED ACCESSORY EQUIPMENT COME WITH A SEPARATE WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY FROM THE MANUFACTURER. STATEMENTS BY METROPCS OR METROPCS EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS REGARDING THE WIRELESS DEVICES OR RELATED ACCESSORY EQUIPMENT SHOULD NOT BE INTERPRETED AS A WARRANTY BY METROPCS. METROPCS MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT YOUR WIRELESS DEVICES OR ANY RELATED ACCESSORY EQUIPMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THIS DISCLAIMER DOES NOT DEPRIVE YOU OF ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST THE MANUFACTURER. WITHOUT LIMITATION, METROPCS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH: (1) THE MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY; (2) ANY ACTIONS OR OMISSIONS OF THE MANUFACTURER; OR (3) ANY MALFUNCTION OR FAILURE OF THE WIRELESS DEVICE OR RELATED ACCESSORY EQUIPMENT.. METROPCS AND ITS VENDORS AND SUPPLIERS ("METROPCS PARTIES") MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH, ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS WILL OCCUR FROM TIME TO TIME AND AGREE TO HOLD THE METROPCS PARTIES HARMLESS FOR ALL SUCH INTERRUPTIONS. IN NO EVENT SHALL METROPCS PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ECONOMIC LOSS, PERSONAL INJURIES, OR PROPERTY DAMAGE SUSTAINED BY YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING FROM USE OF THE SERVICE OR THIS AGREEMENT. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT YOUR COMMUNICATIONS WILL BE PRIVATE OR SECURE; IT IS ILLEGAL FOR UNAUTHORIZED PEOPLE TO INTERCEPT YOUR COMMUNICATIONS, BUT SUCH INTERCEPTIONS CAN OCCUR.. * Exclusive Remedy; Waivers and Limitations of Liability.. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR (i) OUR, OR OUR DEALER'S, AGENT'S, REPRESENTATIVE'S, VENDOR'S, SUPPLIER'S, OR OTHER CARRIER'S FAILURE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH SERVICE, OR METROPCS' FAILURE TO PERFORM HEREUNDER SHALL BE YOUR RIGHT TO HAVE METROPCS RE-PERFORM SUCH SERVICE; OR (ii) UNLESS THE LAW FORBIDS IT IN ANY PARTICULAR CASE ANY FAILURE, MALFUNCTION, OR DEFECT RELATED TO, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DEVICE, HANDSET, OR OTHER EQUIPMENT OR PRODUCT SUPPLIED OR PROVIDED BY US, SHALL BE YOUR RIGHT TO HAVE METROPCS REPAIR, OR HAVE REPAIRED, REPLACE, OR HAVE REPLACED, SUCH DEVICE, HANDSET, OR OTHER EQUIPMENT OR PRODUCT. UNLESS THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SET FORTH IN THE PREVIOUS SENTENCE IS PROHIBITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE TO LIMIT CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES OR OTHER MONETARY RELIEF AGAINST THE METROPCS PARTIES, OR ANY SUPPLIER, AGENT, DEALER, REPRESENTATIVE, CARRIER, VENDOR OR MANUFACTURER, TO THE LESSER OF: (A) YOUR DIRECT DAMAGES; OR (B) THE PRORATED MONTHLY OR OTHER CHARGES YOU PAID OR OWE US FOR THE APPLICABLE SERVICE OR WIRELESS DEVICE FOR ONE MONTH'S SERVICE CHARGES. AS A MATERIAL PART OF THE CONSIDERATION PAID BY YOU FOR THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY METROPCS OR ANY SUPPLIER, AGENT, DEALER, REPRESENTATIVE, CARRIER, VENDOR OR MANUFACTURER OF METROPCS, UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION HEREOF, YOU AGREE THAT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES ARE WE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, TREBLE, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, OR COST OF REPLACEMENT PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT THE SAME MAY BE DISCLAIMED BY LAW. THIS MEANS THAT NEITHER OF US WILL SEEK ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, TREBLE, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES FROM THE OTHER. THIS EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, LIMITATION AND WAIVER ALSO APPLIES TO ANY CLAIMS EITHER PARTY MAY BRING AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY TO THE EXTENT THAT IT WOULD BE REQUIRED TO INDEMNIFY THAT PARTY FOR SUCH CLAIM. THIS LIMITATION AND WAIVER WILL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER FRAUD, MISREPRESENTATION, BREACH OF CONTRACT, PERSONAL INJURY, NEGLIGENCE, PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER THEORY. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOREGOING ALLOCATION OF RISK SHALL, IN THE EVENT OF METROPCS' INABILITY, DESPITE GOOD FAITH EFFORTS, TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES OR THE PRODUCTS, REMAIN IN EFFECT REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES PROVIDED FOR UNDER THIS SECTION THEN SATISFY THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSES FOR WHICH THETY WERE INTENDED, OR OTHERWISE PROVIDE YOU WITH A FAIR QUANTUM OF RELIEF.. You agree that neither we nor our vendors, suppliers or licensors are responsible for any damages resulting from: (a) any action or omission by a third party; (b) providing or failing to provide Services, including, but not limited to, deficiencies or problems with a wireless device or network coverage (for example, dropped, blocked, interrupted Services, etc.); (c) traffic or other accidents, or any health-related claims relating to our Services; (d) data content or information accessed while using our Services; (e) an interruption or failure in accessing or attempting to access emergency services from a wireless device, including through 911, Enhanced 911 or otherwise; (f) interrupted, failed, or inaccurate location information services; (g) information or communication that is blocked by a spam filter; and (h) damage to your wireless device or any computer or equipment connected to your wireless device, or damage to or loss of any information stored on your wireless device, computer, equipment, or MetroPCS storage space from your use of the Services or from viruses, worms, or downloads of malicious content, materials, data, text, images, video or audio. You agree we aren't responsible for problems caused by you or others, or by any act of God or other events beyond our control, including acts of God (for example, weather-related phenomena, fire, earthquake, hurricane, etc.), riot, strike, war, terrorism or government orders or acts. You also agree we aren't liable for missed or deleted voice mails or other messages, or for any information, such as pictures, that gets lost or deleted if we service your wireless device. If another wireless carrier is involved in any problem (for example, while you're roaming), you also agree to any limitations of liability in its favor that it imposes. You should implement appropriate safeguards to secure your wireless device, computer or equipment and to back-up your information stored on each.. * Your Use Of The Service and Indemnification.. You agree to use the Service in accordance with this Agreement and to comply with all applicable laws. YOU AGREE TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY, AND HOLD HARMLESS METROPCS FROM ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, USE OF THE SERVICE OR YOUR DEVICE, YOUR ACTS OR OMISSIONS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY VIOLATION BY YOU OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE POLICIES, OR OF ANY APPLICABLE STATUTES, ORDINANCES, LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF ANY LOCAL, STATE, OR FEDERAL AUTHORITY, YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR DEVICE AND ANY INFORMATION YOU SUBMIT, POST, TRANSMIT OR MAKE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICE, FAILING TO PROVIDE APPROPRIATE NOTICES REGARDING LOCATION-SENSITIVE SERVICES, FAILURE TO SAFEGUARD YOUR PASSWORDS, BACKUP SECURITY QUESTION TO YOUR PASSWORD OR ANY OTHER ACCOUNT INFORMATION, OR THE RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY. MetroPCS may deny a request for Service from you for any lawful reason. MetroPCS also reserves the right to cease serving you if you are not acting in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the Policies, to disconnect calls that are not in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the Policies, and to cease providing services that are inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the Policies and the nature of the Service.. A waiver of any part of this Agreement in one instance is not a waiver of any other part or any other instance and must be expressly provided in writing. If we don’t enforce our rights under any provisions of the Agreement, we may still require strict compliance in the future. Except as provided in Section 2, if any part of this Agreement is held invalid that part may be severed from the Agreement. You can't assign this Agreement or any of your rights or duties under it without our written consent. We may assign all or part of the Agreement or your debts to us without notice. Upon its transfer or assignment of this Agreement, MetroPCS shall be released from all liability with respect to this Agreement. This Agreement is the entire agreement between us and defines all of the rights you have with respect to your Service or wireless device, except as provided by law, and you cannot rely on any other documents or statements by any sales, service representatives or other agents. If you purchase a device, services or content from a third party, you may have a separate agreement with the third party; MetroPCS is not a party to that agreement. Any determination made by us pursuant to this Agreement, shall be in our sole reasonable discretion. Paragraphs marked “ * ” continue after termination of our Agreement with you.. This Agreement is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state in which your billing address in our records is located, without regard to the conflicts of laws rules of that state. Arbitration or court proceedings must be in the county and state in which your billing address in our records is located, but not outside the U.S. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid under the law of a particular jurisdiction, that provision will not apply in that jurisdiction.. TTY (also known as TDD or Text Telephone) is a telecommunications device that allows people who are deaf or hearing-impaired or who have speech or language disabilities to communicate by telephone. If you have a digital wireless device that is TTY-compatible, it is possible to make calls, including 911 calls, with a TTY. If you have questions concerning the capabilities of your wireless device, please contact us toll-free at 1-888-8metro8.. Risk of Loss or Damage to Wireless Devices. Upon your acceptance of delivery of your wireless device, all risk of loss, damage, theft, or destruction of your wireless device is borne by you. In the event of any loss, damage, theft, or destruction of your wireless device, in whole or in part, you are responsible for purchasing a replacement wireless device from MetroPCS at your expense, and you remain responsible for your obligations under this Agreement, including, without limitation, your responsibility for the payment of Service Charges.. "Premium Handset Protection" is an equipment insurance program provided by Old Republic Insurance Company and administered by Asurion Insurance Services, Inc. Phone Recovery features are available as well on select phones. Premium Handset Protection brochure available at any participating retail location or. for complete Terms and Conditions of Coverage. Premium Handset Protection Terms and Conditions of Coverage are subject to change. "Premium Handset Protection" may not be available in all states and eligibility varies by wireless device.. If you file a billing-related claim with the Consumer Affairs Branch ("CAB") of the California Public Utilities Commission you must, within 24 hours of filing, inform us by writing to the Customer Service address set forth below. If we resolve your dispute, you agree to withdraw your claim with the CAB.. Start of Service Form/Rate Plan/Coverage Brochure. The Rate Plan selected by you determines the charges for the Services. The Start of Service form may identify the Rate Plan you have chosen and set forth the charges you are required to pay for Service, including monthly or other cyclical access fees, as well as any applicable surcharges or other fees. If you did not receive a Start of Service form, you can find details on the Rate Plan, services, or features you selected by visiting our stores, authorized dealers, or at. Unused Rate Plan allotments, bundles, or buckets expire at the end of your service cycle and do not roll over to the next service cycle. We will determine what types of Service and Rate Plans are available to you. The Rate Plan to which you subscribe when you initiate Service, as modified by us from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, will remain in effect for the term of your Service until or unless we change your Rate Plan or you choose to subscribe to a different Rate Plan, if available to you. If we offer more than one Rate Plan in your area and you wish to change the Rate Plan to which you subscribe, you may contact us to request a change in your Rate Plan to any other Rate Plan for which you are eligible. Rate Plan changes may not be effective immediately, and you may be required to pay to make such changes.. This Agreement shall be contingent upon our verification and approval of certain information about you. We reserve the right to deny or limit the provision of Service on the basis of any information that we gather. We may require that you provide us with additional or updated information we reasonably need to determine if you qualify for Service, to manage the Service, or to determine if you are using the Service in accordance with this Agreement. If you do not provide us the information we request within the time period that we specify, we may choose not to provide Service to you, or, if you are an existing customer, we may suspend or terminate Service to you. You warrant and represent that all information furnished to us by you is current, complete, accurate and true as of the time you provide it, and you will update it as necessary to keep it complete, accurate, and true. At any time, we may take any action that we believe necessary to verify or review your account activity or information you provide to us, including: (1) verification of your account information; (2) review of your use of Services and of your account to help assess the Services we provide and the performance of our systems; and (3) investigation of suspected prohibited use or violation of this Agreement or the Policies. We may share information we gather about you as provided elsewhere in this Agreement and in our Privacy Policy which is available at www.metropcs.com. or by writing to us at the address in Section 16 "Notices". We also may share your information, including your personal information and customer proprietary network information, with any person who may purchase our business.. You (the account holder) may password protect your account information by establishing a personal identification number ("PIN"). You may also set a backup security question and answer in the event you forget your PIN. You agree to protect your PIN, passwords and other account access credentials like your backup security question from loss or disclosure. It is your sole responsibility to protect your account by creating a password that is unknown to any other person. This password should never be shared nor should it be written down and kept in a place that is accessible to others. Should you feel that your password has been compromised you should immediately call MetroPCS to change your password. You further agree that MetroPCS may, in our sole discretion, treat any person who presents your credentials for account access as you or an Authorized User on the account for the purposes of disclosure of information or changes in your Rate Plan or Service.. We will assign a telephone number (the "Number") to your wireless device. You do not own nor have any rights to the Number or any personal identification number ("PIN") that you may use in connection with your Service, except for any right you may have to port the Number to another carrier. We also may assign an Internet Protocol address ("IP Address") to your wireless device. You do not own or have any rights to the IP Address. We can change, reassign, or eliminate any Number or PIN by giving you notice and your IP Address without giving you notice. If your account is deactivated, we can reassign the Number or IP Address without giving you any notice. You may not assign the Number, PIN or IP Address to any wireless device, other equipment or to any other party except as approved by us. If you assign the Number, PIN or IP Address to any wireless device, other equipment or to any other party without our approval, we reserve the right to terminate your Service. You can request that we port your number to another carrier, and Service for that number will be terminated when the porting is complete.. If you port your number, you will be responsible for all usage and Charges until the port-out is complete.. If you port a Number to us, please be aware that we may not be able to provide some services right away, such as 911 location services. You may be required to purchase a new wireless device and you may be without Service for some period of time. MetroPCS may charge a fee to reimburse MetroPCS for the costs MetroPCS incurs to meet the equipment, technology and infrastructure requirements necessary to enable number porting. MetroPCS may also charge a fee to reimburse MetroPCS for the cost MetroPCS incurs to perform a port. As a standard service feature, MetroPCS transmits your Number, account name, and address with each call or data session you make from your MetroPCS wireless device. Your account name, Number, and IP Address may be displayed on the telephone or other device of the party called if that person uses caller identification. Your Number and location may also be transmitted to public safety officials if you dial 911 or other emergency service numbers. Your name and Number for most calls can be blocked on a call-by-call basis by dialing *67 before the telephone area code and telephone number (on certain devices there may be a different number). In addition, you may elect to have your name and Number permanently blocked, at no charge, by sending a request in writing to: MetroPCS, P.O. You must accept the terms and conditions to continue.. We are experiencing technical issues right now. Please call us at 1-888-8metro8 for immediate personal assistance.. Unable to update terms and conditions.. Please enter the following text code into the field below and select CONTINUE to Proceed.. Requires new version of Adobe Flash Player. Meet the ZTE Blade Z Max, with two rear-facing cameras to take pictures like a pro.. 6.0" Full HD display with 2.5D Dragontrail glass. 16MP + 2MP dual rear cameras with LED flash for a greater sense of image depth and 8MP front-facing camera. 32GB internal memory / 2GB RAM. XX +TAX. While we refill our online inventory, this product may be available at your local MetroPCS Store. Thanks, you are on the list!. We will email you if the make/model is available for purchase on metropcs.com. If you'd rather not wait, you can check your local MetroPCS store for availability.. 32GB internal memory (ROM) with up to 21GB user available user memory. Expandable to 128GB with microSD card (sold separately). 16MP + 2MP dual rear cameras with LED flash for a greater sense of image depth and 8MP front-facing camera. Up to 31 hours of talk time. Up to 528 hours of standby time. Travel charger with USB data cable. View accessories specifically for this phone.. California Proposition 65 WARNING: This product contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause birth defects and other reproductive harm.. % of the reviewers recommend this product.. Your session will expire after 5 min.. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... Dimensions 6.54 x 3.33 x 0.33 inches (166.1 x 84.6 x 8.4 mm). Weight 6.17 oz (175 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials Main body: Plastic; Accents: Aluminum. Features Fingerprint (touch), Touch sensitive control keys. Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features Scratch-resistant glass (Dragontrail), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features Dual-camera (2-megapixel), Autofocus (Phase detection). Software Features Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Camcorder 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps). Octa-core, 1400 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time 31.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time 22.0 days (528 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features Album art cover, Background playback. GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. LTE (FDD) Bands 2, 4, 5, 12. Data LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSDPA+ (4G) 42.2 Mbit/s. Other features Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. Features Mass storage device, USB charging. Other VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. FCC ID value: SRQ-Z982 link. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.. Simplified Case Keeps Up With Your Life. Protect your device with the ZTE Blade Z MAX case that's made for busy lives: Achiever Series. Its two-layer design protects against drops while its thin form slides into your pocket to keep pace with your life.. OtterBox invests in the future through the OtterCares Foundation, promoting innovative education that inspires kids to become entrepreneurs and philanthropists. Drop protection: keeps your phone safe from drops, bumps and tumbles. Dual-layer: soft inner and hard outer layers absorb and deflect impacts. Slim design: sleek profile easily slips into pockets and purses. ZTE Blade Z MAX Achiever Series Case Reviews - page 2. ZTE Blade Z MAX Achiever Series Case is rated. Rated 2 out of. I received this a couple of weeks ago. The product is well made but sizing is generic. I needed one for ZTE Max phone. Information stated it fit this phone. In reality, only fits type of phone not the various models that fall under it. Camera is partially covered as well as fingerprint reader.. Rated 3 out of. Pros : OtterBox reputation and protection. Cons : hard plastic she'll is wayyyy too slippery when placed on a flat surface and feels slippery when held in hand. A rubberized coating would give it a 5 star rating. Only one case for this model. It would be nice if there were options.. Rated 1 out of. dose not work with my screen protector. Rated 4 out of. Would like to see one in a slimmer version. It looks like you are based in. To ship to please visit .. Sign up to receive social promotions. Thanks for signing up! Want to tell us more about yourself? >>. Please enter a valid email address. Otter Products, LLC, All Rights Reserved. *Source: The NPD Group/Retail Tracking Service: Cell Phone Device Protection/Units Sold/Jan. 
The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week.. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse.. 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone.. by Mike Lubrano October 5, 2017. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.. Main camera performs very well for a budget/mid range device. Face detection on front facing camera. Large 4080 mAh battery offers great battery life. Large software feature set for budget device. Size makes it a two-handed phone. Dual lens camera modes suffer from lack of quality. Video is unstabilized and on board microphone performs very poorly. 2 GB of RAM causes some bottlenecks in performance. The best thing about the Blade Z Max, besides its price, is its outstanding battery life. Among its impressive feature set, it delivers a good display and an excellent finger scanner. But despite having a dual camera, only the main shooter is remarkable - the poorly implemented dual-lens modes aren't worth your time. Definitely consider if you're on a budget.. With the rise of the ultra-premium smartphone , some current generation flagships are hitting all time price-highs. Fortunately, some OEMs have continued to focus on and improve things at the lower end of the price spectrum as well.. Today’s budget-friendly smartphones are as affordable and reliable as ever, but what can we really expect from a device that costs just a tenth of what some of the highest-end offerings will set you back? Let’s find out what theÂ. The first thing is striking about the the Blade Z Max is its size. Its design is reminiscent of a time before the screen-to-body ratio defined a phone and ultra-large displays were squeezed into relatively compact bodies.. The thick upper and lower bezels are particularly glaring, though they provide plenty of finger room while holding the device in landscape orientation. After using a few near bezel-less phones recently, I have to say that this is actually a comfort that I kind of miss.. Given how affordable it is, the Blade Z Max manages to pull off a rather appealing aesthetic, with what seems like a lot of attention to detail. It lacks premium materials, but doesnât feel cheap. The durable plastic back comes with a textured honeycomb design, providing much needed grip to an otherwise large and unwieldy phone. While the frame is also made of plastic, it features a metallic finish to give the phone a premium look.. Given how affordable it is, the Blade Z Max lacks premium materials, but doesnât feel cheap.. Taking a look around the device, everything seems to be the appropriate place. The volume rocker and the textured power button are on the right. The headphone jack and the USB-C port are at the bottom. The SIM card and microSD card combo tray is to the left. The single speaker unit can be found on the back.. One of the highlights of the Blade Z Max is its huge 6-inch IPS LCD display that comes with a Full HD resolution and resulting pixel density of 367 ppi. It’s not be a contender for sharpest smartphone display, but it is extremely capable in its own right.. Colors are accurate and quite vivid. The brightness is enough to allow for comfortable outdoor viewing. There isn’t much, if any, light bleed in low-light situations. Darker shades appeared to be uniform across the display. The front of the phone is covered with a 2.5D scratch resistant glass panel that provides some protection and a touch of style with the finger-friendly smooth, rounded edges.. Under the hood, the ZTE Blade Z Max comes with an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 processor. Everything runs as smooth as can be expected. The device takes advantage of its stock-like software experience to keep things snappy.Â. Apps may take a touch longer to load, but aside from that, the overall performance has been pretty good.. With only 2 GB of RAM, the Blade Z Max is hardly a multi-tasking powerhouse.. The Adreno 505 GPU holds its own for gaming. I didn’t see much in the way of dropped frames or laggy gameplay, even with the performance settings set to maximum in many cases.. One thing that may be a point of contention is the fact that the device comes with only 2 GB of RAM and therefore is hardly a multi-tasking powerhouse. However, there weren’t many instances where the lack of RAM resulted in poor performance. You could bog things down and cause unwanted refreshes by keeping a lot of apps open at the same time, but you should have no complaints with average usage.. The Blade Z Max comes with 32 GB of built-in storage that is further expandable via microSD card up to an additional 128 GB.. While the phone’s single speaker unit gets decently loud, its rear-firing placement isn’t ideal and the audio quality itself isn’t the best. There is very little low to mid-range presence which unfortunately results in an overall thin and tinny listening experience.. Also within easy reach on the back is the fingerprint scanner. This sensor is without a doubt one of the best I’ve used with a performance that rivals far more expensive phones out there. The scanner is extremely accurate and quick to unlock the device. It never failed to read my fingerprint. The fact that you get this kind of fingerprint sensor performance with an ultra-affordable smartphone is truly a testament to how advanced biometric technology has become.. One of the advantages of such a large smartphone is how much room it has for a battery, and the Blade Z Max is no exception with its 4,080 mAh unit. The phone can easily provide a full day of use and you may even be able to push that to two days with average usage. The large battery will take a while to fully charge, but support for Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 helps it along.. The ZTE Blade Z Max can easily provide a full day of use with its 4,080 mAh battery.. The standout feature of the ZTE Z Blade Max is definitely its cameras, with this being one of very few budget smartphones to feature a dual camera setup on the back.. There is a respectable 8 MP front-facing shooter, which comes with a fairly standard field of view and a few different ways to take a selfie. Apart from the shutter button, you can take a shot with a tap of the fingerprint scanner, or by simply smiling in the frame. A beauty mode is available for smoothing out skin tone and blemishes. A small picture-in-picture window also functions as a viewfinder to allow for the rest of the screen to be used as a flash.. On the back is a dual camera setup comprised of a 16 MP main sensor that is paired with a 2 MP secondary unit that allows for artificial depth of field style effects, similar to what is available with some higher-end phones.. In normal shooting conditions, the image quality is about what you would expect from an affordable device with a mid-range camera. It is capable of taking some decent looking shots in well-lit situations with images that are sharp, with a good amount of detail.Â. However, the color reproduction, dynamic range, and the ability to shoot in low-light suffers a bit.. In normal shooting conditions, image quality is about what you would expect from an affordable device.. The shutter speed is also not the fastest, so you will need a steady hand. The phone takes a even longer to process each image when using its burst mode.. Available shooting modes include panorama, time lapse, and multi-exposure. There is also a rather robust manual mode, which is something that you don’t usually see in this price range. You get granular control over aspects like ISO, exposure, white balance, and focus, and the built-in horizon level is a nice inclusion. Also available is a histogram to further fine tune your shots, and you also have the option to shoot using different metering modes and resolutions.. Selecting the dual lens option brings up the portrait, bokeh, and monocolor modes. The much-sought-after portrait mode will let you snap a shot, and the phone will process the image and add the background blur for you.. Unless you frame the shot perfectly, this is pretty much what you can expect most of the time. There is also no way to make adjustments to the image in any way.. On the other hand, the bokeh mode offers more control over how much background blur is added. There’s an f-stop slider at the bottom, which imitates what your depth of field would look like with different apertures. The nice thing is that you can make this adjustment even after the photo is taken. The level of control here is good to have, but unfortunately, the overall performance is quite similar to what you get with the portrait mode.. The camera is definitely capable of getting the shot right, but more often than not, it is dependent on the shooting scenario and requires a lot of patience. The dual camera setup may not be at the same level as its higher-end counterparts, but for now, it is a pleasant indication of what the future has in store for budget phone cameras.. On the software side of things, the Blade Z Max is running Android 7.1.1 Nougat out of the box and ZTE has opted to keep the UI very close to stock Android. Software features like split screen have been implemented well and allow you to make full use of the large display.. Other notable inclusions are the ability to double tap the power button to quickly launch the camera, the option to swap the positions of the capacitive navigation keys, being able to use the capacitive home button as a notification light, and using the fingerprint scanner to directly open apps from standby.. 1920 x 1080 resolution, 367 ppi. Processor 1.4 GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 processor. expandable via microSD up to 128 GB. Camera 16 MP + 2 MP dual rear cameras. Dimensions 166.1 x 84.6 x 8.4 mm. The ZTE Blade Z Max brings a lot to the table with its dual camera setup,Â. fingerprint scanner, large display, and even larger battery. The only small thing about this device is its price point. While initially launched at a very affordable $130, the device is currently available from MetroPCS for just $99!. This is certainly an ambitious smartphone from ZTE, and while it may not excel at all that it tries to offer, it succeeds a lot more than it fails. Regardless of the results, by introducing some usually high-end features in this price range, it is only going to encourage more manufacturers to follow suit.. Your source for all things Android!. Â© 2018 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.. 
http:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ articles/ article.php? a=19584. Review: ZTE Blade Z Max for MetroPCS. Looking for the biggest possible screen on the least expensive smartphone? The Blade Z Max may be what you seek, thanks to its IMAX-sized display, insane battery, dual cameras, and affordable price point. Here is Phone Scoop's review of ZTE's latest Android handset for MetroPCS.. ZTE has cornered the market on inexpensive, big-screened Android handsets. The Blade Z Max is ZTE's latest offering for MetroPCS customers and it includes a massive 6-inch display, fingerprint reader, and dual cameras, all at an affordable price point.. The ZTE Blade Z Max is an absolutely huge plastic slab. The phone borrows from ZTE's more conservative design ethos in that it is adorned in blacks, grays, and silvers. The size certainly helps the phone stand out a bit, but otherwise it comes across as somewhat boring and nondescript.. ZTE opted for a nice piece of curved-edge glass for the front. The frame — which wraps all the way around the outer profile — has a metallic finish to it but isn't actually metal. ZTE cut the frame with chamfers along the edges, but the polycarbonate can't shine the way metal would. The rear panel is somewhat unique. It's mostly flat, though it bends slightly near the side edges. The material is rubbery and has a honeycomb pattern to help give the phone some grip. You're going to need some big pockets to tote the Blade Z Max around. It measures more than 6.5 inches tall and 3.3 inches wide. It dwarfs even large phones like the Galaxy Note8 and the iPhone 8 Plus. To call it a two-handed device would almost be an understatement. It's a bit heavy, too, so you'll always know it's in your jeans when walking around. If you have small hands, or prefer one-handed devices (which I admit are *really* hard to find these days), then the Blade Z Max may be too much phone for you.. ZTE didn't cheap out on the materials. The front panel, made from Dragontrail Glass, is perfectly smooth and formed along the edges. I wish the frame were metal and not plastic, but the plastic certainly seems strong enough. The outer components are assembled tightly. Nothing about the phone feels flimsy or insignificant. The Blade Z Max's 6-inch display is certainly not "bezel-free", though it's par for this class of phone. The display consumes the majority of the front surface. The user-facing camera is easy to spot. The chin is a bit thicker than the forehead and holds three capacitive buttons for interacting with the Android UI. The home button is a small circle, while the back and multi-task buttons are tiny dots. All three light up and vibrate when touched. You'll find the screen lock and volume buttons on the right edge of the Blade Z Max. The physical profiles are excellent, making them all a cinch to find. The screen lock button has a rough texture to help differentiate it from the volume controls. This trio of controls functions really well. The SIM tray is tucked into the left edge. The tray also accommodates a microSD memory card.. ZTE is one of the few phone makers that has adopted USB-C on its affordable models. I'm happy to see USB-C on the Blade Z Max, but it may require you to update your cables. ZTE was kind enough to install a standard 3.5mm headphone jack on bottom edge.. ZTE glued the rear panel into the frame, sealing the battery inside. ZTE positioned the fingerprint reader right where it needs to be, in the upper half of the rear panel. It's a breeze to find without looking. I'm glad the camera module doesn't protrude from the surface.. Like many of ZTE's recent handsets, the Blade Z Max is for those specifically seeking the biggest screen possible. I'm happy to report that ZTE did a commendable job putting this phone together. It may be humongous, but the hardware is made of fine components and assembled perfectly.. The Blade Z Max has a 6-inch screen with full HD (1080p) resolution at the traditional 16:9 aspect ratio. The display is bright, colorful, and accurate. Pixel density is (just) good enough at this size. The display is fantastic for watching video content, or multitasking with two apps. Viewing angles are decent for an LCD screen. Brightness is fine most of the time, but visible fingerprints get in the way when outdoors.. The Z Max isn't the best option for VR thanks to the resolution and LCD technology.. I tested it around the New York City area and found it performed on par with other MetroPCS-branded phones.. MetroPCS is a T-Mobile company, and so uses T-Mobile's network. The Z Max held onto T-Mobile's LTE network everywhere I took it, and was able to hit decent data speeds under a variety of signal conditions. I didn't run into any trouble streaming music over the network, but watching HD YouTube videos via LTE sometimes ran into buffering issues. Browsing the web and content-rich social media apps worked well.. The phone connected nearly all calls on the first dial and only dropped one on the highway while I tested it during a long drive.. The Blade Z Max is a fine voice phone. The earpiece pushes clear voices with plenty of volume. I was able to enjoy conversations at home and even in the car with the volume set to medium levels. I had to turn it up when walking on city streets or sitting in a busy coffee shop. High volumes introduced a small amount of distortion, but it wasn't too bad. People I spoke to through the Blade Z Max said I sounded "close by.". It offers bright, punchy voice tones at medium volumes that are audible in spaces such as your home or office. Cranking it up does impact quality a bit, but you can easily hear calls in a moving vehicle.. Ringers and alert tones always got my attention. Few phone batteries are as large as the one found in the Blade Z Max. This ridiculous 4,080 mAh power supply gives the Blade Z Max all the battery life anyone could ask for. The phone consistently pushed through a day and a half on a single charge. Sometimes it lasted a full two days. You can't expect much more from any modern handset. Even on days when I used the phone intensely, it still had at least 40% battery capacity left at the end of the day.. The Z Max supports Quick Charge 2.0 and the included charger will power it up relatively quickly. The phone does not support wireless charging.. ZTE did a fine job tuning the Blade Z Max's secondary radios. The handset paired and connected with headphones, speakers, and my car's hands-free system with no issue. Call quality through my car was surprisingly good, but music came across as rather flat when streamed to a speaker.. I was pleased with the Blade Z Max's GPS performance. It ran Android Auto perfectly when I sojourned into NYC for an afternoon. It kept up with my real-time position and helped me avoid a road clogged by construction. Accuracy was as good as about 25 feet and the phone required less than 5 seconds to pinpoint me on the map.. The Blade Z Max does not have NFC.. It does include an FM radio. As long as you use a pair of wired headphones (a common requirement), you can enjoy your local FM stations in stereo.. Hands On with the ZTE Blade Z Max. This follow-up to the affordable ZMAX Pro keeps the huge 6-inch screen, while upgrading a few key specs. It has a premium metal-frame design, fingerprint reader, huge battery, and dual-lens main camera.. Top Five Budget Handsets of 2017. Not everyone has the means or the desire to spend $1000 on a smartphone. There's good news: phone makers spent 2017 shoring up their ranks of budget-friendly devices, which now offer an incredible amount of performance for the dollar.. ZTE Blade Z Max Brings 6-Inch Display to MetroPCS for $129. ZTE and MetroPCS today announced the Blade Z Max, a successor to last year's Z Max smartphone. ZTE is making greater use of its Blade branding on value handsets in the U.S., which is why the new phone adds "Blade" to its name.. As the end of the year approaches so too does the season of giving. Holiday gifting lists are often filled with technology, but it isn't always easy to find that perfect item.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat.. 2 GB RAM 4,080 mAh battery. Memory Card Slot, Headphone Jack (3.5mm), Fingerprint Reader. You must log in to post.. No luck with the ZTE Blade Z Max. This phone has been nothing but a nuisance since I purchased it in November. I've had it factory reset 3 times to no avail!😡 It freezes up on me often. Will shut down on me while on the phone. Most of the time I can't even open up the apps that I've installed.I wished that I had not given any thought of purchasing this crappy phone! A trac phone works better than this piece of phone!. After 3 new warranty phones and the Metro PCS store saying that these phones are "Crap", I can not advise anybody to purchase any product from ZTE!!! Metro gave me an old model Alcatel Fierce phone and it has been very good!! I plan to upgrade to the new Alcatel phone very soon!! I just wish they had a 6 inch phone!!!. I got the zmax pro and never had any problems.. Just letting people know so they don't waste money because these phones are not cheap in price,.. But if this new phone is anything like the last ZTE ZMAX, Then don't get it, I have nothing but problems with this phone, loses calls, turns off when it wants, freezes so you have to turn it off and back on, the sound stops working at the ear but works at bottom back, and when other people call me I can hear them but they say they can't hear me, so they hang up. When you take the phone to get check and they run there test, I hear sorry we can't find nothing wrong with the phone..what a joke, we can afford to buy a new phone every time you have problems with the Phone you already bought.... Previous ZMax was a bug trap. I almost lost my job over it. Volume was sometimes non functional on either end of a call at random, calls and texts would not arrive or would come in/arrive at other end much later, outgoing texts w... This phone is not worth the money it does cut off freezes and slow as buffering the speaker is very very low it keep disconneting from my car or any Bluetooth. I can't wait to change phone. Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Comment: Used - Good: This item shows wear from consistent use, but it remains in good condition and works perfectly. It has some minor scratches a dents and show other signs of previous use. It Comes with High quality aftermarket charger only.. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. 1-Year Unlocked Cell Phone Accidental Protection Plan. Coverage for drops, spills and product malfunctions. Free shipping on all repairs with $25 deductible. Cancel anytime, full refund in the first 30 days. SquareTrade Protection Plans are only valid for new products purchased at Amazon within the last 30 days. ZTE BLADE Z MAX Z982 4G LTE Metropcs. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. Ships from and sold by Easy-services .. These items are shipped from and sold by different sellers. This item: ZTE BLADE Z MAX Z982 4G LTE Metropcs $169.99. Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. Ships from and sold by Easy-services.. ZTE Blade Z MAX Case, ZTE Sequoia Case With [Full Edged Tempered Glass Screen Protector],IDEA LINE… $5.99. Sold by IDEA LINE.INC and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. ZTE Blade Z Max Case, ZTE Blade Zmax Pro 2 Case, ZTE Sequoia Glitter Case with HD Screen Protector… $8.88. Sold by XiBoLang and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Zte Blade Z Max Z982 4G Lte Unlocked Metropcs, T-mobile, At&t , Usa & International. ZTE Blade Z MAX Case, ZTE Sequoia Case With [Full Edged Tempered Glass Screen Protector],IDEA LINE(TM) Heavy Duty Protection Hybrid Hard Shockproof Slim Fit Cover - Black. ZTE ZMAX PRO Z981 4G LTE 13MP Smartphone (Metro PCS/T-Mobile). Zte Blade Spark Unlocked 4G LTE Fingerprint Reader 5.5 inch 13mp Flash 16GB Quad Core Unlocked Z971 Desbloqueado. ZTE Zmax 2 Z955A Factory Unlocked Smartphone, 5.5-Inch HD Display, 16 GB, 2GB RAM, 4G LTE, U.S. Zte Z Max Pro Z981 4G Lte 32GB Unlocked Metropcs, T-mobile, At&t , Usa & International. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. ZTE Blade Z MAX Case, ZTE Sequoia Case With [Full Edged Tempered Glass Screen Protector],IDEA LINE(TM) Heavy Duty Protection Hybrid Hard Shockproof Slim Fit Cover - Black. [2 Pack] Orzero For ZTE Blade Z Max / Z982 / Zmax Pro 2 / ZTE Sequoia Blade Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [ Full Coverage ] 2.5D Arc Edges 9 Hardness HD [Lifetime Replacement Warranty]-Black. ZTE Blade Z Max Case, ZTE Blade Zmax Pro 2 Case, ZTE Sequoia Glitter Case with HD Screen Protector,LeYi Bling Cute Girls Women Heavy Duty Protective Phone Case for ZTE Z982 TP Rose Gold. [2 PACK] Zmax Pro 2 / ZTE Sequoia Blade / Z982 / Blade Z Max Screen Protector, LK [Full Cover] Tempered Glass with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. ZTE Blade Z MAX Case, ZTE Sequoia Case (Z982) with FREE [Tempered Glass Screen Protector], NageBee [Frost Clear] [Carbon Fiber] Slim Soft TPU Rubber Cover Case For ZTE Blade ZMax Pro 2 (Black). Urberry ZTE Blade Zmax Pro 2 Case, ZTE Sequoia Case, ZTE Z982 Sparkling Glitter Case, Luxury Bling Case for ZTE-Z982. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 3.33 x 6.54 x 0.33 in. 5 x 9 x 6 in. 0.4 x 5.2 x 2.6 in. 0.38 x 6.09 x 2.96 in. ZTE BLADE Z MAX Z982 4G LTE Metropcs. ZTE Zmax 2 Z955A Factory Unlocked Smartphone, 5.5-Inch HD Display, 16 GB, 2GB RAM, 4G LTE, U.S. ZTE Z998 Unlocked GSM 4G LTE Dual-Core Android 4.1 Smartphone - Black. ZTE Axon Pro - Factory Unlocked Phone, 32 GB Phthalo Blue (U.S. BRAND NEW (METROPCS BRANDED) OCTA CORE ZTE BLADE ZMAX ( UNLOCKED) WORLD WIDE WORKS WITH ANY GSM NET WORK SUCH AS METROPCS, T-MOBILE, SIMPLE MOBILE, GO-SMART, H2O, ULTRA MOBILE, AT&T, LYCA MOBILE, BOX WAS OPENED TO UNLOCK WHATS INSIDE THE BOX USER`S MANUAL PHONE BATTERY BATTERY CHARGER USB CABLE NO SIMCARD NOT INCLUDED. 6.5 x 3.3 x 0.3 inches. 2 pounds ( View shipping rates and policies ). #80,423 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #1,593 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 47% 4 star 20% 3 star 7% 2 star 13% 1 star 13%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone, very sleek. Great phone, very sleek, easy to use, all the new bells and whistles and I appreciate that it did not cost me a car note to purchase.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Amazing phone for the price. Had a Samsung Galaxy Avant, but I was running out of storage space; I had a memory card, but a lot of apps that couldn't be saved to the card. Upgraded to this phone and I love it. This is a really great phone, with a lot of upgraded features for this price range. It's a big phone, but I really like how big it is, because my eyesight isn't great and it's so much easier to read text on this large screen. It has a scheduled do not disturb mode, so I'm not getting email/social media alerts while I'm trying to fall asleep, but can get them during the day, without having to turn them off and on twice a day. The camera is great and unlike my Samsung, there's no long pause after you press the button to take the picture; it instantly takes the picture. There are some cool effects with the dual cameras and settings to take pics in mirror image, comic, fisheye, picking out one color while the rest of the photo is black and white, and a bunch of others. The call quality is great, sound is clear. I use my phone a lot and I never have to charge it during the day. It's nice being able to go places and not worry about forgetting my charger. I had to recharge my Samsung about 3 times a day. I usually have about 35% battery left by the time I plug it in at night. I have had this phone for a little over a month and am really happy that I went with this phone. If you're like me and would never consider paying a thousand dollars for a phone, this is a really great option. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars but this phone looks and works like a Samsung Note. I went to Metro PCS and got the phone from them, but I didn't know about this phone at the time. I'm a Samsung man myself, but this phone looks and works like a Samsung Note. Its 4G fast and I have been loving it since I got it, and I only had it for 3 days now with no issues with it. Also, it take great pictures as well and the sound on it is loud.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 0 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Four Stars. Good phone exactly what i expected. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars A VERY good phone.. ruggedly built, very good camera, and the best battery I've seen yet. It has 32 gigs of memory and it's battery outlasts every other smartphone I've had. It's the first time in a long time I've been able to go a whole day without recharging it. I got up at 7 AM today and unplugged my phone from the charger. It's now 9:08 PM and my phone still has 41% of it's charge left. Based on use so far, it estimates it has 9 hours of use left on this charge. I have the screen set for a 5-minute timeout, and it says the screen is responsible for 28% of the power used so far. So it follows that if I had the screen set for a shorter timeout, the battery would last even longer. The Octa-core processor is probably at least partly responsible for it's excellent processing speed as well. It also has many built-in options for it's camera. The only complaint I have is the non-standard mini USB connector instead of the standard micro connector. Now I have to buy some new cables. But for the performance makes it well worth it.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Excellent large budget smartphone. I bought this phone from Metro PCS. Why? $99, and they set it up and taught me how to use it. I was in the market for a new phone as my old Grand Prime was never that good to me, very buggy. So as I am wont to do, I researched the hell out of budget smartphones and this was my choice after reading up on all of them. I was leaning toward the upgraded BLU R1 or R2 at first, but the ZMAX blows it away for the same price or cheaper. I have had it for a short time only, but it clearly is a much better phone than my Grand Prime and not only because it is newer technology, but because it is better designed. This falls into line with the reviews and tutorials I read about the cellphone industry right now; the cheap phones from the big names in general are not very good. Keep in mind with this phone you are tied to Metro PCS. In the Q and A they are saying the phone is unlocked but all the info I have says it is not, including the rep at the store and all the reviews I read. But for $36 a month for 1 gig of data or $57 a month for unlimited including insurance, what's not to like if you want a big phone? Some of the reviewers said it is too big to handle with one hand. I am a man with average sized hands, and no problem; it is very thin and only about seven tenths of an ounce heavier than smaller phones. I love this phone! Check the reviews. Update 01/17/18: Have had this phone for awhile now, and still think it is great. The only problem is if the screen times out when i am composing a text message, I have to hit the fingerprint scanner again to continue, and I have not figured out yet how to stop it. But it's easy and I am right back where I was; and I am sure it's a software issue. After researching the hell out of phones and working out some software issues that had nothing to do with the phone itself I have seen how people with much more expensive phones are having many issues that i have not had, so I am well pleased.. Was this review helpful to you?. 4.0 out of 5 stars Good Mega-Size Phone - $99 at MetroPcs Stores. The Blade Zmax is "officially" sold only by MetroPcs stores with a low price of $99. The Blade is locked to MetroPcs. The hacked Blade phones sold by vendors other than MetroPcs have no ZTE warranty and are likely to have serious problems. The Blade Zmax is a good mega-size phone that is too large for a guy's front pockets but it fits fine in a small purse or bag. The standout features are the big six inch screen and the huge battery that can last two days with moderate use. Folks who want a six inch screen will find the $99 price at MetroPcs stores a true bargain. In other respects, such as call quality, sound quality, camera quality, gps navigation, and gaming, the Blade is an average phone for the $99 price range. MetroPcs offers other good phones for under $99 but only the Blade offer a six inch screen and two day battery life. Be sure you WANT a huge phone. In its OtterBox case the Blade weighs 9.4 ounces, more than half a pound!. Was this review helpful to you?. I really really wanted to love this phone. I do love the camera and the size. The reason I would not recommend this phone is due to the nonstop glitching and apps shutting down. 2.0 out of 5 stars Really wanted to love it. Careful this phone may factory reset itself for absolutely no reason. 1.0 out of 5 stars One Star. the same brand new phone can be directly purchased from carrier for almost half of this price. it will be only worth if it is unlocked.. 1.0 out of 5 stars this is locked to carrier. The sleek design looks great and the camera is amazing, the back also looks great with the hex cones. 5.0 out of 5 stars The camera is outstanding, and it runs on the latest Android. This battery lasts long thank God for that but it freezes up and cuts off on me. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. I am a Samsung Galaxy lover. I bought this phone decent but the audio is very low. You can hear loudly with ear phones. 4.0 out of 5 stars Otherwise it's good.. I get this phone 3 day algo os wonderful work great Line note 8 only have problem w the audio is to low. 3.0 out of 5 stars I get this phone 3 day algo os wonderful work great Line note 8 only have problem w .... This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. ZTE 5.5" Blade V8 Pro Factory Unlocked Phone - Black Diamond. ZTE Z432 (AT&T Go Phone Clamshell) Prepaid and No Annual Contract. OEM ZTE LI3717T42P3H654458 BATTERY FOR ZTE VERIZON JETPACK 4G LTE HOTSPOT 890L 890 WIFI ROUTER - Non-Retail Packaging - White. ZTE ZMAX PRO Z981 4G LTE 13MP Smartphone (Metro PCS/T-Mobile). ZTE LI3710T42P3H483757 Battery AT&T Z431 T-Mobile Aspect Original OEM - Non-Retail Packaging - Black. ZTE T-Mobile Z6200 SyncUp Drive Connected Car & Mobile Hotspot (Certified Refurbished). There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
ZTE Blade Z Max hands-on: A giant smartphone for any budget. The Blade Z Max is a big phone with a 4,080mAh battery that doesn't cost all that much.. Don't turn your nose up at a budget device. For many smartphones users, that's often the only kind they can afford, and they shouldn't have to settle.. The ZTE Blade Z Max is one of those devices that may seem like it skimps on features because of its comparatively meager price tag, but it's a nice little big smartphone for those who consume content rapturously and don't care too much about wielding the latest specifications. For $130 at MetroPCS , the Blade Z Max offers a whopper of a battery for those looking to get through an entire day without having to cart around an extra battery pack. It also comes with a dual camera setup that's similar to what some of the flagships are offering.. I've already had it slide off my desk twice.. The ZTE Blade Z Max's 6-inch Full HD display hearkens back to the Nexus 6 days when large screens were still in vogue. I miss this form factor a bit, if only because it was easier to type on the screen with two thumbs. The Blaze Z Max is suitable for that, as well as displaying all your favorite video content. It's outfitted with a 1080p display, and though its colors aren't as premium or as calibrated as what you'd see on a Galaxy S8 , for example, apps like YouTube and Google Photos look just as they would on any other flagship device. The Blade Z Max also has Dragontrail Glass protecting the front. It's essentially another version of Corning's Gorilla Glass, though Japanese company, Asahi manufactures it. It's also worth noting that while the display is pleasantly smooth to the touch, it slides around when placed face-down. I've already had it slide off my desk twice.. The chassis design of the Blade Z Max is a little dated when spotted from afar, though the soft-ridged back side helps add a bit of that next generation design touch. It's grippy, which is nice considering the front side is slippery. There's a speaker grill on the back, too, as well as a headphone jack on the bottom. There's also a comfortably placed fingerprint scanner on the rear, which is surprisingly fast and responsive for a smartphone this price.. 6-inch Full HD IPS LCD 2.5D Dragontrail Glass. LTE 2CA 802.11 a/b/g/n dual-band Bluetooth 4.2. 6.54 x 3.33 x 0.33 inches. Inside, the ZTE Blade Z Max runs on a 1.4GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 processor and 2GB of RAM, which is worrisome if you're considering playing mobile games of the sort, even the simpler ones. The memory standard for most mid-range smartphones these days is now 3GB of RAM. At least there's 32GB of onboard storage in addition to a microSD expansion slot. The Blade Z Max also charges by USB-C, so you won't be stuck in an archaic charging ecosystem because you were on a budget. And if you're finding that you're often scrambling for a charging station halfway through the day, the ZTE Blade Z Max's 4080mah battery should be very enticing.. 2GB of RAM is worrisome if you're considering playing any mobile games.. The Blade Z Max comes with Android 7.1.1 right out of the box and features the latest security patches. The interface is relatively tame compared to other versions of Android in the budget realm, though there's a bit of configuration with the way the icons look. The settings panel also offers a few options that aren't typically available on other Android devices, like the ability to switch around navigation buttons. MetroPCS has bundled some of its apps, too, like Lookout Security & Antivirus , and you can't delete them. Still, you'll have roughly 19GB of storage space to claim your own.. The ZTE Blade Z Max's 16MP + 2MP cameras can perform some neat tricks.. In addition to a whopper of a battery, the Blade Z Max also offers dual rear-facing cameras. ZTE equipped this one with a 16-megapixel camera and a 2-megapixel camera. They work in tandem to help achieve bokeh and "portrait mode" effects, as well as a cheesy sort of mono-color effect.. From left to right: The ZTE Blade Z Max's mono-color mode, portrait mode, and bokeh mode.. The camera is pretty capable for a budget device. It also comes equipped with a time-lapse, multi exposure, and panorama mode, as well as a fully robust manual mode. Not only is there a helpful on boarding experience for newcomers to the manual camera experience, but you can also set up to 60-second intervals for continuous shooting. There are also built-in photo and video filters if you're into that sort of thing, and the 8-megapixel front-facing camera comes equipped with a smoothing-out beauty mode.. Will the Blaze Z Max become one of those devices that allow you to leave your camera at home? Not on the pivotal days of your life. But for recording confessionals and sharing them with social media, it's pretty competent. The camera isn't as fast as other devices, but it offers some flagship-like features that you won't typically get at this price point.. The ZTE Blade Z Max will be at MetroPCS for $130. It will replace the aging Z Max Pro , and ZTE is hoping this particular smartphone will help officially establish its mid-range lineup in the U.S. If you're on a budget carrier, expect to see this particular series of devices to pop up in the future. We'll have a full review of the device for you in the comings weeks, including how it works on the MetroPCS network.. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Product was successfully added to your shopping cart.. JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Adapters Armbands Batteries Branded Products Bluetooth Headset Cables Cases Chargers Charms Dummy Display Phones Headsets Memory Cards Miscellaneous Mounts Pouches Power Banks Selfie Sticks SmartWatches Speakers Screen Protectors Stylus Pen Stands /Displays Tools Tablets Universal Neck Strap Virtual Reality Glasses. Alcatel Apple Samsung Nokia LG HTC Huawei Kyocera Motorola ZTE Sharper Image ILUV Polaroid Energizer CoolPad. Cricket AT&T Boost Mobile MetroPCS Sprint Verizon T-Mobile Simple Mobile. Samsung Apple LG HTC SKY Xiaomi. Terms and Conditions New Customer Application RMA Form Return Policy Credit Card Authorization Form. Adapters Armbands Batteries Branded Products Bluetooth Headset Cables Cases Chargers Charms Dummy Display Phones Headsets Memory Cards Miscellaneous Mounts Pouches Power Banks Selfie Sticks SmartWatches Speakers Screen Protectors Stylus Pen Stands /Displays Tools Tablets Universal Neck Strap Virtual Reality Glasses. Alcatel Apple Samsung Nokia LG HTC Huawei Kyocera Motorola ZTE Sharper Image ILUV Polaroid Energizer CoolPad. Cricket AT&T Boost Mobile MetroPCS Sprint Verizon T-Mobile Simple Mobile. Samsung Apple LG HTC SKY Xiaomi. Terms and Conditions New Customer Application RMA Form Return Policy Credit Card Authorization Form. ZTE Blade Z MAX /Coolpad Defiant/ LG K20 Plus/ Alcatel Fierce A30/ J7 Prime (XL) Horizontal Pouch PLUS Black. Universal Expandable 5.5' for ZTE Blade Z MAX/ Alcatel Fierce A30/ Samsung J7 Prime/ iPhone 8 / 7 Plus LED Ice Cream Silicon Case Pink. Universal Expandable 5.5' for ZTE Blade Z MAX/ Alcatel Fierce A30/ Samsung J7 Prime/ iPhone 8 / 7 Plus LED Ice Cream Silicon Case Pink/Red. Universal Expandable 5.5' for ZTE Blade Z MAX/ Alcatel Fierce A30/ Samsung J7 Prime/ iPhone 8 / 7 Plus LED Sunglasses Silicon Case Black. ZTE Blade Z Max Warrior Holster Combo Red. ZTE Blade Z Max Rugged Pro Holster Combo Black. ZTE Blade Z Max Rugged Pro Holster Combo Red. ZTE Blade Z Max Rhinestones Wallet Pink. ZTE Blade Z Max Wallet Case Black. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Ultra Pro Holster Case Black. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Ultra Pro Holster Case Blue. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Ultra Pro Holster Case Red. ZTE Blade Z Max Slim Fashion Wallet Pink. ZTE Blade Z Max Slim Fashion Wallet Black. ZTE Blade Z Max Slim Fashion Wallet Brown. ZTE Blade Z Max Ultra Pro Case Purple. ZTE Blade Z Max Ultra Pro Case Black. ZTE Blade Z Max Ultra Pro Case Blue. ZTE Blade Z Max Ultra Pro Case Red. ZTE Blade Z Max Ultra Pro Case Pink. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Pro Armor Magnetic Kickstand Case Orange. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Pro Armor Magnetic Kickstand Case Black. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Pro Armor Magnetic Kickstand Case Blue. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Pro Armor Magnetic Kickstand Case Red. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Pro Armor Magnetic Kickstand Case Purple. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Ultra Thin Kickstand Case Green. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Ultra Thin Kickstand Case Black. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Ultra Thin Kickstand Case Blue. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Ultra Thin Kickstand Case Pink. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Ultra Thin Kickstand Case Red. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Ultra Thin Kickstand Case Purple. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Ultra Thin Kickstand Case Orange. ZTE Blade Z Max Rugged W/ Kickstand Case Red. ZTE Blade Z Max Rugged W/ Kickstand Case Black. ZTE Blade Z Max Rugged W/ Kickstand Case Purple. ZTE Blade Z Max Ultra Pro Case Green. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Glitter Magnetic Kickstand Case Silver. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Magnetic Wallet Black. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Magnetic Wallet Red. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Magnetic Wallet Blue. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Deluxe Guardian Series Black. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Deluxe Guardian Series Silver. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Deluxe Guardian Series Blue. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Deluxe Guardian Series Pink. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Deluxe Guardian Series Red. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Duplex Ultra Thin Case Teal. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Duplex Ultra Thin Case Black. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Duplex Ultra Thin Case Silver. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Duplex Ultra Thin Case Blue. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Duplex Ultra Thin Case Pink. ZTE Blade Z Max Titan Duplex Ultra Thin Case Red. ZTE Blade Z MAX/ X MAX Full Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Bluetooth GT08 Android SmartWatch With Camera Black. Bluetooth GT08 Android SmartWatch With Camera Silver. Bluetooth GT08 Android SmartWatch With Camera Gold. Bluetooth Android SmartWatch With Camera Black. Universal Micro USB/Type-C/ Lightning ENRG 3in1 2300mAh Home Charger Black. Universal Micro USB/Type-C/ Lightning ENRG 3in1 3100mAh Car Charger Black. Universal Micro USB/Type-C/ Lightning ENRG 3in1 2100mAh Car Charger Black. Universal Dual USB Type-C ENRG 2100mAh Car Charger Black. Universal Dual USB Type-C ENRG 3100mAh Car Charger Black. AData P10050 10,050mAh Universal Power Bank White. iPhone X WK Earl Series 1 Metal Drawbench Case Black. Samsung J3 Prime/Emerge/Amp Prime 2 Motomo Silicone Brilliants Case Gold. Remax RM-C15 Flexible 360 Rotation Car Mount Holder Black/Yellow. Samsung S8 Credit Card Holder Case Pink. Samsung J3 Prime/Emerge/Amp Prime 2 Rhinestones Wallet Gold. Address: 931 S Congress Ave, Delray Beach FL 33445, United States. Working Days/Hours: Mon - Fri / 9:00AM - 6:00PMSat 9:00AM -3:00PM. #1 variety in the U.S guaranteed. FREE Shipping on all orders over $500. Get all the latest information on Events, Sales and Offers. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for zte blade z max case. All Listings - Current page. Quickly compare offers in our new grouped view. results for zte blade z max case. Save zte blade z max case to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow zte blade z max case to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. zte blade z max case :. Did you mean: zte blade zmax case ( 11,063 items)?. For ZTE Blade Z MAX Z982 Case Slim Brushed Texture Hybrid Protective Phone Cover. For ZTE Blade Z Max/Zmax Pro 2/Sequoia Phone Case Clip Holster Stand Armor Cover. Slim Kickstand Card Hard Armor Case Cover For ZTE Blade Z MAX / Sequoia Z982. For ZTE Blade Z MAX / Z982 Hybrid Stand Impact Belt Hard Armor Phone Case Cover. DuoTEK ARMOR HARD COVER PHONE CASE FOR [ZTE BLADE Z MAX] +BLACK TEMPERED GLASS. For ZTE Blade Z MAX Z982 Case Tough Dual Layer Hybrid Shockproof Phone Cover. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 - Hot Pink Rhinestone Wallet Skin Case Cover. For ZTE Blade Z Max/Zmax Pro 2/Z982 Case Shockproof Hard Cover + Tempered Glass. For ZTE Blade Z Max/Zmax Pro 2/Sequoia/Z982 Hybrid Case+Tempered Glass Protector. For ZTE SEQUOIA /BLADE Z MAX - TPU Rubber Shiny Glitter Bling Phone Case Pink. 3 new & refurbished from $7.95. For ZTE SEQUOIA BLADE Z MAX Z982 Black Wallet Card Slot Magnetic Detachable Case. For ZTE Blade Z Max/ Zmax Pro 2/ Z982 Shockproof Cover Hard Armor Hybrid Case. Tuff Hard Dual Layer Plastic TPU Case For ZTE Blade Z Max/Sequoia - Rose Gold. 6 new & refurbished from $8.59. For ZTE Blade Z Max/ Zmax Pro 2/ Z982 Shockproof Cover Hard Armor Hybrid Case. For ZTE Blade Z MAX Hybrid Carbon Fiber TPU Armor Case +Black Tempered Glass. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 - Rose Gold Pink Rhinestone Wallet Case Cover. For ZTE Blade Z Max/Sequoia/Z9 82 Hybrid Case+Tempered Glass Protector. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 - Black Silver Rhinestone Wallet Case Cover. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 BLUE Trim Glitter Star Liquid Water Skin Case. 3 new & refurbished from $8.75. For ZTE Cell Phone Case Motion Liquid Quicksand Glitter Clear Soft TPU Cover. For ZTE Blade Z Max Z982 (2017) / ZMax Pro 2 / Sequoia Wallet Phone Cover Case. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 GOLD Trim Glitter Star Liquid Water Skin Case. 3 new & refurbished from $8.75. For ZTE Sequoia | ZTE Blade Z Max (2017) Slim Flexible Clear TPU Case Comics. For ZTE Blade Z Max Z982 Sequoia Card Holder Wallet Cover Case Wrist Strap + Pen. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX - Card Wallet Pouch Case Cover Pink Emboss Flowers. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 - SILVER Flakes TPU Silicone Skin Case Cover. MODERN ARMOR SHOCKPROOF HYBRID SLIM COVER PHONE CASE FOR ZTE BLADE Z MAX +BUNDLE. ZTE Sequoia / Blade Z Max Hybrid Bling Glitter Rubber Gel Hard TPU Case Cover. 3 new & refurbished from $7.95. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 ROSE GOLD Flakes TPU Silicone Skin Case Cover. ZTE Blade Z Max Z982 (2017) case, ZTE Sequoia , ZMax Pro 2, Wallet Case Cover. Leather Flip Card Wallet Case Cover Wristlet Kickstand For ZTE Blade Z MAX Z982. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 - BLACK MARBLE Hard Hybrid Rubber Case Cover. for ZTE Zmax Pro 2 / ZTE Blade Z Max (Z982) - HYBRID Shockproof Armor Case Cover. For ZTE Zmax Pro/Z981/Blade Z Max Liquid Glitter Dynamic Diamond Soft Case Cover. For ZTE Blade Z Max/Sequoia/Zm ax Pro 2 Chrome Hard Hybrid Brushed Case Cover. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 Pink 4D Unicorn Dots Soft Silicone Case Cover. ZTE ZMAX PRO 2 Z982 / BLADE Z MAX -Hybrid HARD&SOFT Impact Armor Case ROSE GOLD. 6 new & refurbished from $8.59. For ZTE Blade Z Max/ Blade Zmax Pro 2 Case Shockproof Armor Hybrid Phone Cover. ZTE Blade Z Max Sequoia PU Leather Glitter Wallet Kickstand Slots Phone Case. For ZTE Blade Z Max/Sequoia/Zm ax Pro 2 Bumper PC/TPU Rubber Case Cover. For ZTE Blade Z Max Camouflage Nylon Pouch Holster Canvas Belt Loop Case+Hook. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 - Dream Catcher Hard Hybrid Rubber Case Cover. For ZTE Blade Z Max Hard PC/TPU Rubber Hybrid Brushed Rubber Case. For ZTE Blade Z Max Tan Wallet Leather Pouch Sleeve Skin Case Belt Loop Holster. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 - WHITE MARBLE Hard Hybrid Rubber Case Cover. For ZTE Blade Z Max/Sequoia Gradient Glitter Hard TPU Hybrid Plastic Case Cover. 2 new & refurbished from $6.09. For ZTE Sequoia | ZTE Blade Z Max (2017) Clip Stand Case Unique Designs. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 GOLD Dream Catcher Glitter Stars Liquid Case. 3 new & refurbished from $8.95. For ZTE Sequoia Z982 | ZTE Blade Z MAX | Zmax Pro 2 (2017) Case Slim Dual Layer. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 SILVER Dream Catcher Glitter Star Liquid Case. 5 new & refurbished from $8.95. ZTE Sequoia /Blade Z Max HYBRID Rubber Rugged Shockproof Case Cover Lace Flowers. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 - Pink Glitter Sparkle Rubber TPU Case Cover. ZTE Sequoia /Blade Z Max Bling Leather Flip Wallet Case Cover Eiffel Flower Pink. 4 new & refurbished from $10.69. For ZTE Blade Z Max/Sequoia Hybrid Brushed PC/TPU Rubber ID/Card Slot Case Cover. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 Pink Glitter Magnetic Back Hybrid Case Cover. CoverON For ZTE ZMax Pro 2 / Sequoia / Blade Z Max Case Slim Hybrid Hard Cover. Cute Flowing Liquid Glitter Soft Case Cover For ZTE Zmax Pro/MAX XL/Blade Z Max. For ZTE SEQUOIA / BLADE Z MAX Z982 - Gold Flakes TPU Silicone Skin Case Cover. VINTAGE ARMOR HARD COVER PHONE CASE FOR [ZTE BLADE Z MAX] +BLACK TEMPERED GLASS. Hybrid Dual Layer Protective Case Cover For ZTE ZMax Pro 2 / Blade Z Max / Z982. USA Seller | 5 Colors | Fast Free Shipping | 1935+ Sold. IMPORTANT: Suitable only for [ZTE BLADE "Z" MAX]. For ZTE Blade Z MAX z982 / ZTE Maven 3 / ZMAX Pro Z981. Hot Sale丨Fast Delivery丨Extra 15% OFF丨Over 1600+ Sold!!!. IMPORTANT: Suitable only for [ZTE BLADE "Z" MAX]. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
ZTE Blade Z MAX Prices & Plans. memory (useable capacity will be less). Talk Time (3G): Up to 1 day 7 hours. Android 7.1 device with fingerprint reader, 6" display, 16MP camera and 1.4GHz Octa-core CPU. Alcatel ONETOUCH Pop Icon 2 LTE. You can also copy the link from your browser's address bar.. Compare Plans for the ZTE Blade Z MAX. Step 1 - Phone Size. No phones found matching your criteria, please choose more options. Please choose at least 1 option. More to pay today / upfront. Included in Plan Subject to Credit Checks. Mid-Range ($200 - $600 RRP). Alcatel ( 1 ). Asus ( 1 ). BlackBerry ( 1 ). CoolPad ( 1 ). Essential ( 1 ). Google ( 1 ). GreatCall ( 1 ). HTC ( 1 ). Huawei ( 1 ). Kyocera ( 1 ). Sonim ( 1 ). Sony ( 1 ). T-Mobile ( 1 ). Note: The {0} is only available from:. Include closest match phones from other carriers?. Get up to $60 off this phone after all offers. Get up to $60 off this phone after all offers. Consumer Cellular: Runs on AT&T network. Cricket: Runs on AT&T network. H2O Wireless: Nationwide GSM 4G LTE network. Net10: Runs on AT&T network. Pure TalkUSA: Runs on AT&T network. Red Pocket: Runs on AT&T network. ROK Mobile: Runs on AT&T network. Straight Talk: Runs on AT&T network. TracFone: Runs on AT&T network. Boost Mobile: Runs on Sprint network. CREDO Mobile: Runs on Sprint network. FreedomPop: Runs on Sprint network. Net10: Runs on Sprint network. Project Fi: Runs on Sprint network. Red Pocket: Runs on Sprint network. Republic Wireless: Runs on Sprint network. ROK Mobile: Runs on Sprint network. Straight Talk: Runs on Sprint network. Tello: Runs on Sprint network. TextNow: Runs on Sprint network. The People's Operator: Runs on Sprint network. Ting: Runs on Sprint network. TracFone: Runs on Sprint network. Twigby: Runs on Sprint network. Virgin Mobile: Runs on Sprint network. Consumer Cellular: Runs on T-Mobile network. MetroPCS: Runs on T-Mobile network. Mint SIM: Runs on T-Mobile network. Net10: Runs on T-Mobile network. Project Fi: Runs on T-Mobile network. Red Pocket: Runs on T-Mobile network. Republic Wireless: Runs on T-Mobile network. Simple Mobile: Runs on T-Mobile network. Straight Talk: Runs on T-Mobile network. TextNow: Runs on T-Mobile network. The People's Operator: Runs on T-Mobile network. Ting: Runs on T-Mobile network. TracFone: Runs on T-Mobile network. Ultra Mobile: Runs on T-Mobile network. US Mobile: Runs on T-Mobile network. CREDO Mobile: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. GreatCall: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. Net10: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. Page Plus: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. Red Pocket: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. ROK Mobile: America's largest CDMA 4G LTE network. Straight Talk: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. Total Wireless: America's largest & most dependable network. TracFone: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. Twigby: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. US Mobile: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. XFINITY Mobile: Runs on Verizon Wireless network. Coverage information is sourced from carriers and other sources.. 16MP + 2MP Dual Rear Camera with PDAF. Up to 1 day 7 hours. 1.4 GHz Octa-Core, Qualcomm Snapdragon MSM8940. Other People Also Viewed (12). Compare phones and plans from the following carriers.... Here Are All the Changes to US Carrier Cell Phone Plan: February 12 - 18. Samsung Galaxy S9 Seemingly Leaks in Full. Here Are All the Changes to US Carrier Cell Phone Plan: February 5 - 11. How to Switch Cell Phone Providers (and keep your phone number). How Do I Switch Cell Phone Carriers (and keep my phone)?. Cell Phone & Wireless Deals Every Week. Our pick of the Hot Deals from every carrier, handpicked and fresh. All the deals on T-Mobile every week. Sprint's Wireless Deals & Best Plans. All the deals from Sprint, updated every week. All the deals from Straight Talk, updated every week. We will get that fixed as soon as possible.. Success! Your request has been sent.. Plans to use in Mexico & Canada. Compare Internet + TV + Home Phone. Plans to use in Mexico & Canada. You may have seen us on. About this Service: WhistleOut maintains a broad list of providers to help you compare, always covering at least the top ten providers in every category so you can make a transparent choice. When you see a 'promoted product' or a product with a 'go to site' button it means that WhistleOut is earning a transaction click fee for the referral. We audit the prices across the whole market regularly and we don't alter the ranking of products in our organic search based on any commercial relationship.. Copyright © 2018 WhistleOut Pty Ltd. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. Category Apple Watch Apple MacBook Batteries Bluetooth Cables Cases Chargers Cool Gadgets Displays Drones Hands-Free Holders Memory Packaging Pouches Repair Parts Repair Tools Screen Cleaning Screen Protectors Smart Home Speakers Stylus Pens Tempered Glass Universal Device Top Models Apple iPhone SE Apple iPhone 6S Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone 8 Apple iPhone 8 Plus Apple iPhone X Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL LG G6 Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Play Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Prime / J7 Perx Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy S9 Samsung Galaxy S9+ Brands Carriers. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Prime / J7 Perx. 1 of. Spigen Glas.tR Nano Liquid Screen Protector - Clear - Retail Packaged. SPIGEN PRODUCTS CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Lightning Shield 0.33mm Tempered Glass Screen Protector. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia MyBat Full Coverage Tempered Glass Screen Protector / Black. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia Tempered Glass Screen Protector (2.5D). PureGear Liquid Glass + Pure Pledge Program - Retail Packaged. PUREGEAR PRODUCTS CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Slick Gadget Titanium Armor+ Invisible Liquid Screen Protector - $100 Screen Repair Warranty. Slick Gadget Titanium Armor+ Invisible Liquid Screen Protector - Bulk / Bundle Kit Only - No Warranty. Slick Gadget Titanium Armor+ Invisible Liquid Screen Protector - Full Screen Repair Warranty. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Lanyard - Black / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Lanyard - Black / Red. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Lanyard - Blue / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Lanyard - Desert Tan /... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Lanyard - Gray / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Lanyard - Orange / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Lanyard - Red / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector - Black / Smoke. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector - Gold / Clear. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector - Red / Clear. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector - Rose Gold / Clear. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector - Silver / Clear. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector - Teal / Clear. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Design Wallet Flap Pouch with TPU Inside - Beach. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Design Wallet Flap Pouch with TPU Inside - Colorful Feathers. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Design Wallet Flap Pouch with TPU Inside - Colorful Leaves. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Design Wallet Flap Pouch with TPU Inside - Owl Love. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Design Wallet Flap Pouch with TPU Inside - Purple / Silver Vines. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Design Wallet Flap Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Vibrant Butterflies. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Black / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Black / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Blue Leather. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Hot Pink / Purple. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Pink Leather. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Full Diamond Flap Pouch with Credit Card Pockets in ZV Blister Packaging - Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Full Diamond Flap Pouch with Credit Card Pockets in ZV Blister Packaging - Gold. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Full Diamond Flap Pouch with Credit Card Pockets in ZV Blister Packaging - Hot Pink. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Full Diamond Flap Pouch with Credit Card Pockets in ZV Blister Packaging - Purple. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - Butterflies. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - Donuts. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - Hearts. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - Pink Flowers. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers in ZV Blister Packaging... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers in ZV Blister Packaging... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers in ZV Blister Packaging... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers in ZV Blister Packaging... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers in ZV Blister Packaging... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers in ZV Blister Packaging... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers in ZV Blister Packaging... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - METALLIC HYBRID Cover with Credit Card Slots in ZV Blister Packaging - Black / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - METALLIC HYBRID Cover with Credit Card Slots in ZV Blister Packaging - Black / Blue. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - METALLIC HYBRID Cover with Credit Card Slots in ZV Blister Packaging - Black / Gold. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - METALLIC HYBRID Cover with Credit Card Slots in ZV Blister Packaging - Black / Pink. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - METALLIC HYBRID Cover with Credit Card Slots in ZV Blister Packaging - Black / Rose Gold. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - METALLIC HYBRID Cover with Credit Card Slots in ZV Blister Packaging - Black / Silver. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - PC+TPU Cover in ZV Blister Packaging - Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - PC+TPU Cover in ZV Blister Packaging - Clear. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - PC+TPU Cover in ZV Blister Packaging - Crystal Pink. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Rubberized Dual Layered Star Diamond Pattern with Silicon Hybrid Cover in ZV Blister Pack... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Rubberized Dual Layered Star Diamond Pattern with Silicon Hybrid Cover in ZV Blister Pack... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Rubberized Dual Layered Star Diamond Pattern with Silicon Hybrid Cover in ZV Blister Pack... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Rubberized Dual Layered Star Diamond Pattern with Silicon Hybrid Cover in ZV Blister Pack... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - SLEEK HYBRID Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Packaging - Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - SLEEK HYBRID Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Packaging - Dark Blue. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - SLEEK HYBRID Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Packaging - Red. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - SLEEK HYBRID Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Packaging - Rose Gold. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - SLEEK HYBRID Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Packaging - Teal. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - SLEEK HYBRID Design Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Packaging - Colorful Tree. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - SLEEK HYBRID Design Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Packaging - Dream Catcher. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - SLEEK HYBRID Design Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Packaging - Flowers. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - SLEEK HYBRID Design Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Packaging - Owl. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - SLEEK HYBRID Design Cover w/ Dual Layered Protection in ZV Blister Packaging - Woods. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Slide Out Pocket Wallet Pouch in ZV Blister Packaging - Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Slide Out Pocket Wallet Pouch in ZV Blister Packaging - Blue. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Slide Out Pocket Wallet Pouch in ZV Blister Packaging - Pink. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Slide Out Pocket Wallet Pouch in ZV Blister Packaging - Purple. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Tough Armor Style 2 Case w/ Holster in ZV Blister Packaging - Army Green / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Tough Armor Style 2 Case w/ Holster in ZV Blister Packaging - Black / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Tough Armor Style 2 Case w/ Holster in ZV Blister Packaging - Blue / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Tough Armor Style 2 Case w/ Holster in ZV Blister Packaging - Gold / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Tough Armor Style 2 Case w/ Holster in ZV Blister Packaging - Gray / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Tough Armor Style 2 Case w/ Holster in ZV Blister Packaging - Red / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - TPU Cover in ZV Blister Packaging - Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - TPU Cover in ZV Blister Packaging - Clear. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - TPU Cover in ZV Blister Packaging - Hot Pink. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - TPU Cover in ZV Blister Packaging -Purple. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Zizo Proton 2.0 Heavy Duty Case Military Grade Drop Tested - Black / Solid Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Zizo Proton 2.0 Heavy Duty Case Military Grade Drop Tested - Black / Solid Red. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Zizo Proton 2.0 Heavy Duty Case Military Grade Drop Tested - Black / Trans Clear. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Zizo Proton 2.0 Heavy Duty Case Military Grade Drop Tested - Crimson Red / Trans Clear. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Zizo Proton 2.0 Heavy Duty Case Military Grade Drop Tested - Desert Tan / Solid Camo Green. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Zizo Proton 2.0 Heavy Duty Case Military Grade Drop Tested - Emerald Green / Solid Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Zizo Proton 2.0 Heavy Duty Case Military Grade Drop Tested - Orange / Trans Clear. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Zizo Proton 2.0 Heavy Duty Case Military Grade Drop Tested - Purple / Trans Clear. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia- Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - Multi-Flowers. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia- Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - Spring Flowers. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia Advanced Armor Stand Protector Cover - Black / Blue (w/ Black Holster). ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia Astronoot Phone Protector Cover - Pink / Black. 1 of. Have a Question? We can help,live chat now!. Enter Email to receive info on new arrivals, promotions and other cool happenings.. Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy © 2018 MyCoolCell, LLC. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. ZTE Blade Z Max - Phone Cases & Covers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. ZTE Blade Z Max -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade Z Max -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade Z Max -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade Z Max -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade Z Max -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade Z Max -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade Z Max -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. ZTE Blade Z Max -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade Z Max -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade Z Max -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Black. ZTE Blade Z Max -Waterproof Bag. ZTE Blade Z Max -Felt Wool SmartPhone Sleeve,Gray. Keeps your phone safe from scratches, dents and cracks. Built-in pocket for cards, cash and other small items. Rounded corners for a comfortable fit in your pocket. ZTE Blade Z Max -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Camel Brown. ZTE Blade Z Max -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Dark Blue. ZTE Blade Z Max -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Gray. ZTE Blade Z Max -Splash Guardz Camo Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Brown. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade Z Max -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Red. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. The Blade Z Max will be available on MetroPCS starting August 28 for $129. It features a large display, dual cameras and a fingerprint reader.. Lynn La /. The phone has a 6-inch screen with a 1,920x1,080-pixel resolution and 367ppi.. Lynn La /. It's powered by a 1.4GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon processor and a capacious 4,080mAh battery that promises 31 hours of usage time.. Lynn La /. Its 16- and 2-megapixel cameras on the back shoots dramatic "bokeh" photos and monocolor images that highlight one color.. Lynn La /. The phone runs Android 7.1.1 Nougat and has uses a USB Type-C port.. Lynn La /. On the back is a fingerprint reader for extra user security.. Lynn La /. For a budget phone to pack that kind of hardware, you'd expect the price to be around the $200-$300 range, like the $230. But the new Blade Z Max lowers the price range even more at $129.. For more info, check out the ZTE Blade Z Max hands-on.. Lynn La /. ZTE's Blade Z Max goes big for cheap. 1 of 7. August 14, 2017 6:00 AM PDT. MWC 2018: All the phones and gadget... Latest Stories. Gold! 5 best social-media memes of the 2018 Winter Olympics. Gold! 5 best social-media memes of the 2018 Winter Olympics. Samsung Galaxy S9 event: Watch it live here. Samsung Galaxy S9 event: Watch it live here. Samsung's debuts Trade Up app for S9 trade-ins in Singapore. Samsung's debuts Trade Up app for S9 trade-ins in Singapore. 'Black Panther' blows past $100 million for second weekend. 'Black Panther' blows past $100 million for second weekend. Alexa lands in more Lenovo Yoga laptops. Alexa lands in more Lenovo Yoga laptops. Sony goes big on cool camera tech with Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact. Sony goes big on cool camera tech with Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
ZTE Blade Z Max - user opinions and reviews. Pages: 1 2 3 4 ». Annemare, 09 Feb 2018 this phone should be recalled and refunds given to everyone. and they should be fined Why so money people are complaining about this phone I just can't believe my phone has been working perfectly better then the Galaxy 800 plus dollars that I used to have. The good: long battery and 32 GB. The bad: graphics, sound, processor, camera, laggy. Annemare, 09 Feb 2018 do not, i repeat, do not purchase this phone!!. i have owned zte zmax....so i figured id upgra... more I agree, the video and sound are the worst. I'm ok with it since far ...2 mnths in......hell bouth the wife one also.......she happy bout it and I'm at piece .....so far nothing really serious to bitch about ....you guys just return....some of then probably referbished maybe mne but for a low budget nice phone 3 1/2 stars. Annemare, 09 Feb 2018 this phone should be recalled and refunds given to everyone. and they should be fined I bought this phone yesterday and it keep shutting off by itself......it has already shut off 4 times already......I think I'm going to return it today &#128545;. T.B007, 20 Oct 2017 Good phone. I had mine for 2 weeks now. It does everything I need it to do and more. more ZTE gives you Dolby surround built in to the music app...adjust it, makes one hell of a difference in speaker sound. Steve, 04 Feb 2018 Yes I agree umm I bought my phone a month ago and it work great no problems I come out the hos... more Hold power button for at least 10 seconds...that should fix it. Ok, I've now had the blade Zmax for a little over 2 months. I do agree that the phone can tend to be a bit laggy. The Bluetooth on mine cuts in and out sometimes, but is fixable. I'll say this, I had every Zmax since the first one. When these phones first come out, they are buggy and a little off centered, but after a few months, ZTE usually sends a software update to address the glitches. I am hopeful they will send one for this model, I have yet to see one, but am hopeful. I do think these are better than some of the new LG's that hit the market. Bottom line, it's a budget full HD smartphone. Expect to see glitches here and there...my phone hasn't really done anything to seriously annoy me, but I do understand the comments too. Write to ZTE with your concerns, if enough people write, ZTE will be forced to update the software. However so far so good! No major issues, except for Bluetooth, the best fix for laggy OS, whatever, power cycle, power cycle, power cycle!!!. Zmax est 2010, 03 Jan 2018 I have had the ZTE Blade Zmax for around a week now. I really like the phone! I've had every z... more I would like to so far should I purchase this the ZTE Blade Z Max???. Louie Lou., 25 Jan 2018 This phone absolutely sucks. The blade, I had the ZTE pro max.6.0.0 The ph... more this phone should be recalled and refunds given to everyone. Yada231, 01 Feb 2018 Not a fan of this phone!! I hate it! Can't receive messages. Gives you notifications when IT w... these never should have been released. and should be recalled and refunds given!!. crazy that they get away with this. do not, i repeat, do not purchase this phone!!. i have owned zte zmax....so i figured id upgrade to this one....its oike throwing $130.00 out yhe window. the phone overheats while charging (i haven't even owned it 2 months). videos and audio are the worst. this phone never should have been released and shoukd be recalled. i wrote bbb, and got an automated redundant response about manufacturer warranty blah blah blah. #1 i dont want another zte. #2 the store wants to charge $15 to exchange and send off, even though its under warranty. no, im not throwing another $15 to replace a phone with same piece of garbage thats going to give me the same problems. Yada231, 01 Feb 2018 Not a fan of this phone!! I hate it! Can't receive messages. Gives you notifications when IT w... more You think Android sucks because of your experience with cheap Chinese phones? If you can afford to switch to an iPhone then buy the Samsung Note 8 instead to make a fair comparison and intelligent decision. I really don't understand people like you.. Zmax est 2010, 03 Jan 2018 I have had the ZTE Blade Zmax for around a week now. I really like the phone! I've had every z... more Yes I agree umm I bought my phone a month ago and it work great no problems I come out the hospital yesterday and it completely took a shit the screen shut off it won't turn back on I've tried restarting it I've tried charging it so that's that. Zmax est 2010, 03 Jan 2018 I have had the ZTE Blade Zmax for around a week now. I really like the phone! I've had every z... I'm a zte user, have been for years. They are really great phones for the price. Going to purchase the blade today. Not a fan of this phone!! I hate it! Can't receive messages. Gives you notifications when IT wants to. It lags, freezes, and stops constantly. Also the screen is not easy to swipe on. You have to continue swiping until it feels like working. I hated the other version too. It was cheap and since I dropped my other phone I had to get this. Only pro is the split screen feature and even THAT is restricted. I feel like I wasted money. I'm slowly about to convert to Apple. my instagram is acid drips if you have questions. but i will explain the pros and cons i have about this phone... first of all, people seem to get nonfunctional phones sometimes but i did not. the bad things about the phone is it does lag depending on what you do, like having 15 apps open or just one. when i try to record a song off my other phone to instagram. this phone messes up the audio really bad. honestly i cant think of anything bad right now but for the most point the phone is good. but the ram might be a problem if your trying to play the most top end 3d games... battery life is the best out of anyphone ive had and it charges very fast... of yeah, i did have a problem wheere the volume would rise but that coulda been my earbuds cause they broke the same day but its fine now. Txnascarguy, 06 Jan 2018 So I wish I bought the Samsung J7 Prime instead. Maybe a 6/10 on a goo... more lmfao maybe lock your screen mister. Hafital Hsan, 27 Dec 2017 I agree, this is the worst ZTE I've owned.. I love ZTE due to the large screens, but this Blad... more youre talking about the blade x max not the z max.. this phone is awesome so much better then the zmax pro in every way a great upgrade. Pages: 1 2 3 4 ». Total of 78 user reviews and opinions for ZTE Blade Z Max .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. ZTE Zmax Pro LG Stylo 3 Plus LG K20 plus ZTE Max XL Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime ZTE Blade V8 Pro. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Axon 7 ZTE nubia Z17s ZTE Axon 9 ZTE nubia Z17. 
Download our Official Android App: Forums for Android!. Discussion in ' Android Devices ' started by ZMAX4EVER , Aug 15, 2017 .. Looks like ZTE is releasing their follow up to the ZMAX PRO, for MetroPCS. Not much of a difference from the Max Pro... I picked mine up and I'm not very impressed. The BLADE ZMAX camera SUCKS in low light. The ZMAX PRO camera is better in low light. No "slow motion" option for video like on the PRO. As far as the display, in my opinion the PRO has better color tones (the WHITE levels seem truer). Turn both phones to the same brightness and set them side by side and view a white page and black text. The display on the PRO is better. When you download an image from Chrome, it doesn't appear in the GALLERY. The text messaging app doesn't appear to be visually configurable (image backgrounds, changing colors, etc). QuickCharge 2.0 doesn't seem to charge any faster than 1.0 on the PRO. Still seems to be 1% per minute. But the battery is larger, so I suppose it's a bit faster but it takes just as long for a full charge. I'll give the battery a good usage test tomorrow. Speakers are a bit louder than the PRO, but not significantly. Touchscreen does seem a bit more responsive on the BLADE. UI TUNER is available when holding the settings "gear" for a while and releasing, but it doesn't look like we can remove the "MetroPCS" text from the status bar. Overall, at this point, I'd say that I was wrong in suggesting it's worth the upgrade from the PRO. The updated OS is nice, but maybe they'll finally root the PRO and get that phone up to date. I'll keep updating this info, but at this point I would not recommend PRO users upgrade (unless your phone is broken or having issues).. Update: the blade does charge faster with a larger battery. I charged all the way to 100,% then put in heavy usage with a bright screen for 33 minutes and was down to 96%. Battery seems pretty solid so far.. Wow, I just tested video recording and the audio quality is absolutely HORRIBLE. If someone is thinking of upgrading from the ZMAX PRO to the BLADE Z MAX because of the camera, I would strongly suggest that you think twice.. It looks like ZTE installed the FM RADIO app on the phone even though there isn't FM RADIO capability. So, you have an app on the phone that you can't remove, can't disable, and can't be used. But, it looks like it drains the battery slightly and uses memory. ZMAX PRO has a fully working FM RADIO. ZTE BLADE Z MAX appears to not support that option.. Interesting how downgraded this phone is in that respect. I was thinking of upgrade my Zmax pro since I had accidentaly cracked the screen a few months back. The larger battery would've been nice given how much mine's been draining a lot lately. Sticking the FM Radio app on there when it's not support is rather idiotic. It's like some miscommunication occurred somewhere during development on this. I will say sticking the headphone jack on the bottom was an odd placement since I tend to want to have it on top as I have my phone in my pocket while I use ear buds.. It looks like ZTE installed the FM RADIO app on the phone even though there isn't FM RADIO capability. So, you have an app on the phone that you can't remove, can't disable, and can't be used. But, it looks like it drains the battery slightly and uses memory. ZMAX PRO has a fully working FM RADIO. ZTE BLADE Z MAX appears to not support that option.. Do you already have an account?. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Compare Credit Cards All Cards Rewards Cash Back Travel Balance Transfer Low Interest Zero Percent Business Student Secured. Mobile Cell Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. The ZTE Blade Z Max currently has an Informr score of 6.4 out of 10.. This score is based on our evaluation of 6. sources including reviews from users and the web's most trusted critics.. The best thing about the Blade Z Max, besides its price, is its outstanding battery life. Among its impressive feature set, it delivers a good display and an excellent finger scanner. But despite having a dual camera, only the main shooter is remarkable - the poorly implemented dual-lens modes aren'.... The ZTE Blade Z Max punches well above its weight class. The phone may be a little boring to look at, but ZTE selected good materials and put them together well. The enormous screen is bright and colorful, data performance is quite good, and battery life is among the best available.. As always, the big question is price — do the improvements on the ZTE Blade Z Max warrant an increase from $100 to $130? I tend to think so, although it depends on what you value in a phone. If you don’t care about taking pictures at all, I’m sure you could probably find an even ch.... At $130 and with modern features, you can afford to buy this phone - even if it's just to keep as a backup.. Buy the Blade Z Max if you’re on a budget and want to be on MetroPCS. There are better-performing budget phones, but they cost almost twice as much. If you want a solid dual-lens camera and lengthy battery life without spending much more than $100, the Blade Z Max is your best bet$229.99 Best.... ZTE released the Blade Z Max on August 28, 2017.. The Blade Z Max price will vary depending on retailer, age, special offers and whether or not it's purchased with a service plan. If purchased with a 2 year service contract for example, you would likely pay much less for the phone itself up front. You can compare ZTE Blade Z Max prices from around the web here on The Informr.. Where can I download the Blade Z Max manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the ZTE Blade Z Max user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. ZTE backs up the Blade Z Max with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. I have Blade Z Max problems. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your Blade Z Max has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact ZTE support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find ZTE's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. 1 Why is the indicator on messaging for my ZTE Blade Z Max incorrect?. 1 How to get back date, time, Accuweather forecast on my ZTE Blade Z Max?. 1 Why is my ZTE BLADE Z MAX one of the worst phones I've ever owned?. 1 How to use voice to text messaging on ZTE Blade Z Max?. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The ZTE Blade Z Max's screen size is 6 inches with 1080 x 1920 pixels resolution.. There is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 MSM8940 Octa core 1.4 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 7.1.1 Nougat operating system (OS).. You can take photos or capture video with the phone's onboard 16+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 8+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 128 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 4080 mAh battery. ZTE 's performance ratings are 22 days standby time, 1 minutes, Unknown Wi-Fi surfing.. Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 MSM8940 Octa core 1.4 GHz. Head: 0.3 W/kg Body: 1.17 W/kg. Data Cable, Manual, USB Power Adapter. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 16.6 x 8.5 x 0.8 cm (6.5 x 3.3 x 0.3 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer, Gyroscope. Capacitive touch screen, Dragontrail glass, 2.5D glass. MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 128 GB). Auto focus, Effects, Geotagging, Multi-shot, Panorama, Self-timer, Dual camera feature (2 MP 2nd camera), Phase detection, HDR, Time lapse. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. Full HD (1920 x 1080 pixels), 30 fps. MIDI, MP3, MP4, eAAC+, AAC+, AAC, WMA, WAV, M4A. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. Downloadable, Pre-installed (Google Drive, Google Play Movies, Google Play Music). Other Names (AKA): ZTE Z982. Manual (PDF) ZTE Blade Z Max Reviews Where to buy ZTE Blade Z Max. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. LTE: 1700/1900/700/850 MHz Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. Help inform others by sharing your experience with ZTE Blade Z Max. The best thing about the Blade Z Max, besides its price, is its outstanding battery life. Among its impressive feature set, it delivers a good display and an excellent finger scanner. But despite having a dual camera, only the main shooter is remarkable - the poorly implemented dual-lens modes ar... The best thing about the Blade Z Max, besides its price, is its outstanding battery life. Among its impressive feature set, it delivers a good display and an excellent finger scanner. But despite having a dual camera, only the main shooter is remarkable - the poorly implemented dual-lens modes aren't worth your time. Definitely consider if you're on a budget.. An absolute steal considering what it offers. The ZTE Blade Z Max punches well above its weight class. The phone may be a little boring to look at, but ZTE selected good materials and put them together well. The enormous screen is bright and colorful, data performance is quite good, and battery life is among the best available.. The ZTE Blade Z Max punches well above its weight class. The phone may be a little boring to look at, but ZTE selected good materials and put them together well. The enormous screen is bright and colorful, data performance is quite good, and battery life is among the best available.. As always, the big question is price — do the improvements on the ZTE Blade Z Max warrant an increase from $100 to $130? I tend to think so, although it depends on what you value in a phone. If you don’t care about taking pictures at all, I’m sure you could probably find an even... As always, the big question is price — do the improvements on the ZTE Blade Z Max warrant an increase from $100 to $130? I tend to think so, although it depends on what you value in a phone. If you don’t care about taking pictures at all, I’m sure you could probably find an even cheaper phone that suits your needs. But, if you can’t spend much on a phone and still want to take pictures that you can be happy looking back on, The Blade Z Max is still a really good deal. I was skeptical, but the camera array does a pretty good job with depth-of-field effects, and pictures taken with decent lighting tend to turn out pretty well for the price.. A potential game-changer in the budget smartphone scene. At $130 and with modern features, you can afford to buy this phone - even if it's just to keep as a backup.. At $130 and with modern features, you can afford to buy this phone - even if it's just to keep as a backup.. Buy the Blade Z Max if you’re on a budget and want to be on MetroPCS. There are better-performing budget phones, but they cost almost twice as much. If you want a solid dual-lens camera and lengthy battery life without spending much more than $100, the Blade Z Max is your best bet $229.99 Best Buy. Buy the Blade Z Max if you’re on a budget and want to be on MetroPCS. There are better-performing budget phones, but they cost almost twice as much. If you want a solid dual-lens camera and lengthy battery life without spending much more than $100, the Blade Z Max is your best bet $229.99 Best Buy. I hate it doesn't work zero star. I hate it doesn't work zero star freezing every second. ZTE Blade Z Max Review: Several Note 8 Features in a $129 Phone!. LG Stylo 3 Plus VS ZTE Blade Z Max. ZTE Blade Z Max First Look!. How To Unlock MetroPCS ZTE Blade Z Max Z982.. ZTE Blade Z MAX Hidden Menu & UI Tuner. ZTE Blade Z Max Full Review! Budget BEAST!. ZTE Blade Z Max Why you should consider it!. ZTE Blade Z Max First Look: Premium Features for $130. BREAKING NEWS!! ZTE BLADE Z MAX IS HERE! $129. ZTE Blade Z Max Camera Test // Look, Dual Cameras!. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
USD $ EUR € GBP £ CAD $. Home Contact UnlockBase Cable Unlock Software Currency: USD Support e-mail Track your Order LOGIN. $ USD € EUR £ GBP $ CAD. Is this product being sold elsewhere for a lower price?. Price match requests are handled by professional sourcing staffs.. Please fill in the short form below and we will try to work with our suppliers to match their price or provide an even better deal.. If the reported product is identical to our product, and lower priced sources are found, prices on product pages will be updated within 48 hours (Mon-Fri) after price match is received.. Unless you are already on our newsletters list, we will not send any e-mail to you that are not related to this review.. Step 2/4 : Provide your IMEI & E-Mail. Order the Unlock Code of your ZTE Blade Z Max. DELIVERY: 1 to 24 hours. Warning: If your phone is from MetroPCS USA please read this. When I order an Unlock Code for my ZTE Blade Z Max, what will I receive?. If your ZTE Blade Z Max comes from MetroPCS USA then it's most likely your Cell Phone is locked with "Device Unlock App" and not asking for a unlock code (SIM Network Unlock PIN). In this situation it's very important to order the unlock of your device using this special service:. For MetroPCS USA: https://www.unlockbase.com/phone-unlocking-service/metropcs-device-unlock-app-official-unlock/. With all ZTE Blade Z Max Unlocking Code orders we usually deliver a complete set of unlocking codes. Most of the time you just need the Network Code (NCK) but when needed you'll also receive Unfreeze Code, Reset Key, or Service Provide Code. In the same email that includes your unlock code(s), you will also receive complete instructions on how to use it. Usually, you just insert the SIM card in the phone you want to use and the phone will prompt you for the unlock code. In case you need any assistance, our customer support is always there to answer any questions you might have. We will get back to you within less than 12 Hours from Monday to Friday.. I accept the Terms & Conditions. How to Unlock ZTE Blade Z Max?. Insert SIM card from a source different than your original Service Provider (i.e. if you have a Rogers phone, use a non-Rogers SIM card),. Phone will ask you to enter Sim unlock pin. Any suggestion? Want to help us improve our Guideline to unlock ZTE Blade Z Max ? or those are not accurate ? Please contact us. UnlockBase is an incorporated company, we've been unlocking cell phones for 7 years now and strives to provide the best service for our clientele.. All products, and company names, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed are registered® and/or unregistered trademarks™ of their respective owners. UnlockBase is not associated with or sponsored by ZTE. The authors of this web site are not sponsored by or affiliated with any of the third-party trade mark or third-party registered trade mark owners, and make no representations about them, their owners, their products or services.. Rated 4.9 out of 5 from 9201 reviews. I give 4 stars because they send me several code instead of 1 code it's very annoying because I have to try several codes before I get one works other provider only provide one code.. I had a problem but they resolved it quickly. I recommend this website to anybody who wants their phone unlocked. Once again thank you and I have been using this website for over six years. Very simple process which worked first time - received codes within 3 days. Телефон разблокировали очень быстро сервисом очень доволен хотя и чуть-чуть дороговато. UB Software Limited - 156 Shirley Street & Mount Royal Avenue - Nassau – The Bahamas. Registration Number 1784454 - Copyrighted by Copyright Deposit - Monitored by CopyScape - DO NOT COPY. 
