8.0% of users bought products in this price range.. 42.0% of users bought products in this price range.. 30.0% of users bought products in this price range.. 15.0% of users bought products in this price range.. 5.0% of users bought products in this price range.. 2PCS For Glass ZTE Axon 7 Mini Screen Protector Tempered Glass For ZTE Axon 7 Mini Glass For Axon7 Mini Protective Film Wolfsay. Rated 4.4 /5 based on 1119 customer reviews. USB 3.0 Type C usb quick Charge Charger Cable for Xiaomi mi 5/5s Huawei p10 nova/Lenovo zuk z2 2 pro/ ZTE axon 7 /nubia z11/ mini s. Rated 4.8 /5 based on 1076 customer reviews. Tempered Glass Protector For ZTE blade a1 a452 a510 a610 axon 7 l2 l3 l5 v5 v7 lite x3 x7 s7 s291 nubia z5s z7 z9 z11 mini case. Rated 4.5 /5 based on 844 customer reviews. Online Wholesale zte axon 7 mini:. Popular zte axon 7 mini Products:. Big promotion for zte axon 7 mini:. Low price for zte axon 7 mini:. Discount for cheap zte axon 7 mini:. Customer Service , Disputes & Reports , Making Payment , Delivery Options , Buyer Protection , New User Guide , Report IPR infringement. Russian , Portuguese , Spanish , French , German , Italian , Dutch , Turkish , Japanese , Korean , Thai , Vietnamese , Arabic , Hebrew , Polish. All Popular , Product , Promotion , Low Price , Great Value , Retail , Reviews. Alibaba Group Website , AliExpress , Alimama , Alipay , Fliggy , Alibaba Cloud , Alibaba International , AliTelecom , DingTalk , Juhuasuan , Taobao Marketplace , Tmall , Xiami , AliOS , 1688. Intellectual Property Protection - Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Law Enforcement Compliance Guide © 2010-2018 AliExpress.com. 
We collect all deals from all sites! Subscribe to our newsletter. and get the best deals before everyone else!. Thanks for subscribing! You will receive e-mail confirmation soon. ZTE Axon 7 Mini (32GB, 3GB RAM) 5.2" 4G LTE GSM Factory Unlocked Android GOLD. ZTE Axon 7 Unlocked Smartphone,64GB Ion Gold (US Warranty). ZTE AXON 7 - 64GB - Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone. ZTE Axon 7 Unlocked Smartphone,64GB Ion Gold (US Warranty). ZTE Axon 7 Unlocked Smartphone,64GB Ion Gold (US Warranty). ZTE Axon 7 - 2in1 Phone Stand and Credit Card Holder, Red. ZTE Axon 7 - 64GB - Silver (Unlocked) Smartphone. ZTE Axon 7 Unlocked smartphone,64GB ROM 4GB RAM, US Warranty (Grey). ZTE AXON 7 - 64GB - Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone. ZTE Axon 7 Unlocked smartphone,64GB ROM 4GB RAM, US Warranty (Grey). Unlocked ZTE Axon 7 Mini B2017G Smartphone, Ion Gold, Snapdragon 617, Dual SIM Standby, 16MP Rear Camera, 5.2" AMOLED FHD Display, Dual Stereo Speaker. ZTE Axon 7 - 2in1 Phone Stand and Credit Card Holder, White. ZTE AXON 7 - 64GB - Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone. Unlocked ZTE Axon 7 Mini B2017G Smartphone, Ion Gold, Snapdragon 617, Dual SIM Standby, 16MP Rear Camera, 5.2" AMOLED FHD Display, Dual Stereo Speaker. ZTE Axon 7 Unlocked Smartphone, 64GB Ion Gold. ZTE Axon 7 Mini - 32gb - Factory Unlocked Phone - (Platinum Grey). ZTE Axon 7 Mini - 32gb - Factory Unlocked Phone - (Platinum Grey). ZTE Axon M - Cellet Auto Visor Holder, Black. ZTE Axon 7 - 64GB - Silver (Unlocked) Smartphone. ZTE Smart Folio Case for Axon 7 Mini - Gold. ZTE AXON 7 Mini B2017G 32GB Ion Gold (Unlocked) used clean gsm global usa. ZTE Smart Folio Case for Axon 7 Mini - Gold. ZTE Protective Cell Phone Case for Axon 7 Mini - Black. ZTE Axon 7 - 2in1 Phone Stand and Credit Card Holder, Pink. ZTE Axon 7 - 64GB - Silver (Unlocked) Smartphone. Spigen Rugged Armor ZTE Axon 7 Case with Resilient Shock Absorption and Carbon Fiber Design for ZTE Axon 7 - Black. ZTE AXON 7 - 64GB - Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone. ZTE Smart Folio Case for Axon 7 - Gold. ZTE Smart Folio Case for Axon 7 Mini - Silver. ZTE Axon 7 - Full Screen View Wristlet with Complete Touch Control, Black. ZTE Axon 7 Mini B2017G Unlocked Gold, Clean ESN. ZTE Protective Cell Phone Case for Axon 7 - Black. ZTE Axon 7 Mini - Factory Unlocked Phone - 32GB (Platinum Grey). ePartSolution_2X ZTE Axon 7 A2017 USB Charger Charging Port Dock Connector USB Port Replacement Part USA Seller. Blue ZTE Axon 7 Case, CRYSTAL Transparent Frosted Gel [TPU CANDY] Cover [SLIM] Bumper for ZTE Axon 7. ZTE Axon 7 - Universal Battery Charger with USB port, White. ZTE Axon 7 A2017U Unknwon Carrier Check ESN B. KHAOS For ZTE Axon 7 Mini Premium Tempered Glass Screen Protector [Anti-Scratch] [Anti-Fingerprint] [Bubble Free] (For ZTE Axon 7 Mini). ZTE AXON 7 Mini - 32GB - Ion Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone. ZTE Axon 7 Fast Charge USB Type-C Kit! True Quick Charging uses dual voltages up to 50% faster charge!. ZTE Axon Pro Factory Unlocked Phone, 64 GB Phthalo Blue (U.S. ZTE Axon 7 - Genuine Leather Hand-Crafted Phone Clutch with Wristlet, Black. ZTE Axon 7 64GB Gold Factory Unlocked Dual Sim Smartphone, 4GB Ram, US Version. ZTE Axon Pro Factory Unlocked Phone, 64 GB Phthalo Blue (U.S. ZTE Axon 7 Mini 5.3" 32GB Android 4G LTE B2017G (GOLD) Unlocked GSM PERFECT. Professional Kingston 32GB ZTE Axon 7 Mini MicroSDHC Card with custom formatting and Standard SD Adapter! (Class 10, UHS-I). ZTE Axon 7 - Clear view phone case with shoulder strap, Purple. ZTE Axon 7 mini 32GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Platinum Gray). USB Type C Cable Braided 6ft Fast Charge Cord for Samsung Galaxy Note 8 S8 Plus, ZTE Axon 7 A7 / Zmax Pro / Blade Spark / Max XL Duo, Google Pixel 2 XL, Nexus 6P 5X, Moto Z Z2 Force Droid Play. ZTE Axon 7 Mini 5.2" Unlocked Phone - Ion Gold. ZTE Axon 7 mini (gold) unlocked. Type C USB Cable 2-Pack [3ft+6ft] Braided Fast Charger Cord for Samsung Galaxy Note 8 S8 Plus, ,LG V30 V20 G6 G5, Google Pixel 2 XL, Nexus 6P 5X, Moto Z Play Droid Force, ZTE Zmax Pro Duo X Max. ZTE Axon 7 - Clear view phone case with shoulder strap, Black. ZTE Axon 7 Unlocked Smartphone64GB Ion Gold (US Warranty). NEW Sealed ZTE Axon 7 mini 4G LTE 32GB Memory Cell Phone GSM Unlocked Ion Gold. ZTE Axon 7 - Nylon Case with Belt Clip, Black. ZTE AXON 7 Mini - 32GB - Quartz Grey (Unlocked) Smartphone. Unlocked ZTE Axon 7 Mini B2017G Smartphone, Ion Gold, Snapdragon 617, Dual SI... ZTE Axon 7 - Rubber Silicone Stick-on Card Pocket, Black. We collect all deals from all sites! Subscribe to our newsletter. and get the best deals before everyone else!. Thanks for subscribing! You will receive e-mail confirmation soon. Best-deals.today © 2017 All Rights Reserved. Amazon, Amazon Prime, the Amazon logo and Amazon Prime logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. 1 / 1 1 / 1. ZTE 5.5" Blade V8 Pro Factory Unlocked Phone - Black Diamond. 3.8 out of 5 stars 189. Honor 5X Unlocked Smartphone, 16GB Dark Grey (US Warranty). 4.1 out of 5 stars 2,786. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Case, CoverON [FlexGuard Series] Slim Soft Flexible TPU Rubber Phone Cover Case for Axon 7 Mini - Black. 3.7 out of 5 stars 6. Comment: Accessories may have cosmetic damage. Item will come in original packaging.. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. ZTE Axon 7 Mini - 32gb - Factory Unlocked Phone - (Platinum Grey). This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Available from these sellers .. 16MP isocell sensor Camera, 8MP front facing Camera. 1.5 GHz OctaCore Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 with integrated Qualcomm Adreno 405 GPU, 2705 mAh non removable battery with Qualcomm quick charge 2.0. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Honor 6X Unlocked Smartphone, Dual Lens Camera and Dual SIM Standby, 3GB RAM, 32 GB ROM, Gray. ZTE 5.5" Blade V8 Pro Factory Unlocked Phone - Black Diamond. Honor 5X Unlocked Smartphone, 16GB Dark Grey (US Warranty). ZTE Axon 7 Unlocked Smartphone,64GB Ion Gold (US Warranty). ZTE Axon 7 Unlocked smartphone,64GB ROM 4GB RAM, US Warranty (Grey). LG Q6 - 32 GB - Unlocked (AT&T/T-Mobile) - Platinum - Prime Exclusive. # 1 Best Seller in Unlocked Cell Phones. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Axon 7 mini Case, ZTE Axon 7 mini Case, MicroP(TM) Dual Layer Armor Hard Slim Hybrid Kickstand Phone Cover Case for ZTE Axon 7 mini (Axon 7 mini Gray Kickstand Case). For ZTE Axon 7 Mini Tempered Glass, [ONLY FOR ZTE AXON 7 MINI] Nacodex HD Premium 0.3mm 2.5D Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film (For ZTE Axon 7 Mini). [2-Pack] Supershieldz for ZTE "Axon 7 Mini" Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [Full Screen Coverage] Anti-Scratch, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty (Black). Axon 7 mini Case, ZTE Axon 7 mini Case, MicroP(TM) Dual Layer Armor Hard Slim Hybrid Kickstand Phone Cover Case for ZTE Axon 7 mini (Axon 7 mini Navy blue Kickstand Case). ZTE Protective Cell Phone Case for Axon 7 Mini - Black. Axon 7 mini Case, ZTE Axon 7 mini Case, MicroP(TM) Dual Layer Armor Hard Slim Hybrid Kickstand Phone Cover Case for ZTE Axon 7 mini (Axon 7 mini Red Kickstand Case). What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?. Honor 6X Unlocked Smartphone, Dual Lens Camera and Dual SIM Standby, 3GB RAM, 32 GB ROM, Gray. Moto G Plus (5th Generation) - Lunar Gray - 64 GB - Unlocked - Prime Exclusive - with Lockscreen Offers & Ads. ZTE 5.5" Blade V8 Pro Factory Unlocked Phone - Black Diamond. Honor 7X - 18:9 screen ratio, 5.93" full-view display. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Joining the lineup, the ZTE Axon 7 Mini. We’re bringing a whole new meaning to the word mini. The same elegant Axon 7 design is now available in a smaller package and more compact version, delivering exactly what consumers are looking for. With Dolby Atmos Digital Surround Sound and vivid 1080p Full HD video, the Mini offers an immersive entertainment experience that is unmatched. Premium Performance and Long Battery Life allow you to do more without the need to constantly recharge and even charging is remarkably fast with Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0.. 4G LTE Unlocked Phone - supports AT&T, T-Mobile, MetroPCS, Cricket & other GSM-based networks.. 1.5 GHz Quad-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 (MSM8996) with integrated Qualcomm Adreno 405 GPU. 3 GB RAM + 32 GB ROM, microSD card expandable memory up to 128 GB. 5.2” AMOLED Glass 2.5, PPI 423. Rear-Facing Camera: 16 MP + Front-Facing Camera: 8 MP. Video Capture: 1080p FHD (30 FPS). HiFi Audio with Dolby Atmos Playback. 2705 mAh non-removable Battery ( (with Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0). Dimensions: 5.81" x 2.8" x 0.31". The Axon 7 Mini is packed with features --- an 8MP front-facing camera and 16MP rear-facing camera deliver truly striking photography, plus vivid 1080p Full HD video helps you record life’s most vibrant moments.. With two SIM card slots, the Axon 7 Mini travels with you to wherever the world wants to take you. Capture your entire journey with the 128GB MicroSD card slot, providing expandable memory whenever you need it.. Just like the flagship Axon 7, ZTE’s award-winning designers collaborated with Designworks, a BMW Group Company, to create a sleek, comfortable, aluminum unibody case, making it feel right at home in your hands.. Quick to charge, long to last. Axon 7 Mini’s Quick Charge 2.0 provides a full battery charge in 90 minutes, keeping you going without having to stop to recharge. In a hurry? Charge for just 30 minutes and get nearly 7 hours of talk time.. With Dolby Atmos Surround Sound, a state-of-the-art HiFi processor and dual front-facing speakers, the audio experience is simply amazing, especially with earbuds. Whether talking, streaming movies or videos, listening to or recording music, the Axon 7 Mini is an optimized mobile entertainment experience.. The Mini just keeps on giving with a 1.5 GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon processor, 5.2” AMOLED screen, fingerprint scanner, slow-motion camera mode, and our Passport 2.0 Program, the Industry’s best warranty.. 0.31 x 5.81 x 2.8 in. 2.95 x 5.97 x 0.31 in. 2.73 x 0.32 x 5.61 in. 3.33 x 6.34 x 0.37 in. 3 x 5.94 x 0.32 in. 2.98 x 6.06 x 0.31 in. Android 7.0 Nougat + EMUI 5.0. ZTE Axon 7 Mini - 32gb - Factory Unlocked Phone - (Platinum Grey). ZTE Axon 7 Unlocked Smartphone,64GB Ion Gold (US Warranty). LG Q6 - 32 GB - Unlocked (AT&T/T-Mobile) - Platinum - Prime Exclusive. Huawei Mate 2 - Factory Unlocked (White). Huawei Honor 6X Dual Camera Unlocked Smartphone, 32GB Gold (US Warranty). Nokia 6 - 32 GB - Unlocked (AT&T/T-Mobile) - Black. The ZTE Axon 7 Mini is an unlocked smartphone that delivers the best acoustic experience unlike any other device in its category with its ground breaking high-fidelity audio experience along with its attention to design detail and performance of a high end smartphone that these discerning consumers have come to appreciate and expect.. 5.8 x 0.3 x 2.8 inches. Click here for Proposition 65 warning. #56,381 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #1,203 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. Safety Warning This product can expose you to chemicals including one or more listed chemicals which are known to the State of California to cause cancer or birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information, go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov. 5 star 43% 4 star 19% 3 star 10% 2 star 10% 1 star 18%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 4.0 out of 5 stars Beautiful build, excellent speakers, but the performance is choppy and the battery isn't great.. Note: I purchased my ZTE Axon 7 Mini on Best Buy because they were the only place that you could buy the gold version. As a YouTube reviewer, I’ve had the opportunity to use and review many of the latest and greatest smartphones of 2016, as well as many budget and mid-tier phones (all of which I have bought and purchased at full price). I would put the ZTE Axon 7 somewhere between budget and mid-tier based on the price alone. In this review I want to answer the question, is the ZTE Axon 7 Mini the best phone you can buy for $300, or should you consider spending a little more or a little less and get nearly an equal or better experience. My short answer to this question is no, the Axon 7 Mini is not the best phone for the price, but it is still a phone very worthy of your purchase. I’ve been using the phone for 10 days now (I got it on release day), and here are my thoughts so far: Performance: 4/5 - This is the second phone I’ve purchased this year with the Snapdragon 617 processor. The first one was the Moto G4 Plus. The Axon 7 Mini is a decent performer, but you will experience some minor lag from time to time, and if you are used to a high end phone, this may bug you. In comparison, I definitely felt that with the exact same processor the G4 Plus didn’t have the same issue. I’m pretty convinced that the MiFavor UI that ZTE uses on the Axon 7 Mini is to blame for the slowdown, but I have no empirical evidence. The occasional slowness is certainly not a deal breaker by any means, but just be aware that it will be there. Battery Life: 3.5/5 - The Axon 7 Mini will struggle to get you through a day, and that is partially due to ZTE electing to put a smallish battery in the Axon 7 Mini (2705 mAh). Again, I think that the UI is partially to blame here, but the battery size is also a culprit. The good news is that the Axon 7 Mini is a Qualcomm 2.0 fast charging phone, so you can get a full charge in right around 90 minutes, and you can get to 50% in about 30 minutes. Personally I am a very heavy user of my phone, and I generally keep all of my antennas on and working non-stop, but I always had to give the phone a quick charge in the evening after work to get through a full day. In general I could get just over 3 hours of screen on time, which isn’t great. Camera: 4/5 - Once again, the Axon 7 Mini is decent here, but will not wow you in any way. The camera is good, but does not compete with the quality or quickness of cameras on the high end phones like the S7, LG V20, or the iPhone 7. In truth we shouldn’t expect it to either. The 16mp camera on the Mini takes good pictures in good lighting, but the slowness will be evident here. In less than optimal lighting the picture quality will be grainy and lack detail. Like it’s big brother (the Axon 7), the Mini tends to favor night mode and HDR mode even when the picture you are taking isn’t all that dark, which is partially to blame for the shutter delay on occasion. The front facing camera tends to overexpose and I definitely don’t recommend the beauty mode. Neither camera is great, but again, they aren’t terrible either. Software: 3.5/5 - The MiFavor UI doesn’t add a ton of bloat to Android 6.0, which in my opinion is a good thing, but it does add some useful and other not so useful additions to Android Marshmallow. For a detailed look at the software please check out my video. Hardware: 4.9/5 - The hardware is definitely a high point for the Axon 7 Mini, and is probably its biggest selling point outside of the price. The build quality is phenomenal, the fingerprint sensor works 95% of the time, and the speakers are just as good as the one’s on the Axon 7, which is to say that they are the best speakers on a smartphone that I am aware of. In addition to these things, for me the size of the phone is a very comfortable size to hold in my hand and keep in my pocket. This has a 5.2” Full HD Amoled screen, and in my opinion this is a good sweet spot. For me the biggest selling point of this phone is easily the hardware! Conclusion: Is this the best phone you can get at this price point, no, but it is still a good phone. For my money I would say go ahead and spend the extra $100 and get the Axon 7 or the OnePlus 3, and if you don’t want to spend that much, then I would say get the Moto G4 Plus. I still think the G4 Plus is my favorite mid-tier phone for 2016. With that said, there is a lot going for the Axon 7 Mini, and if you want a smaller phone with good overall performance and a beautiful build, then I would say the Axon 7 Mini is a buy for you. If you have any questions about this phone or any of the other phones mentioned in this review please don’t hesitate to contact me through the email address in my reviewer profile.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Amazing quality. My iphone now is rotting in my kitchen junk drawer.... Color: Platinum Grey | Verified Purchase. These are my true thoughts...I feel like apple is treating their customers like children, thus my feelings and grammar will be childish... My iphone actually is now my spare phone and sits IN MY KITCHEN JUNK DRAWER. Here are key points I have discovered owning this device... 1) I can use the same USB C cable to charge my 12" macbook **AND** this phone. 2) I do not need a DONGLE to use this phone with my macbook UNLIKE MY IPHONE (Stupid apple fanboys feel insulted by "dongle" and call it an "AdApTeR" It is a Fkn DONGLE.... DEAL WITH IT) 3) Headphone jack.... This delivers amazing quality to my Shure SE846 earphones($1000 earphones work on a 200$ phone that I cant use on my 900$ phone) F-YOU Apple. Bluetooth sounds like crap when you hear high end iems. 4)Mico SD slot...You mean you are not stuck with set memory like iphone7 and cannot upgrade it? Nope! 128GB card to the rescue at 32$ (32 DOLLARS TO UPGRADE to 128GB. F YOU APPLE.) 5) It just works and no need to pay for icloud upgrades. (Google is where is at and free google drive storage.) As you can see, I have always been a lifelong apple fanboy. But I decided to quite drinking their Koolaid! The grass is greener when you can just use the phone with what ever service, computer or charger and cable you want. F-YOU APPLE SERIOUSLY Applecare should include no extra fees after the upfront cost for your 2 incidents.. Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Great looking phone at a great price but mine had problems. Color: Platinum Grey | Verified Purchase. I bought the 7 Mini after reading every review for almost every comparable phone under $500. On paper it's a clear winner: best specs at the best price. I didn't have a good experience though with reception and wifi. The Good: - Beautiful phone. - Outstanding specs for the price - Mostly intuitive user features - Great screen - Fingerprint scanner is on rear...perfectly placed and works fast every time - Pretty fast switching and using multiple apps - Very good speakers. Probably best I've heard on a smartphone - Supplied soft case complemented the phone's good looks, doesn't slip, provides good grip and feel - USB-C crazy fast backup and transfers - Quick charges phone from 10% in >1 hr. This is a great feature and perfect for this phone The Bad: - Weak cell reception in my home. Never had this problem before and it's my major drawback - Battery hog. When on youtube or facebook for work I could get maybe 3-4 hrs max. Always kept a charger handy - The camera took good to great outdoor pictures. Indoor pics were usually bad and I take a lot of indoor pics. Always showed "low light" indicator, slow to focus, and resulted in mostly fuzzy unusable pics (not the case with other phones in same rooms). The camera software/interface wasn't very intuitive - Wifi stopped working after 3 months I just switched to a refurbished Samsung S7. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Had to send it back. This phone was okay as a budget priced(Less than $500.00) unlocked phone. I liked the size of the phone and the build quality. 3.0 out of 5 stars Decent Budget Priced Phone:. I have no problem wid my fone like the two spkrs that comes wid it. And Dolby sound still haven't figured out all the features it comes with it as yet. 4.0 out of 5 stars I have no problem wid my fone like the two spkrs that comes wid it. Great phone, exactly what I ordered, however the ear buds I got were absolutely disgusting, I don't know why you gave me used ear buds? Is this a joke?. 3.0 out of 5 stars Gave used earbuds. 5.0 out of 5 stars Nice phone. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 4.0 out of 5 stars Everything you ever wanted! Except.... When reviews tell you this phone has a horrid battery, don't be like me and assume it can't be all that bad. 2.0 out of 5 stars The battery is the worst thing in the world.. We have 3 of these in the family and all have been a great solution for having a "modern" phone while not breaking the bank and using an affordable carrier.. 5.0 out of 5 stars ... these in the family and all have been a great solution for having a "modern" phone while not breaking .... I ordered the ZTE Mini Cell Phone on Jan 4, 2018 - delivered Jan 10, 2018. I was expecting the ZTE to be not that big especially being a mini but I am getting used to it. 5.0 out of 5 stars 00 Pretty good deal. See and discover other items: huawei nova plus , front facing camera , zte smartphones , axon 7 mini , best smartphone , best cell phones. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The unlocked ZTE Axon 7 Mini's lower price comes at the cost of significantly pared down hardware. It's a decent midrange Android phone, but the Axon 7 is a better deal. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 8 Photos in Gallery. Not really "mini." Average hardware and performance. Lots of strong competition in the midrange market.. The unlocked ZTE Axon 7 Mini's lower price comes at the cost of significantly pared down hardware. It's a decent midrange Android phone, but the Axon 7 is a better deal.. We love the ZTE Axon 7. Six months after its release, it remains a well-built, well-equipped unlocked phone for an excellent price. In theory, that should make the less expensive ZTE Axon 7 Mini ($299) an equally attractive option. After all, it has the same premium build and similar high-fidelity audio capabilities as its larger sibling. Unfortunately, ZTE has fallen into the trap that many "mini" manufacturers make—the rest of the specs have been seriously pared down from the flagship Axon 7. That makes the Mini just another nice-looking midrange phone in a highly competitive market. You're better off paying a bit more for the full-on Axon 7 experience, or a bit less for the Motorola Moto G4 .. When it comes to size, the Mini is only slightly smaller than the Axon 7. In fact, the size difference is hard to notice unless you actually put both phones side by side (as you can see in the image below). The Mini measures 5.8 by 2.8 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and weighs 5.4 ounces, making it just a bit smaller and lighter than the Axon 7 (6.0 by 3.0 by 0.3 inches, 6.2 ounces), but not nearly as small as the more genuinely miniaturized Sony Xperia X Compact (5.1 by 2.6 by 0.4 inches, 4.8 ounces). Fractions of an inch don't make much of a difference when it comes to comfort, and we found the Axon 7 only marginally easier to use with one hand.. Left to right: Axon 7 Mini, Axon 7. The phone hasn't undergone any major changes in design, either. You get the same metal unibody build available in gray or gold, the same gently back, and the same button and port placement. a volume rocker and power button on the right side, a USB-C charging port on the bottom, a 3.5mm audio jack up top, and a SIM/microSD card slot on the left (which worked with a 256GB card). The back is home to a responsive fingerprint scanner set below the camera sensor.. The front has stereo speakers both above and below the display. They're every bit as loud as the pair on the Axon 7, for room-filling sound. When connected to the 3.5mm audio jack with a pair of Samsung Level Over headphones , the 24-bit hi-fi audio capabilities (powered by Dolby Atmos) come across clearly, in the form of ultra-crisp sound quality with powerful bass. It's not quite as advanced as the 32-bit playback available on the Axon 7, but my ears couldn't hear the difference. That said, more discerning audiophiles may prefer the LG V20 for its quad DACs and fine balance controls.. View All 8 Photos in Gallery. The Axon 7 Mini's 1,920-by-1,080, 5.2-inch AMOLED display is smaller, and less sharp, than the 5.5-inch Quad HD panel on its larger sibling. It has 423 pixels per inch ( ), compared with 538ppi on the Axon 7. That said, many other phones in this size range like the 5-inch Google Pixel , the 5.2-inch Blu Life One X2 , and the 5.5-inch Moto G4 also have 1080p panels. The Mini benefits from rich colors, great viewing angles, and a maximum brightness that's easy to see outdoors.. Like the Axon 7, the Mini is unlocked and works on GSM carriers like AT&T and T-Mobile, with support for LTE bands 1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/17/20/41. Network performance was solid in midtown Manhattan, averaging around 12Mbps down, which is similar to what we've encountered with other phones on AT&T's network recently.. The one big omission here is dual-band Wi-Fi. Only being able to connect on the 2.4GHz band leaves you with slower Wi-Fi performance and diminished range compared with the Axon 7. Of course, you don't get that on the G4 or the X2 either. You still get NFC, which allows you to make mobile payments, among other things.. See How We Test Cell Phones. Transmissions come across clear and natural, and noise cancellation is effective at blotting out background sound. Earpiece volume is loud enough to be heard in a noisy environment, as is the speakerphone.. The phone is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 processor. It's a midrange chipset, nowhere near as powerful as the Snapdragon 820 you get the larger device. There's also less RAM, 3GB instead of 4GB. Unsurprisingly, this results in significantly lower benchmark results. The Mini scores 43,165 on AnTuTu, which measures overall system performance, which is a lot lower than the Axon 7's 141,989. It's on par with other midrange phones like the Snapdragon 617-powered G4 (46,260) and the Snapdragon 430-powered X2 (43,984).. That said, performance is still fairly smooth. While we encountered some stuttering when running lots of apps in the background, it wasn't any worse than you'll encounter on most midrange phones. A software update pushed out during testing seems to reduce many instances of sluggishness. The phone also handles games like Asphalt 8 and GTA: San Andreas without any difficulty.. The phone clocked 5 hours, 3 minutes in our rundown test, in which we stream full-screen over LTE at maximum brightness. That's an hour less than the Axon 7 despite its larger, higher resolution screen, and also less than the G4 (5 hours, 58 minutes) and the Life One X2 (6 hours, 16 minutes). The phone supports Qualcomm's Quick Charge 2.0, letting it charge to full in roughly an hour, and an Ultra Power Saving reduces brightness, turns off background apps, and restricts background processes to sip power.. Camera performance on the Mini's 16-megapixel rear sensor is solid, but it isn't particularly noteworthy. The phone takes good shots outdoors under brightly lit conditions, but compared with the 20-megapixel sensor on the Axon 7, it doesn't capture as much detail. In a shootout with the Axon 7 (in default Auto HDR mode), we noticed more instances of noise, a slower autofocus, slower shutter speeds, and notably worse low-light performance. The 8-megapixel front sensor is and still takes good selfies and video.. The cameras are comparable with the Moto G4 in terms of overall performance, but the Mini has the advantage of manual controls that let you adjust white balance, shutter speed, ISO, exposure, and focus. The camera is also capable of recording 1080p video at 30fps, which is again on par with the G4, but a far cry from the sharp 4K recording capabilities of the Axon 7.. The Mini comes running Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow and ZTE has promised an update to Android 7.0 Nougat. The UI is the same as you get on the Axon 7—MiFavor 4.0—which is a somewhat heavy software layer in that it alters the lock screen, notification shade, app icons, and settings menu. You have the option of switching to a more classic Android though, which is what we went with.. You also have the same set of built-in features like Mi-Pop, which lets you add a software button to the side of the screen to improve one-handed use. There are , motion, and voice controls like double-tap to wake, three-finger pinch to screenshot, voice unlock, and shake for. Some are more useful than others, but all are optional.. The only preloaded apps on the phone are Toolkit, File Manager, and a WeShare app that lets you transfer data between phones. I actually found all three to be useful. Out of 32GB of storage, though, you're left with just 19.64GB free. Fortunately, if you need more space a microSD card can be used, and you can take advantage of Marshmallow's Adoptable Storage feature, which lets you treat the card like internal storage.. While the ZTE Axon 7 Mini costs $100 less than its larger sibling and has the same premium build quality, it makes a number of compromises to reach its lower price point. Many of the things we love about the Axon 7, like its Quad HD display, Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB of RAM, big battery, and dual-band Wi-Fi are all absent here. Rather than looking at it as a "mini" version of the Axon 7, you should instead look at the Axon 7 Mini as an entirely different phone. Ultimately, it's up against other midrange options like the Moto G4 and the Life One X2, both of which offer similar performance for $100 less. The G4 is a particularly compelling alternative since it has a cleaner UI and support for all major US carriers. If you're looking for a truly compact phone that doesn't compromise on its specs, the Google Pixel is your best option, but it costs twice as much. Most people will still get the best combination of price and performance by paying $100 more for the Axon 7, which remains our Editors' Choice.. Bottom Line: The unlocked ZTE Axon 7 Mini's lower price comes at the cost of significantly pared down hardware. It's a decent midrange Android phone, but the Axon 7 is a better deal.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag.com's lead mobile analyst, Sascha Segan, has reviewed hundreds of smartphones, tablets and other gadgets in more than 13 years with PCMag. He's the head of our Fastest Mobile Networks project, hosts our One Cool Thing daily Web show, and writes opinions on tech and society.. Segan is also a multiple award-winning travel writer. Hands On With Lenovo's Flex 14 and Yoga 730. Hands On With Lenovo's New Chromebooks. Carriers Tout Galaxy S9 Prices, Speeds. Hands On With the LG V30S+ ThinQ. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Phones More Products Support Blog Forum Store. Phones More Products Support Blog Forum Store. $100 off regular price plus free standard shipping! *. * Promotional pricing valid to March 31, 2018. Weighing only 153 grams and featuring a 5.2’’ AMOLED Full HD Display, Axon 7 Mini is built to fit effortlessly into your everyday life. With Dolby ATMOS Digital Surround Sound and dual stereo speakers, enjoy crystal clear HiFi audio anywhere you go. Capture striking photos and vivid Full HD video with Axon 7 Mini’s 16 megapixel camera. Axon 7 Mini is powered by Qualcomm’s Octa-Core Snapdragon™ 617 Processor, one of the most sophisticated smartphone chipsets in the world. Axon 7 Mini won't stop until you do.. Designed with you in mind, Axon 7 Mini delivers premium smartphone performance at an unbeatable price.. Weighing only 153 grams and featuring a 5.2’’ AMOLED Full HD Display, Axon 7 Mini is built to fit effortlessly into your everyday life. With Dolby ATMOS Digital Surround Sound and dual stereo speakers, enjoy crystal clear HiFi audio anywhere you go. Capture striking photos and vivid Full HD video with Axon 7 Mini’s 16 megapixel camera. Axon 7 Mini is powered by Qualcomm’s Octa-Core Snapdragon™ 617 Processor, one of the most sophisticated smartphone chipsets in the world. Axon 7 Mini won't stop until you do.. SIM 1: Nano (4FF) SIM 2: Nano (4FF), which also supports microSD™ expansion up to 128 GB when not in use for additional SIM. GSM / CDMA / HSPA / LTE. 5.2" AMOLED Glass 2.5, PPI 423, Gorilla Glass Gen 4. Aluminum Full Metal unibody, CNC Techniques for accurate and consistency milling of metal exterior for ultra smooth finish and curves(G2 Level). 1080 x 1920 pixels (~424 ppi pixel density). Rear 16MP, Samsung ISO-cell sensor, sapphire lens, EIS+ PDAF, F/1.9, Powerful dual LED Flash. 1080p FHD (30 FPS) / 720p HD (30 FPS), Slow Motion mode: 720p @ 120fps. 1.5 GHz Quad-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 (MSM8952) with integrated Qualcomm Adreno 405 GPU 64-Bit Computing AKM 4962 VoLTE. 2705 mAh(Typical), non-removable, Quick Charge 2.0. 3 GB RAM + 32 GB ROM. microSD card expandable memory up to 128 GB. Channel: 2 channel (hi-fi), 1 channel (VAD). Directional Recording: Dimensional and Omni Directional. Recording Range: Up to 8 meters (approximately 26 feet). 4961 - HiFi main chipset to provide HiFi and recording features. Side Keys: Volume on Right/Lock on Right. - 4 to 140°F（-20 to 60°C）. 2-year limited warranty + Axon Passport Program. can't keep network connection Review by chris. This was my first experience at buying an unlocked phone. At a quarter of the price of the phones at the store, I thought I couldn't go wrong (I'm not a heavy user). However, I cannot keep a network connection to ATT. I live in a very suburban area with strong network signals. However, I'm without a network connection at least 1/3 of the day. It's very frustrating when texts don't come through or send for hours and people tell me they have called, but no call has ever come through. I'd stay away--I wish I could return the phone, but it seems i'm stuck with it. Spent $200 on what will eventually end up in the trash can when I finally get tired of dealing with it. would definitely not buy Review by nicole. Have had so many problems with this phone. cant get parts (cracked screen fixed) anywhere but sending it to ZTE to get fixed which takes 3 or more weeks start to finish. and extremely limited accessories online at ebay or amazon, you have to go through ZTE. They have made it so they are the only suppliers for parts and accessories for the phone and its a HASSLE. And when you ask them about lack of accessibility their answer is " thats our policy". Phone is nice service is non existant Review by Steven. I like my phone however I have sent 2 mails regarding Nougat update and no response. Called customer support and they PASSED THE BUCK and could not answer any question about Nougat update. This is why I will not consider another ZTE product (Posted on 7/12/2017). Great product and people Review by David. Best phone I've ever owned and the great people at ZTE make it better. the best phones i have ever used .. <3 <3 (Posted on 11/10/2016). Please log in or register to give us a review.. Check out the latest support materials here for your device.. Download user manuals, read FAQs, and upgrade your device's software.. Expand All | Collapse All. What can I do if the phone freezes, crashes, reboots, or there is a power failure?. Update software if an update is available. Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> Updates. - Third party apps may cause these issues. Try uninstalling those apps to see if that resolves the issue. - If you can turn on the phone, back up your data on the phone and attempt to restore factory settings. Note: Restoring factory settings removes your data. To reset factory settings, press: Settings ==> All settings==> Back up & reset ==> Factory data reset ==> Reset Phone. - If you cannot power on the phone:. Try to open Recovery mode by pressing the volume up key and the power key simultaneously. Use the volume key to highlight wipe data/factory reset and the power key to select it.. What can I do if I forgot the pattern lock on the phone?. If the phone has a Gmail account set up, after entering the wrong password 5 times:. Touch "? Forgot Pattern" in the bottom right corner of the screen. Enter your Gmail account username and password. Note: You must be connected to the network. - If no Gmail account is set up on the phone, you can restore factory settings. Press the power key and volume up key at the same time to go into recovery mode. Use the down volume key to move the highlight to: wipe data/factory reset. Press the power key to select it. Use the down volume key to move the highlight to Yes. Press the power key to select it. Note: Factory reset erases all of your data.. What can I do when the phone can send E-mail messages but not receive messages?. The most common cause is wrong information entered for the incoming mail server and incoming port.. How do I set other locking methods for the phone besides long press locking?. Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> Security ==> Screen lock. Why does the phone get hot while charging?. Some parts in the charging circuit may become warm during charging. Just charging will not cause the handset to get too hot. If there is a heavy load on the unit during charging, it may cause the phone to become too hot. Avoid using the phone during recharging to prevent the phone from getting too hot.. What should I do if the phone runs slowly?. Try these steps to improve performance:. - Stop apps that are running in the background. - Power off and restart the phone. - Back up the phone information and reset it.. What should I do if I can't hear the other person in the calling?. - you have a good signal. - the earpiece is clear to hear the other person. - Redial the number or restart the phone.. What should I do if the person on the other end can't hear me?. - you have a good signal. - the mouthpiece is clear to speak into. - Redial the number or restart the phone.. Expand All | Collapse All. How can I share my contacts with another phone?. Touch the Menu key at the top right of the phone. How can I add another email account on the phone?. Touch: Settings ==>All settings==>Accounts==> + Add account. Select a category and follow the prompts.. How do I make the phone's font size bigger?. Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> Display ==> Font size. How do I use Bluetooth to transfer files to another mobile device?. Turn on Bluetooth in Settings and pair with the other device. Open the File Manager app and locate the files to transfer. Touch Menu in the upper right to open a menu. Touch the share icon at the bottom of the screen. Touch Bluetooth and follow the prompts.. How do I connect to WiFi?. Slide the WiFi button to ON. WiFi automatically looks for and lists available networks. Select the desired wireless network and type the password if necessary. When the phone connects to WiFi, it displays the WiFi icon at the top of the screen.. How do I save pictures attached to a text message and where are they stored?. Touch the icon to the right of the picture. Touch the icon to the right of the filename. The phone saves the picture to the Download folder.. How do I delete an email account on the phone?. Open the Email app and touch the Menu icon in the upper right. Touch Settings and touch the account to delete. Scroll down and touch Remove account.. How do I install apps from a computer to the phone?. To install apps from a computer to the phone, follow these steps:. Copy the apps to install to the phone. Open File Manager to find the app, the .apk file. You can install apps through third party PC software. Contact the software supplier for more details. After connecting the phone to the computer, when the phone identifies the third party PC software, you can directly install apps through the third party PC software.. How can I enter text using my voice?. When you can enter text, tap the microphone and begin speaking. The microphone icon is usually next to the spacebar.. How do I add multiple phone numbers for a single contact?. Open the contact in the Contacts app. Under Phone, tap Add one more. Use the down arrow to choose the number type.. How do I disable the sound and keypad vibration?. Touch Settings ==> Language & input ==> Google keyboard ==> Preferences. Uncheck Vibrate on keypress and Sound on keypress.. How do I turn off the sound I hear when taking a picture?. Touch the menu icon at the top left of the screen. How do I add and delete contacts to the Favorites list?. To add a contact to the Favorites list:. Open the Contacts app and the contact to add to your Favorites list. Touch the star at the top right corner of the screen to add it to the list. To remove a contact from the Favorites list:. Touch Favorites at the top of the screen to open the Favorites list. Touch the star at the top right of the screen to remove it from the list.. Does the phone support downloading music and videos from websites?. Yes, it supports this even when there is no SD card in the phone.. In the Gallery, touch and hold the picture. Tap the trash icon at the top of the screen to delete the picture.. Expand All | Collapse All. How can I save battery power and maximize standby time?. Turn off features you aren't using that use power. - Disable the data connection to prevent producing unnecessary network traffic when you don't need to connect to the Internet. Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> Dual SIM settings. Uncheck the box for SIM 2 Moblile data. - Turn off the automatic E-mail synchronization. Touch the name of the account for the sync System settings to change. Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> Location. Turn off the button in the upper right corner of the screen off. Disable apps you don't use often to save power, release memory, and improve the running speed of apps. Touch: Settings ==> All settings ==> Apps. Touch the name of the app and touch Force stop. Stop the LED from blinking when there are missed calls or unread messages. Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> Display ==> Breathing light. - Prevent the browser from displaying pictures.. How do I check the status of battery power?. Settings ==> All settings ==> Power manager. Expand All | Collapse All. Does the phone support voice recording?. Yes, use the Voice Recorder app to make recordings.. Is there a limit to the number of browsing windows I can open at one time?. The Android system supports multiple browsing windows with no limit. Opening many windows at the same time consumes system memory and that may affect app execution speed.. Expand All | Collapse All. How do I create a folder on the home screen?. Touch and hold an app icon on the home screen until Folder displays in the upper left. Drag the app icon to the Folder link and drop it. The phone creates the new folder on the home screen. To change its name, tap it to open it, and touch and hold the folder name for 2 seconds until the keyboard displays. To add more apps to the folder, drag and drop them onto it.. Can I open Word and txt format files on the phone?. Yes, you can use the third party app software, such as Kingsoft Office, to view Microsoft Office Word, Excel, and PowerPoint files.. How many contacts can I add to a group?. How do I change the phone language?. Settings ==> Language & input ==> Language.. How do I add a frequently used contact to my home screen?. In the Contacts app, open the contact, touch the Menu key in the upper right corner and choose: Add a shortcut to the desktop. How do I create a music playlist?. Tap + icon next to My playlist. Type a name for the playlist and tap Save. Tap Add at the bottom of the screen and choose songs.. How do I set the date and time?. Settings ==> All settings ==> Date & time.. How do I uninstall an app?. Touch the app to delete and tap Uninstall. The phone confirms you want to uninstall the app. Note: System apps cannot be uninstalled.. Yes, using the Voice Search app. When it says "Listening...", speak a command, such as "Call (contact name)" or "Open (app name)".. Note: The phone must be connected to the Internet.. How do I back up my data?. Use your Gmail account or third party software. Tap Settings ==> Backup & Reset. Touch Gmail and follow the prompts to set up an account or to create one. For third party software, contact the software provider for details.. How do I change the input method or keyboard?. Tap Settings ==> Language & input. Under Keyboard & Input Methods, choose a different method.. Will the camera automatically adjust to lighting conditions?. In Manual mode, when White balance is set to Auto, the camera automatically detects the lighting condition and adjusts the brightness.. How do I use the phone as a USB drive to export photos stored on the phone to a PC?. Use a USB cable to connect the phone to the computer. After the drivers install on the computer, touch Media device MTP on the menu on the phone. On the menu on the computer, choose: Open device to view files using Windows Explorer. Drag and drop files, including pictures, between your PC and the phone. For MAC OS, refer to www.android.com/filetransfer for more information.. How do I manually install a driver for the phone after connecting it to a Windows 7 computer?. Connect the phone to the PC. Touch Install driver on the menu. In Windows 7, in Computer, open My computer. Double click AutoRun.exe and install the driver.. How do I light up the screen after the phone has gone into standby (black screen) mode?. Press the power key to light up the screen.. How do I turn on Airplane mode?. Press and hold the power key until an option list with Airplane mode displays.. How do I quickly view the charging status of the phone?. While the phone is charging, press the power key. Press it again to see the lock screen. The charging status displays under the date.. How do I find the IMEI number of my mobile phone?. Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> About phone ==> Status ==> IMEI Information. How do I check the version of the mobile phone software?. Touch Settings ==> Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> About phone. How do I view which apps are running and stop them?. Tap the square icon on the bottom right of the screen to display running apps. Tap the X in the upper right corner of each box to stop the app or touch CLEAR ALL to close all apps.. How do I dial a voice call through a Bluetooth headset?. Connect your phone with a compatible Bluetooth headset. Press the call button on the Bluetooth headset. When you hear the phone say Speak now through the headset, speak into the headset. It understands phrases like Call (name of contact). Note: The phone must be connected to the Internet to use this feature.. How do I change the name the phone uses to identify with over Bluetooth?. Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> Bluetooth ==> Menu icon ==> Rename this device. How do I set the password to be invisible?. Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> Security. Under Passwords, disable Make passwords visible.. How do I adjust the idle time of the phone before it goes into sleep mode?. Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> Display ==> Sleep. How do I disable the dialpad touch tones, system touch sounds, and vibrate on touch?. Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> Sound & vibration. Under Others, disable Dial pad tones, Touch sounds, and Vibrate on touch. How do I adjust the brightness of the phone?. Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> Display ==> Brightness level. How do I move or delete the icons on the home screen?. Touch and hold the icon until the Remove link displays at the top of the screen. Drag the icon to another location on the screen or to another screen, and drop it to relocate it. Drop it onto the Remove link to delete it.. How do I change the wallpaper?. Touch and hold on an empty place on the home screen to open a menu with wallpaper options.. How do I change the incoming call ringtone?. Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> Sound & vibration ==> Ringtones. Touch SIM1 or SIM2 to list ring tones. Touch each ringtone to hear a sample. If you added Recordings, tap Recording to use one for your ringtone.. How do I use my music file as my incoming call ringtone or notification ringtone?. Copy an MP3 file to the phone. Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> Sound & vibration => Ringtones. Touch Music at the top of the screen. Touch the song to use and touch OK.. How do I quickly quiet an incoming call and enable vibration?. Press the volume down key down all the way until the phone vibrates and the icon changes.. How do I dial and save a phone number that came in a text message?. Open the message and touch the phone number to dial it or save it to contacts.. How do I forward text messages?. Touch and hold the message to forward until a menu appears. Type a recipient or select a contact.. How do I change the resolution of the camera or video?. You can't change the resolution of the camera. You can choose the Picture size.. Where does the phone save the pictures and videos taken with the camera?. Select the Phone or select External devices. How do I check how much memory is available in the phone?. Settings ==> All settings ==> Memory. How can I conserve network traffic?. Disable the data connection to prevent unnecessary network traffic. Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> Dual SIM settings. Slide the bar for SIM1 Mobile data to off. Slide the bar for SIM2 Mobile data to off. Consider installing third party network traffic monitoring software to monitor the network traffic in real time to monitor unnecessary network traffic.. How can I use the GPS function and navigation software on the phone?. Enable GPS by touching Settings ==> All settings ==> Location. Turn on the button in the upper right corner. Use a map or navigation app. Android mobile phones include the built-in Google Maps app. Note :GPS consumes battery power and may shorten battery life.. Can I delete built-in apps customized by my service provider?. Usually you can't delete built-in, customized apps. You can delete some third party apps that aren't customized by the service provider.. How do I install apps on my phone?. You can search for and download apps in the Play Store app.. How can I enable apps to auto-update?. Open the Play Store app ==> Touch the Play Store icon at the top left of the screen ==> Settings ==> Auto-update apps. How can I back up and restore contacts on the phone?. You can Import and Export contacts between the internal phone memory and storage. To do so, in the Contacts app, touch the menu key at the bottom right of the screen and choose Import/export contacts. You can sync your contacts with your Internet Gmail account. If you haven't set up a Gmail account on your phone, or you don't already have an account, open Gmail on the apps screen and follow the prompts. Check if your account is already set to sync by touching the type of account in Settings under Accounts and touch the specific account in the next screen under Accounts. Can I use the flash when taking videos?. Yes, you can turn on the flash and have it on when taking videos.. How do I cancel the email notifications?. Open Email and the specific email account. On the Menu icon, touch Settings and choose the Email account. Uncheck the box next to Email notifications.. How do I create a group list for contacts?. In Contacts, touch Groups ==> New group. 2.Type a group name and add members to the group. How do I add an app shortcut to the home screen?. Touch and hold the appn icon until it displays thumbnails for the home screen. Drag the icon and drop it where you want it.. How can I set a specific ringtone, music file or sound recording for a certain contact in my phone?. Open the contact in the Contacts app. Touch the Edit icon and scroll down to Default. Touch the ringtone name under Ringtone and choose from the list of ringtones or Music or Recording at the top of the screen to display your music files or sound recordings and choose from those.. Expand All | Collapse All. How do I make a conference call?. Before doing so, verify with your service provider that your plan includes Call Waiting and Three-way calling.. While on a call, put the other party on hold and call the third party. Use the swap icon the bottom bar of the conversation to switch between calls. Use the Merge icon to combine the calls into a conference call.. Expand All | Collapse All. How do I prevent network downloading interruption?. Connect to WiFi to prevent downloading interruption with the Internet, including keeping it active when the phone goes into sleep mode. Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> Wi-Fi. On the nenu, touch Advanced ==> Keep Wi-Fi on during sleep ==> Always. How do I turn on data so I can log in to the Internet?. Make sure your plan includes data. Touch Settings ==> All settings ==> Dual SIM settings ==> Data/Call settings. Touch SIM1 or SIM2 and set Mobile data to on.. Does the phone switch to network mode if the WiFi signal disappears?. Yes, the phone automatically switches to the mobile network when the WiFi signal is weak or disappears. To avoid paying for data, disable data in Settings to ensure there is no data traffic over the mobile network.. Does the Wi-Fi disconnect from the network when the phone is in sleep mode?. Wi-Fi automatically disconnects from the network during sleep mode, and reconnects to the original access point when the phone turns on to conserve battery power.. Expand All | Collapse All. Why does the phone produce network traffic when opening the data connection?. The phone interacts with the network server when data is enabled and sends a request to the network server. The network server exchanges information to build a connection with the mobile phone. This activity produces a few kilobytes (KB) of network traffic. For the actual amount of traffic, consult your service provider.. How can eliminate an echo in a call?. The local network can affect the call sometimes due to bad reception. - Check if the other party has their speakerphone on or is using an earphone or vehicle mounted device. If so, ask them to switch to their phone to continue the conversation.. Axon 7 Mini SD Card Package Update (B12 - Android N) (ZIP - 1.82GB). Hotline Hours: Monday-Sunday 8am - 9pm (CST). If you have questions about how to use ZTE mobile devices or your device needs repair services, please contact our services hotline or email for more information.. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Co-Mol .... Be the first to review this product. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Folio .... ZTE Axon 7 Mini Folio .... Be the first to review this product. Be the first to learn about our newest items, promotions and events.. © 1998 - 2017 ZTE Corporation and ZTE USA. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Phones More Products Support Blog Forum Store. Phones More Products Support Blog Forum Store. $299.98 $199.98 * with free case + free shipping *Promotional pricing valid to March 31, 2018.. Weighing only 153 grams and featuring a 5.2" AMOLED Full HD Display, Axon 7 Mini is built to fit effortlessly into your everyday life.. With Dolby Atmos ® Digital Surround Sound and dual stereo speakers, enjoy crystal clear HiFi audio anywhere you go.. Capture striking photos and vivid Full HD video with Axon 7 Mini's 16 megapixel camera.. A sleek aluminum full metal body creates enticing curves and timeless appeal.. Axon 7 Mini is powered by the Qualcomm ® Octa-Core Snapdragon™ 617 Processor, one of the most sophisticated smartphone chipsets in the world.. Octa-Core Qualcomm ® Snapdragon™ 617 Processor + Adreno™ 405 GPU. An elegantly placed fingerprint scanner ensures security at every touchpoint.. Guarantee a home for all your favorite photos and videos with up to 128 GB of additional storage space.. Use the extra memory slot for all your stuff. Use SIM 2 for global travel. 15 hours of talk time 270 hours of standby time 50% charged in 30 minutes Axon 7 Mini won't stop until you do. Stay protected with the Axon Passport 2.0 Program, the industry's best warranty.. Sound Playback Codecs: Dolby Atmos ® + Dolby Digital Plus (7+1 Surround Sound) Sampling Frequency: 192 kHz. Channel: 2 channel (hi-fi), 1 channel (VAD). Sampling Frequency: 192 kHz MIC max input: 2.8 Vpp S/N ADC: 102 dB. Directional Recording: Dimensional and Omni Directional Recording Range: Up to 8 meters (approximately 26 feet) Dedicated Audio Chipset: AKM 4962. ISO-Cell Sensor, Sapphire Lens, EIS+ PDAF, F/1.9. Super Auto Mode (Night Shot, Auto HDR, Automatic Scene Optimization). Multi Function (Manual, Beauty Selfie, Slow Motion, Live Photo, Multi Exposure, Long Exposure). Features: Geo-tagging, Touch Focus, Face Detection, Panorama, HDR. 1.5 GHz Quad-Core Qualcomm ® Snapdragon™ 617. Integrated Qualcomm ® Adreno™ 405 GPU. SD Memory Slot expandable up to 128GB. Qualcomm ® Quick Charge™ 2.0. Time for Full Charge: 90 minutes. *Charge times based on use of in-box cable and power adapter.. Display: 5.2" AMOLED Glass 2.5, PPI 423, Corning ® Gorilla ® Glass Gen 4. Be the first to learn about our newest items, promotions and events.. © 1998 - 2017 ZTE Corporation and ZTE USA. 
Press enter or click on the search icon. Page 1 ZTE Axon 7 Mini. What is the ZTE Axon 7 Mini?. ZTE Axon 7 Mini – Design. The ZTE Axon 7 Mini is a mid-range phone made in the image of the Axon 7. If you’ve never heard of that phone, don’t worry; it’s not a blockbuster in the UK or US. Still, this lower-price version is perhaps more interesting, with a competitive price and still-solid features.. It has a slightly smaller screen, a lower-end camera and a lesser processor. But with a 5.2-inch screen it’s really not that “mini” at all – just normal-sized.. Highlights include seriously loud stereo speakers and a fingerprint scanner. Poor battery life and software quirks make this only a fair choice rather than a good one.. Related: Best Phones to Buy. The ZTE Axon 7 Mini has an aluminium body. However, this is a phone with a softer feel that doesn’t try to cash in on the cool and hard feel of metal too much.. Its back is softly curved, 7.8mm thick, and doesn’t have the tightly packed, dense-seeming construction of the OnePlus 3T. The fanciest phones seem as though their components are fused into an immovable, perfect piece of metal or glass, but the Axon 7 Mini’s back is more of a metal shell.. It’s attractive enough from the back, though. Around the front, the design is a little more questionable. Funny textured metallic plastic bits sit above and below the screen. They create inconsistency that doesn’t look great to my eyes. It’s a giveaway that we’re dealing with a mid-range phone rather than a top-tier one.. No big problem – the Axon 7 Mini is mid-range in price, too, after all. There are few complaints about the meat of the hardware either. The rear fingerprint scanner responds quickly and is recessed, easy to find by touch. Its side buttons are perhaps a little loud and clicky, but I’d rather have this than a spongy, indefinite feel.. The screen glass is ever so slightly curved at the edges, making this a phone with no hard edges at all. My review model has 32GB of storage and there’s a microSD slot in the SIM tray.. My favourite part of the hardware, and perhaps the whole phone, is the speaker array. The dotty grilles above and below the screen aren’t just another weird ZTE style choice; they cover the speaker drivers.. The ZTE Axon 7 Mini has among the loudest speakers in its class, and the sound doesn’t become an ear-serrating mess at top volume, either. This is one of just a few mid-range phones with drivers powerful enough to let you listen to a podcast while in the shower or standing next to a boiling kettle. The giant grilles are also just about impossible to block unless you actively try.. Get news, competitions and special offers direct to your inbox. By submitting your information, you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy .. Please keep me up to date with special offers and news from Trusted Reviews and other brands within the Time Inc. You can unsubscribe at any time.. We'd also like to send you special offers and news just by email from other carefully selected companies we think you might like. Your personal details will not be shared with those companies - we send the emails and you can unsubscribe at any time. Please tick here if you are happy to receive these messages.. Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Additionally, this phone has just about the only sound processing mode I don’t actively dislike. Dolby Atmos tweaks tunes to make their mix sound bigger, more expansive. Unlike most ‘surround’ modes it doesn’t make the audio sound weird or unnatural as a result. It works with either headphones or the internal speakers, and when used with the speakers it makes the sound a bit richer.. You can dig deeper, too, applying different Dolby Atmos profiles and making your own. Like the cinema version of Atmos, it’s worthwhile.. The ZTE Axon 7 Mini is one of the best phones at the price, if only for the quality of its speakers and audio processing.. One of the main cut-down parts of the ZTE Axon 7 Mini is its screen. The more expensive Axon 7 has a 5.5-inch QHD display, while the Mini has a 5.2-inch 1080p one.. It’s an AMOLED panel, bright enough to cope with sunny days, and unlike an IPS LCD it doesn’t lose brightness when viewed from an angle.. Some OLED phone makers don’t rein in these screens’ colours enough, but ZTE had done a good job here. In the settings menu there are some very tasteful screen tweaks that let you make the display a little more natural (less saturated), more saturated (dubbed “gorgeous”), warmer or cooler. All the modes look good because none give you the option to make the ZTE Axon 7 Mini comically oversaturated.. If you’re a real screen purist, you may be slightly disappointed by the “natural” mode, though, which is still richer-looking than the sRGB standard. Most of you will find true sRGB lacking energy these days, mind.. Trusted Reviews is part of Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Fashion & Beauty Network. 
GSM / CDMA / HSPA / LTE. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 20(800), 38(2600), 40(2300), 41(2500). LTE band 1(2100), 2(1900), 3(1800), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 12(700), 17(700), 20(800), 41(2500) - USA. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 147.5 x 71 x 7.8 mm (5.81 x 2.80 x 0.31 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). 5.2 inches, 74.9 cm 2 (~71.5% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~423 ppi density). Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow), upgradable to 7.1.1 (Nougat). Octa-core (4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.2 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 16 MP, f/1.9, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. - Dolby Atmos & Dolby Digital Plus audio enhancement. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - Fast battery charging: 46% in 30 min (Quick Charge 2.0). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. ZTE Axon 7 mini - user opinions and reviews. The Axon 7 mini does support dual SIM. You can fit the second SIM in the SD slot and it is fully functional. I am currently using it this way and is working fine.. Official Lineage OS just got released for that phone :). Got one from CanadaComputers, very clean Andriod preload. Only downside, I am disappointed; there is no wifi AC. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. ZTE Axon 7 Motorola Moto G5 ZTE Blade V8 Pro ZTE Axon mini Motorola Moto G5 Plus Huawei Honor 6X. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Axon 7 ZTE nubia Z17s ZTE Axon 9 ZTE nubia Z17. 
ZTE’s gorgeous Axon 7 Mini can’t keep up with cheaper budget phones. ZTE’s gorgeous Axon 7 Mini may look like a flagship, but it can’t compete with cheaper, faster budget phones.. ZTE’s gorgeous Axon 7 Mini may look like a flagship, but it can’t compete with cheaper, faster budget phones.. ZTE’s gorgeous Axon 7 Mini may look like a flagship, but it can’t compete with cheaper, faster budget phones.. Better options for less than $300. Geekbench 4: 700 single-core score, 1,753 multi-core score. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. Two phones should come to mind when you hear the words, “flagship killer”: The OnePlus 3T. Both cost $440 or less and run on Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 821 and 820 — processors that power many 2016 flagships that initially cost upwards of $650.. With the Axon 7 Mini , ZTE is looking to sweep the mid-range category, but it missed the mark. Budget smartphones are a dime a dozen these days, and they’re all solid devices — from Lenovo’s $250 Moto G4 Plus. and Huawei’s Honor 6X , to ZTE’s sub $200 ZMax Pro .. While the Axon 7 Mini may be a capable phone, its competition is priced lower and oftentimes performs better as well. At the price point of $300, you may as well shell out an extra $100 for the Axon 7, or save $50 with another, better, budget phone.. No one expects killer specs from phones that cost $300 or less, and there’s nothing too exciting about the Axon 7 Mini’s internals. It’s powered by Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 617 processor and comes with 3GB of RAM.. The device has 32GB of internal storage, but you can expand it up to 128GB thanks to the MicroSD card slot.. Unfortunately, the Mini’s performance isn’t up to snuff.. Its 5.2-inch AMOLED screen has a resolution of 1,920 x 1,080 pixels, and a 2,705mAh battery keeps all the lights on. You can recharge via the USB Type-C port, though it’s only equipped with Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0, not 3.0.. The display is pretty solid — it’s a little undersaturated, but it’s bright enough to see outdoors in direct sunlight. The Full HD resolution is more than adequate for this smaller-screened device, and you won’t see any dramatic flaws unless you’re a display snob. Unfortunately, the Mini’s performance isn’t up to snuff.. Sometimes it runs fine — not as fast as the Axon 7, but not slow enough that there’s a problem. Other times, there’s visible stutter and lag, whether you’re scrolling through apps on the Play Store, swiping down the notification drawer, moving through home screens, or perusing websites on Chrome.. Games like Tiny Archers are just okay — performance slows down when certain animations crop up, and the device can get warm. Heat isn’t an issue though, as it’s never unbearable. You will run into issues if you try to play more intensive games, though.. Here’s a quick look at the Axon 7 Mini’s benchmarks:. Surprisingly, these numbers run just a tad lower than the Moto G4 Plus, which has the same Snapdragon 617 processor. The Moto G4 Plus runs an almost stock-Android experience, so perhaps it’s ZTE’s MiFlavor UI that’s slowing the device down.. ZTE has kept the NFC sensor on the Mini — this, as well as the USB Type-C port give the device a leg up over other budget devices that cut these features to keep the price down.. The Mini is a mirror-image of its big brother, the Axon 7. From the smooth aluminum design and unique speaker grills to the fingerprint sensor, they look identical.Their primary differentiator is size — the Axon 7 is 5.5-inches and the Mini is 5.2-inches.. The high-end materials on the Axon 7 Mini are a welcome change.. The difference may seem small, but 5.2-inches allows most people to hold and interact with their device with one hand. The pocketable size may be one of the Axon 7 Mini’s most compelling features. There aren’t a lot of compact devices with comparable specs at this price point.. The slick aluminum phone is a little slippery, but it’s not much of an issue because of its smaller size. The buttons are clicky and responsive, and there are no capacitive buttons like on the Axon 7. Most budget phones tend to feel cheap and plasticy, so the high-end materials on the Axon 7 Mini are a welcome change. It looks like a flagship phone. The only budget phone that can match the Mini for design is the classy aluminum Honor 6X.. One of the Mini’s best features is its sound. ZTE popped stereo speakers on the front of the phone, which is a great feature you don’t often see on budget, or even flagship, phones. The speakers are paired with a Hi-Fi audio chip, which should produce incredible sound. The speakers are definitely much louder and stronger than most phones, but the sounds is a little tinny on certain songs.. Android skins are known to slow down the overall operating system and sometimes overwhelm the user experience, but ZTE has scaled back with MiFlavor UI. The software has different colors from stock Android, but it still maintains a familiar look with slight design tweaks.. MiFlavor UI may still be the culprit in slowing down the OS, though. Our experience with the Moto G4 Plus, which has the same processor and an almost stock Android experience, was far superior in speed.. However, ZTE’s user interface has a few gimmicky features that could be useful — like the touch-controlled functions with the fingerprint sensor. You can tap the fingerprint sensor to take a photo, and you can also accept a call the same way when when the device is ringing.. There’s also Mi-Pop, a floating circle that acts as quick-access to the navigation buttons. I found it fairly useless on the Axon 7 Mini, as the device is compact enough to easily reach the navigation buttons — I have large hands, though, so it could be helpful for someone with smaller mitts.. With the Axon 7 Mini, ZTE is looking to sweep the mid-range category, but it missed the mark.. But one of the worst, and most inconsistent experiences on the Mini is the fingerprint sensor. You have to get the exact center of the fingerprint on the sensor for it to work. Most of the time, angles and edges don’t work. Devices like the iPhone and Google Pixel can understand all edges of my finger, but I have to be specific with the Axon 7 Mini. It’s frustrating, and I often opt to use the pattern lock because it’s faster.. The Axon 7 Mini is also one of the first devices I have ever had to turn off vibration for — it’s obnoxiously loud when the device vibrates on a desk, and in the hand, vibrations feel far too vigorous.. MiFlavor on the Mini is based on Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, but a Nougat update should be on the way soon.. The December Android security patch arrived on the Mini in January, which is a good sign for security. However, it’s a real shame that the Mini has yet to receive the update to Nougat or a timetable for when to expect it.. The Axon 7 Mini has a 16-megapixel rear camera and an 8-megapixel front-facing selfie shooter. Image quality is okay, and the device is more than capable in broad daylight. Sometimes, the resulting images are even surprisingly lovely.. Unfortunately, the experience can be hampered by the camera app. It’s sluggish, but worst of all, there is noticeable shutter lag. That’s the delay from when you press the capture button and when the camera actually snaps the photo.. It’s worse in low-light situations, where you have to stay steady a good two seconds after you press the shutter button to make sure the shot isn’t blurry. Still, photos in low-light conditions are noisy, offer poor detail, and are often blurry.. With medium to high usage, our Axon 7 Mini usually lasts a typical work day. It’s usually at about 25 or 30 percent after 6 p.m. — but then again, we are power users. Others who don’t max out their phones as much as we do might see longer battery life.. ZTE Axon 7 mini Compared To. The 2,705mAh battery is only powering a 5.2-inch 1,080-pixel screen, and it should be plenty for you to use the phone for a day. We’ve had average results when leaving the phone on standby over the course of a few days, though.. Connected to Wi-Fi, it goes down to 60 or 50 percent by the second day if it’s left unused — that’s not too good. Still, you can get better results if you clear all your open apps.. ZTE offers a limited warranty that will cover your device from defects within one year of the purchase date.. The Axon 7 Mini is available for purchase from ZTE’s own website for $300, but several retailers like Best Buy and Amazon are offering the device for $200.. The Axon 7 Mini is priced appropriately. At $300, you get everything you can get from the $250 Moto G4 Plus — but you get NFC, an aluminum body, stereo speakers, as well as a USB Type-C charging port. With the $200 deal from other retailers, though, it’s a steal.. The sluggish performance and other annoyances are too big a deal to ignore when you’re still shelling out $200.. ZTE Smart Folio Case for Axon 7 Mini. ative Union BELT Cable USB-C to USB-C. If you couldn’t tell from this review, we think the Moto G4 Plus is an excellent alternative to the Axon 7 Mini. If those Mini-specific features are important to you, then you should stick with the device, especially since it’s affordable at the new $200 price tag from other retailers.. The Axon 7 Mini will likely get Android 7.0 Nougat, which will hopefully speed it up a little, but it’s unclear whether it will get an upgrade to the next Android version. It’s already sluggish for us, so we imagine it will only slow down even more over time unless you periodically factory reset your phone. No one should have to do that. It’s not water-resistant, either, so it’s not as durable as it could be.. At $300, even if it’s priced appropriately in terms of internal hardware, the processor isn’t capable of offering a smooth user experience. The same is still true if it’s priced at $200 — and it’s a clear fault of the software, not of the processor. Go get a Moto G4 Plus instead and you’ll be much happier.. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. ZTE's Axon 7 Mini prepares for budget battle (hands-on). The mostly-metal Android phone drops its size and yes, specs, to compete at an even lower price than the full-size Axon 7.. by September 1, 2016 7:30 AM PDT. Does this Axon 7 Mini look 'mini' to you?. ZTE Axon 7 Mini comes with a mini-er price. It's funny when you think anyone could refer to a phone with a 5.2-inch screen as "mini". But with the ZTE Axon 7 Mini and many other so-called diminutive devices, smallness is about cost and scaled-back hardware goods even more than it is about size.. On the outside, the all-metal 5.5-inch ZTE Axon 7 flagship and this mostly-metal 7 Mini look almost identical. Look closely and you spot a textured plastic material on the double speaker grilles.. Does this Axon 7 Mini look 'mini' to you?. Inside, the Mini has been almost completely rebuilt. The ZTE-inflected Android software, fingerprint reader (with NFC support) and front-facing camera are the same. Everything else is scaled-back, from the main camera and processor (which won't support Google Daydream , unlike the Axon 7) to the phone's battery-charging speed, and yes, the battery capacity itself.. What you get in exchange is a really good-looking device in gold or grey, that will cost €249 when it comes to Europe and China this month (we don't have prices in RMB) and $300 when it comes to the US in October through direct-to-consumer channels. The price in Euros converts to about £215 and AU$370.. ZTE Axon 7 Mini (platinum gray). ZTE Axon 7 Mini (Ion Gold). Visit manufacturer site for details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
ZTE Axon 7 Mini review: Smaller, but not as quick. A shiny little smartphone package that's almost a better deal than its sibling.. Remember small phones? The kind that easily fit into your pocket, a small clutch purse, or even your car's cup holder? Compact devices are making a comeback and ZTE is one of those companies that's latching on to the trend.. The Axon 7 Mini is indeed a shrunken-down version of its larger, 5.5-inch counterpart, the Axon 7 — and that's precisely what makes it such a good deal. You're getting the same svelte, aluminum unibody hardware, in addition to stereo speakers, solid mid-range specifications, and a camera that's pretty decent in favorable lighting conditions for $100 less than its older sibling. But the Axon 7 Mini would have been a better deal if its software didn't require so much editing.. The ZTE Axon 7 Mini is a capable, compact little package that's a worthy consideration at its $300 starting price point. But be forewarned that its software could become a force to reckon with over time.. Packs more into its pricepoint than other manufactuters. Software is packed with gimmicks galore. Camera struggles in low light environments. Not all apps will play nice with its mid-range processor. 8MP front camera, ƒ/2.2 lens, 1080p. I (Florence Ion) am reviewing the ZTE Axon 7 Mini after spending a week with it on AT&T's network in the San Francisco Bay Area. The phone is running Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow under ZTE's MiFavor UI 4.0. It did not receive software updates during my testing period.. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Hardware. One of the biggest complaints I hear is that smartphones these days are "just too big." That's all gradually changing, however, as more manufacturers concede to the fact that consumers like to have a choice. In this case, you can choose between ZTE's larger, supercharged Axon 7 smartphone, or the similarly-styled, mid-range Axon 7 Mini that's a bit more pocketable.. The Axon 7 Mini's aluminum gold chassis is hot. And the Mini's futurustic style makes you feel like you're carrying a device worth more than its price tag. The Mini's patterned and perforated speaker grilles also give it a cool edge and you'll notice that each speaker feels velvety to the touch. It's a nice contrast against the device's smooth back plate. And if you're just not that keen on gold, the Axon 7 Mini comes in silver, too.. One bummer of wielding a smaller device is that you're oftentimes compromising on the display size, but not so with the Axon 7 Mini. ZTE clearly whittled down as much as it could of the chassis around the Mini's 5.2-inch 1080p AMOLED display. There's almost no bezel on either side.. Using this phone gave me nostalgia for the smaller phones I used to wield simply because the Axon 7 Mini is easier to accommodate. I don't usually have this much luck with the Pixel XL , for instance; I have to choose a bag very carefully to accommodate its extra bulk, and I'm usually doing finger acrobatics to hold on to it, my car keys, and my wallet at the same time. By contrast, the Axon 7 Mini can be operated one-handed, and you won't feel like you're reaching across a scorching desert as you're extending an index finger along the back of the phone towards the rear-facing fingerprint sensor.. The Axon 7 Mini can be operated one-handed, and you won't feel like you're reaching across a scorching desert to access its fingerprint sensor.. The Axon 7 Mini makes me a little nervous with its protruding optics. I don't mind the center placement of the lens, but having it stick out so much that even the clear plastic case included in its box doesn't shield it makes it seem as if this were an overlooked design decision. I like the lens to be flat on the backside so that when you put on a case, there's a bit of buffer between the ground and the camera.. Casual games like Lumines run fine on the device's mid-range Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 processor and 3GB of RAM. But expect to encounter the occasional slow down. I experienced a few of my own with apps like Snapchat and Hulu. There were also a few instances where apps like PCMark crashed seemingly for no apparent reason. I'll be curious to see what ZTE's MiFavor UI 4.0 runs like six months from now, which is typically when systems start to exhibit slowdown. For now, expect relatively speedy performance as long as you're limiting your usage to two tasks at a time.. I'll be curious to see what ZTE's MiFavor UI 4.0 runs like six months from now.. Lastly, everyone's favorite topic: Battery life. I kept the Axon 7 Mini for about three days on standby and it reminded me of one of those demon-possessed porcelain dolls — it just wouldn't die! The Mini told a different story under duress, however. I left it on overnight for a PCMark battery rundown benchmark and its 2705 mAh battery lasted just under five hours with the screen set to 200 nits. It's the best battery performance we've seen in a while from a phone this price. ZTE also includes a QuickCharge 2.0 charger in the box. In my testing, it managed to replenish close to 40 percent in about 45 minutes. It's not as fast as what some flagships offer with QuickCharge 3.0, but ZTE had to cut costs somewhere.. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Software. ZTE's interpretation of Android is the second-least offensive of the Chinese OEMs. MiFavor UI 4.0 retains the app drawer and sports Marshmallow's icon style, but it's not nearly the same experience as using a phone built by a Google. Its extra features are polarizing, too. For instance, while I appreciate the ability to review a screenshot before saving it, I absolutely abhor the little arrow that lives the navigation bar — this exists solely so that you can hide it if the app you're using won't hide it for you, but it was more of a nuisance than a helping hand.. There's also the Mi-Pop virtual navigation keys, which act like a chat head and don't disappear when you're playing a game. They're exhausting to learn to use and frankly not needed considering the Axon 7 Mini's compact screen size.. MiFavor UI is not a bad rendition of Android, but I wish ZTE would have taken a hint from the OnePlus method.. And then there are the experimental features, like the app that lets you control the Axon 7 Mini with just your voice. It's not the best feature addition, considering it barely works half the time, and you're better off just using Google Now.. MiFavor UI is not a bad rendition of Android. But I wish that ZTE would have taken a hint from the OnePlus method. At the very least, MiFavor UI is much more palatable than Huawei's EMUI.. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Cameras. The Axon 7 Mini is equipped with a 16-megapixel rear-facing camera. It boasts an aperture of f/1.9, digital image stabilization, touch to focus, face detection, and instant exposure control, which shows up as a slider option in the viewfinder. Basically the same specs as its larger counterpart.. The Mini's camera is not always particularly fast. I went for a walk with just the phone in my hand to snap photos of the sunset and while I liked the color composition of the photos I captured, I was saddened when I got home and realized that many of the snaps were either blurry or out of the focus. That lack of optical image stabilization can be a bit of a bummer in varying light conditions. Any of the photos that were in focus weren't particularly sharp, either.. The Axon 7 Mini is also quite sensitive to lighting, which is why it's so prone to producing blurry photos. If you use the tap-to-focus functionality, the photo will tend to expose to the area you've tapped rather than the entire scene. As exhibited in the first photo in the gallery below, this can be problematic in outdoor environments.. If you look at the last picture in the gallery above, you'll see I shot the last photo with one of the Axon 7 Mini's extra camera features, referred to as "Super Night Mode." It's helpful, but there's a bit of a learning curve. I would have appreciated if Super Night Mode popped up with an alert, for instance, to consider using a tripod so that I could take better night shots. Instead, I came out with a blurry photo. The rest of the Axon 7 Mini's extra camera features would also benefit from this kind handholding, if only to get new users into the groove.. On the plus side, the Axon 7 Mini's manual mode is pretty robust. It has all the same controls as Samsung and LG's flagships and you can set the shutter open for up to seven seconds. However, there is no ability to shoot in RAW, so don't expect to become a professional smartphone photographer with this kit in hand.. The Axon 7 Mini is pretty decent at video stabilization. The only shakiness I experienced was from my own terrible camera work. Regardless, while the Mini doesn't record as smoothly as the Google Pixel, it's substantial enough for pointing-and-recording. I also appreciated that I didn't have to touch the screen to maintain focus while recording, though you will notice a bit of blur in between scenes as the Mini constantly attempts to adjust the focus, especially in low-light environments.. As for selfies, you'll do fine with the Axon 7 Mini in your hand. Its 8-megapixel front-facing camera is capable in well-lit environments, and its f/2.2 aperture ensures that you can still snap a headshot when the lights are down low. I also appreciate that ZTE's beautify mode isn't as alien-like as LG and Samsung's.. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Odds and Ends. Should you Buy it? Sure. For a smaller smartphone starting at $300, the Axon 7 Mini is pretty well-equipped. In addition to the features covered here, the Mini also has an expansion slot for a microSD card that doubles as a SIM tray for when you're overseas. Additionally, it sports a USB Type-C port, which is quickly becoming the standard for Android devices across the board. There's also a generous 32GB of storage inside, which is double what you normally find in a phone this price.. ZTE has bundled in a plethora of audio features, including a chip for Hi-Fi Recording, as well as dual noise-suppression microphones. Its Dolby-made dual speakers are also pretty impressive for jamming out to Spotify tunes, though you'll quickly hear its limitations the louder you go.. The Axon 7 Mini made an impression not because of its smaller size, but because of how much polish ZTE put into it. You'll sense it the minute you take it out of its box. Inside, it's nestled neatly by ample padding, protected as if it were a high-end flagship device. The trick is that even though it looks like one and boasts some of the same features, it doesn't nearly cost as much. At $300, you're getting a mix of high-end features paired with mid-range specifications in a stylish, compact little package. If you're looking for a deal, the Axon 7 Mini is it.. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for zte axon 7 mini. All Listings - Current page. results for zte axon 7 mini. Save zte axon 7 mini to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow zte axon 7 mini to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. ZTE Axon 7 Mini (32GB, 3GB RAM) 5.2" 4G LTE GSM Factory Unlocked Android GOLD. 4 new & refurbished from $164.99. Unlocked ZTE Axon 7 Mini B2017G Smartphone Ion Gold Snapdragon 617 Dual SIM S... 4 new & refurbished from $164.99. 3+32GB 5.2"ZTE Axon 7 Mini OctaCore 4G LTE Android6.0 Cell Phone NFC Fingerprint. kwmobile Wallet case canvas cover for ZTE Axon 7 Mini - Flip case with card slot. FABRIC WALLET PROTECTIVE COVER FOR ZTE AXON 7 MINI DARK RED COVER CASE BAG FLIP. ZTE AXON 7 Mini - 32GB - Quartz Grey (Unlocked) Smartphone. 2 new & refurbished from $189.00. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Duos B2017G 32GB Gold! GSM Unlocked! Clean IMEI! 9/10!. 16MP 32GB 5.2" FHD ZTE Axon 7 Mini NFC Octa Core 4G LTE Android 6.0 Smartphone. ZTE Axon 7 Mini (B2017G) - Factory Unlocked Phone - Grey, 32GB, 5.3" LCD. 2 new & refurbished from $189.00. ZTE Axon 7 Mini 5.3" 32GB Android 4G LTE B2017G (GOLD) Unlocked GSM PERFECT. ZTE Axon 7 Mini - Factory Unlocked Phone - (Platinum Grey) Platinum Grey New. 5 new & refurbished from $249.99. ZTE Axon 7 Mini 5.2" Unlocked Phone - Ion Gold. 4 new & refurbished from $164.99. NFC 16MP 32GB 5.2" FHD ZTE Axon 7 Mini Octa Core 4G LTE FingerPrint Cell phone. ZTE AXON 7 MINI B2017G LCD DIGITIZER TOUCH SCREEN-SAME DAY SHIPPING FROM CA. FOR ZTE AXON 7 MINI Flip TPU SOFT Wallet Case/ Cover,Card Holder Stand /Pouch. For ZTE Axon 7 Mini 5.2" Crazy Horse PU Leather Cover Case Flip Card Slot Stand. ZTE AXON 7 Mini Android 6.0 5.2" 4G Smartphone Snapdragon 617 3GB/32GB Octa Core. ZTE Axon 7 mini 32GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Platinum Gray). ZTE AXON 7 MINI B2017G SCREWS REPLACEMENT SCREW SET-SAME DAY SHIPPING FROM CA. ZTE Axon 7 Mini - Factory Unlocked Phone - (Platinum Grey). 4 new & refurbished from $234.95. NEW ZTE Axon 7 Mini - Factory Unlocked Phone 32GB Grey Smart Smartphone Cell. 4 new & refurbished from $234.95. ZTE AXON 7 Mini B2017G Platinum Gray (Unknown) Boot Loop -Fair Condition -READ. ZTE Axon 7 Mini - Factory Unlocked Phone - 32GB (Platinum Grey). 5 new & refurbished from $249.99. 2.1A Car Charger with Extra USB Port for ZTE Axon 7 mini, ZTE Blade V8 Pro Z978. Flat Dual Color Type C Cable + 1AMP Wall Charger For LG G5 G6 V20, ZTE Axon 7. Unlocked ZTE Axon 7 Mini B2017G Smartphone, Ion Gold, Snapdragon 617, Dua... UNLOCKED ZTE AXON 7 MINI B2017G 32GB MAINBOARD LOGIC BOARD MOTHERBOARD-SA ME DAY. ZTE AXON 7 MINI B2017G REPLACEMENT EAR SPEAKER EARPIECE LOUD SPEAKER LOUDSPEAKER. ZTE Axon 7 Mini 5.2" 32GB + 3GB RAM 4G LTE Unlocked, Gray - Brand New !!. 4 new & refurbished from $234.95. BNIB 5.2" INCH ZTE AXON 7 MINI DUAL-SIM 32GB GREY FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G/LTE GSM. BNIB 5.2" INCH ZTE AXON 7 MINI DUAL-SIM 32GB GOLD FACTORY UNLOCKED 4G/LTE GSM. ZTE Axon 7 Mini (B2017G) - Factory Unlocked Phone - Grey, 32GB, 5.3" LCD. ZTE Axon 7 Mini (32GB, 3GB RAM) 5.2" 4G LTE GSM Factory Unlocked Android GOLD. 4 new & refurbished from $164.99. ZTE Axon 7 Mini - 32gb - Factory Unlocked Phone - (Platinum Grey). 5 new & refurbished from $249.99. ZTE Axon 7 Mini - Factory Unlocked Phone (Platinum Grey). 5 new & refurbished from $249.99. NEW ZTE Axon 7 Mini - Factory Unlocked Phone 32GB GOLD Smart Smartphone Cell. 4 new & refurbished from $234.95. ZTE Axon 7 Mini - Factory Unlocked Phone - (Platinum Grey) Platinum Grey NO TAX. 5 new & refurbished from $249.99. Car Mount Holder for Cricket ZTE Grand X 4 X4 Z956, Sonata 3 Z832, Axon 7 mini. Handsfree Earbud Headset for Cricket ZTE Grand XMax X Max Plus Z987, Axon 7 Mini. Braided Rope USB 3.1 Type-C Sync + 1 AMP Home Charger For LG G5, V20, ZTE Axon 7. kwmobile Practical and chic FLIP COVER protective shell for ZTE Axon 7 in... Fully Compatible w/ US & World GSM Carriers - NEW PHONE. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Authorized Dealer, 30-Day Money Back Guaranteed. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Fully Compatible w/ US & World GSM Carriers - NEW PHONE. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
A list of all the Google Now voice commands. 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8). 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3. Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks. Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android. Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks. ZTE Axon 7 Mini review: Not quite as good as its bigger brother. It's $100 less than the Axon 7, but you’re giving up a lot more than screen size with the smaller device.. Use commas to separate multiple email addresses. There was an error emailing this page.. Alcatel Idol 4S review: Just a bit too late to the $400 party. The Axon 7 Mini is a shrunk-down version of ZTE's flagship. Pixel XL review: Google's new phone isn't a Nexus—it's better. Hands-on with the new Google Assistant.. [ Further reading: The best Android phones for every budget. ] What do you get for $299?. Slow shutter, poor low light performance. Spring for the bigger Axon 7. The look of the Axon 7 Mini makes me question whether or not some sort of gun capable or producing a shrink ray exists in an evil doctor’s basement lab somewhere.. When looking at the Mini compared to its bigger brother, the Axon 7, the Mini is identical in design and layout. The same speaker grills sit above and below the display. The camera lens and fingerprint sensor are in the same spot, as are the Axon and ZTE logos on the back.. I found the Axon 7 it to be good enough to compete with the OnePlus 3, and for some, even Samsung’s Galaxy S7, in spite of its $400 price tag.. It makes sense, then, that ZTE would create a smaller version of the widely praised device, hitting the $300 price point in the process.. It’s disappointing, however, that the performance shrank along with the device.. ZTE still forces you to tap on the the lock screen notification icon before you can see pending notifications.. On paper, the Axon 7 Mini looks like every other mid-range 2016 smartphone. It has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 processor, 3 GB of memory, 32 GB of storage, 128 GB microSD support, a 5.2-inch 1080p display, 2,705 milliamp-hour battery, and is unlocked to work on GSM carriers in the US. It runs Android Marshmallow 6.0.1, along with ZTE’s proprietary MiFavor 4.0 interface.. The SIM card tray pulls double duty, offering a second SIM slot for international users or a microSD slot for those who want to boost the Mini’s storage.. The Mini features a 16-megapixel camera on the back, with an 8-megapixel camera on the front.. ZTE kept a USB-C port on the Mini, and equipped it with Quick Charge 2.0. And yes, there is a 3.5mm headphone jack.. The Mini has a rounded back that fits well in most hands.. Performance was a mixed bag for me. At times, I couldn’t tell I was a using a $300 phone. Playing Minecraft, the phone kept up as I built a house and attempted to mine some coal. I did notice that after about 10 minutes of play, the back of the device near the camera got pretty hot. Not too hot to touch, but hot enough for me to stop playing and let it cool down.. Other times, like when trying to wake the phone or jumping between apps, the Mini would struggle to keep up. There is often a pronounced delay or stutter as app is launches or when waking the phone and unlocking it using my fingerprint.. Another issue I ran into is that the fingerprint sensor is really finicky. Unlike the sensor on the Pixel that has some forgiveness in where you place your finger, the Mini requires you to place your finger in nearly the identical spot each time you want to use it.. Further adding to the confusion, when the sensor doesn’t recognize your fingerprint, the device gently vibrates and that’s it. The screen doesn’t light up, nor is any sort of error message displayed. The shorter version of my performance impressions: As long as you’re not bouncing between a lot of apps, doing resource-intensive tasks, you should be fine.. Battery life was enough to get through a day with moderate usage, thanks in part to the slower processor and 1080p display.. This was the best shot I could get with the Axon 7 Mini in a low light situation.. Admittedly, I’ve been spoiled over the past couple of months. First, the iPhone 7 Plus launched with all of its fancy camera features. Then the Pixel arrived, and, well, it takes stunning photos regardless of lighting conditions. I found the Axon 7's camera to do a bang-up job as well.. And then there’s the Axon 7 Mini, with a slow shutter and poor low-light shooting.. Low-light shots often included a grainy look to them, as is the case with most smartphone cameras that struggle in the same conditions.. I had to consciously remind myself to wait until the photo was captured before moving the phone in order to not capture a blurry shot due to the slow shutter. In fact, I have two or three photos of my palm in the Photos app, all taken after I thought the photo had been captured and as I began to put the phone back into my pocket.. And because there is a delay, shots of pets or kids are bound to capture a blurry figure resembling the subject.. It’s that time of year, pumpkin picking!. Those two gripes aside, the camera on the Axon 7 Mini does take good outdoor photos in well-lit environments. ZTE has also added a ripoff of the iPhone’s Live Photo feature, where a picture is captured along with a brief video before and after the shot.. When using Live Photo on the Axon 7 Mini, it only captures video after the shutter button is pressed. It then stores it in the Gallery app as a video, with the first frame being the photo you intended to capture.. Sharing a Live Photo gives you the option to share as a photo or a video regardless of what kind of device you are sending it to; something other manufacturers haven’t been able to figure out. A closer look at the back camera and fingerprint reader.. Don’t get me wrong, there’s definitely a market for a $300 aesthetic twin of the Axon 7. But when you take into consideration how much you’re giving up for a $100 discount, it just doesn’t add up.. The bigger Axon 7 is faster, takes better photos, and is will Daydream Ready after a future software update.. If you are on a budget and $300 is your target, then I would suggest the Moto G4 Plus .. The Axon 7 Mini may look like the more capable Axon 7, but it’s not up to par with its performance. Spring for the more expensive model if Axon is the way you want to go.. Based in beautiful Colorado, Jason Cipriani is a freelance writer who contributes to Macworld, Wired, Fortune, and CNET.. Copyright © 2018 IDG Communications, Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc.. Explore the IDG Network descend. 
• One stop service: solve all your problems. • Orders Tracking and shipped out notification. • Need help before making an order?. • Chat with us in real-time. • For Aftersale issues, just submit a ticket. We will reply within 24 hours. Zte Axon 7 Mini Zte Axon 7 4g Zte Axon 7 Axon 7 Mini. Register on GearBest: Earn 50 points. Related Recommendations Recommended Products for You. Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought. ZTE Axon 7 Mini 4G Smartphone. 3GB RAM 32GB ROM 16.0MP Rear Camera. Shipping fee will not be included in the instalment amount. Orders contain interest-free products and other Non-interest-free products will not enjoy insterest-free privilege. Receipient’s address must be Brazil to use instalment. Xiaomi Mi 6 4G Smartphone International Version. OnePlus 5T 4G Phablet International Version. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X 4G Phablet. LeEco Le S3 X626 4G Phablet International Version. ZTE Axon 7 Mini 4G Smartphone. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4G Phablet UK Plug. ZTE Axon 7 Mini 4G Smartphone. Get these Essentials for Your Product. Tip: Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item. Main Features: ZTE Axon 7 Mini 4G Smartphone Global Version Android 6.0 5.2 inch Snapdragon 617 1.5GHz Octa Core 3GB RAM 32GB ROM 16.0MP Rear Camera Touch Sensor Display: 5.2 inch, 1920 x 1080 Pixel FHD screen CPU: Snapdragon 617 1.5GHz Octa Core System: Android 6.0 RAM + ROM: 3GB RAM + 32GB ROM Camera: 8.0MP front camera + 16.0MP back camera Sensor: Gravity Sensor, Ambient Light Sensor, Proximity Sensor SIM Card: dual SIM dual standby. Nano SIM + Nano SIM Feature: GPS / A-GPS Bluetooth: 4.1 Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1700/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B2/B3/B4/B5/B7/B8/B12/B17/B20 TDD-LTE B38/B40/B41. Language: Simplified / Traditional Chinese, Japanese, Malay, Indonesian, Catalan, Czech, Danish, German, Estonian, English, Spanish, French, Macedonian Croatian, Italian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Hungarian, Dutch, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Slovak, Slovenian, Serbian, Finnish, Swedish, Vietnamese, Bulgarian, Russian, Ukrainian, Hebrew, Arabic, Hindi, Thai, Korean, Persian, Urdu, Burmese, Bengli, Cambodia, Kazakh, Mongol, Tibetan, Canadian French. SIM Card Slot: Dual SIM,Dual Standby. SIM Card Type: Nano SIM Card. External Memory: TF card up to 32GB (not included). 2G: GSM 1800MHz,GSM 1900MHz,GSM 850MHz,GSM 900MHz. 3G: WCDMA B1 2100MHz,WCDMA B2 1900MHz,WCDMA B4 1700MHz,WCDMA B5 850MHz,WCDMA B8 900MHz. 4G LTE: FDD B1 2100MHz,FDD B12 700MHz,FDD B17 700MHz,FDD B2 1900MHz,FDD B20 800MHz,FDD B3 1800MHz,FDD B4 1700MHz,FDD B5 850MHz,FDD B7 2600MHz,FDD B8 900MHz,TDD B38 2600MHz,TDD B40 2300MHz,TDD B41 2500MHz. Screen resolution: 1920 x 1080 (FHD). Camera type: Dual cameras (one front one back). I/O Interface: 2 x Nano SIM Slot,Micophone,Speaker,TF/Micro SD Card Slot,Type-C. Sensor: Ambient Light Sensor,Gravity Sensor,Proximity Sensor. Package size: 19.80 x 19.80 x 5.00 cm / 7.8 x 7.8 x 1.97 inches. Product size: 14.75 x 7.10 x 0.78 cm / 5.81 x 2.8 x 0.31 inches. FAQ for ZTE Axon 7 Mini 4G Smartphone. Sponsored Products Related to This Item. Will this phone work in my country?. What is the IMEI number of this device?. How to revive any dead phone battery?. Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available?. Why can't I hear any sound when making or receiving a call?. Can this item be shipped to my country?. What is the SAR value of the phone?. This is based on the phone network frequency bands, for more details:. 4 steps to know whether a phone will work in your country. We cannot provide IMEI (international mobile equipment identity) numbers because each cell phone will be given a unique set of numbers after its assembly, We can't open the packaging.. Related post about finding Xiaomi smartphone IMEI:. There are four ways to revive dead phone battery, refer to post:. 4 secret ways to revive any dead phone battery. Related post: Why do 16GB phones only have 12GB storage available. Make sure the protective film has been removed completely;. Try to turn up the volume of the handset;. Try to change mobile signal in your area might be poor;. If you cannot hear the voice of the receiver, it might be the problem of the receiver's phone or signal.. We can deliver orders to most countries. For a detailed explanation of each shipping method, destination and approximate delivery time, please check our website:. GearBest shipping memo: save money on delivery by choosing the best option. We have listed the SAR value of some cell phones, you can refer to it:. Does it come with a screen protector?. By Mat Feb-19/2018 11:02:15. Cell Phone: 1 English Manual : 1 Power Adapter: 1 SIM Needle: 1 USB Cable: 1. Does it work on USA T-mobile 4G LTE?. By Robin Datta Feb-06/2018 10:02:46. Hello Robin, Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1700/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B2/B3/B4/B5/B7/B8/B12/B17/B20 TDD-LTE B38/B40/B41. Is it full Brand New? coz some are refurbished, not full new. By dex Jan-17/2018 05:01:17. We can guarantee that all of our items are brand new. We hope you will enjoy them.. Can i use this phone in Mexico?. By Alan Dec-28/2017 08:12:45. It can work with below Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1700/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B2/B3/B4/B5/B7/B8/B12/B17/B20 TDD-LTE B38/B40/B41.. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. Does it come with the American plug?. By Cesar Bencomo Dec-12/2017 09:12:58. Hello Cesar, Thanks for your inquiry.. It comes with the EU PLUG.. By Alex Dec-07/2017 11:12:56. This is a popular product, but we are happy to inform you that it is in stock and available to purchase today.. Please feel free to order it.. Could you confirm this phone has Andriod 6.x, the manufacturers page (http://www.ztedevices.co.uk/) doesn't say so.. By HM Nov-30/2017 10:11:02. Hello HM, Please note that the system of the item is Android 6.0.. I'm frome France and i want to know if the phone is avaible with the 4G in France. By Issar Nov-29/2017 05:11:14. Please check with your local communication company if they suport this network frequency:. 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1700/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B2/B3/B4/B5/B7/B8/B12/B17/B19/B20 TDD-LTE B38/B40/B41. Is this item still in stock?. By RaSheda Nov-28/2017 02:11:08. This is a popular product, but we are happy to inform you that it is in stock and available to purchase today.. Please feel free to order it.. He had Google Play market ?. By Customer Nov-25/2017 02:11:26. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. Prev 1 2 3 Next Go To : GO. Does it work on USA T-mobile 4G LTE?. By Robin Datta Feb-06/2018 10:02:46. Hello Robin, Unlocked for Worldwide use. Please ensure local area network is compatible. click here for Network Frequency of your country. Please check with your carrier/provider before purchasing this item.. Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1700/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B2/B3/B4/B5/B7/B8/B12/B17/B20 TDD-LTE B38/B40/B41. Is it full Brand New? coz some are refurbished, not full new. By dex Jan-17/2018 05:01:17. We can guarantee that all of our items are brand new. We hope you will enjoy them.. Can i use this phone in Mexico?. By Alan Dec-28/2017 08:12:45. It can work with below Network: 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1700/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B2/B3/B4/B5/B7/B8/B12/B17/B20 TDD-LTE B38/B40/B41.. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. Does it come with the American plug?. By Cesar Bencomo Dec-12/2017 09:12:58. Hello Cesar, Thanks for your inquiry.. It comes with the EU PLUG.. Could you confirm this phone has Andriod 6.x, the manufacturers page (http://www.ztedevices.co.uk/) doesn't say so.. By HM Nov-30/2017 10:11:02. Hello HM, Please note that the system of the item is Android 6.0.. I'm frome France and i want to know if the phone is avaible with the 4G in France. By Issar Nov-29/2017 05:11:14. Please check with your local communication company if they suport this network frequency:. 2G: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz 3G: WCDMA 850/900/1700/1900/2100MHz 4G: FDD-LTE B1/B2/B3/B4/B5/B7/B8/B12/B17/B19/B20 TDD-LTE B38/B40/B41. He had Google Play market ?. By Customer Nov-25/2017 02:11:26. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. Hi,this smartphone have NFC? This is an important smartphone choice for android pay.If the smartphone supports this feature, I will buy it. By Picassolio Nov-25/2017 01:11:14. Yes, this item is global version and it can support NFC.. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. Does this model support the band FDD LTE BAND19 (800mhz)? In the feature list it is listed, therefore supposed to be supported But the one person from Japan asking the same question which was answered with NO! So, what is right?. By Juergen Nov-25/2017 01:11:54. Yes, it can support B19 800MHz.. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. By Andrey Nov-25/2017 07:11:24. Hello Andrey, Yes ,this item has Russian language .. Prev 1 2 Next Go To : GO. By Alex Dec-07/2017 11:12:56. This is a popular product, but we are happy to inform you that it is in stock and available to purchase today.. Please feel free to order it.. Is this item still in stock?. By RaSheda Nov-28/2017 02:11:08. This is a popular product, but we are happy to inform you that it is in stock and available to purchase today.. Please feel free to order it.. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Be the FIRST to Ask a Question. Want GB Points? Just Write a Review!. Does it come with a screen protector?. By Mat Feb-19/2018 11:02:15. Cell Phone: 1 English Manual : 1 Power Adapter: 1 SIM Needle: 1 USB Cable: 1. By Tome Nov-10/2017 06:11:19. Sorry it can support below Language: Traditional/Simplified Chinese, Japanese, Bahasa Melayu, Deutsch, English, Spanish, French, Italiano, Polski, Portuguese, Vietnamese, Turkish, Hebrew, Arabic, Farsi, Hindi .. Let me know if you need any further assistance.. 22 Questions & Answers View All. Elephone P8 3D 4G Phablet 4GB RAM. Elephone P4000 MTK6735 64bit Android 5.1 4G LTE Sm.... Elephone Blitz Qualcomm Certification 3.0 Power Ad.... Original Elephone U Pro Fast Charger Adapter. Original Elephone PU Leather Full Body Case Protec.... Original Elephone U Scratch-resistant PC Back Case. Original Elephone U / U Pro Scratch-resistant Prot.... Original Elephone U PRO Scratch-resistant Cover Case. Original Elephone Anti-drop TPU Phone Back Case fo.... Base on 303 Customer Reviews. Share your thoughts with other customers Write a review. Pros: Very, very good phone for the price. The oled screen is very good, colors are accurate. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: très beau téléphone son excellent et assez fort Cons: rien à dire. compte 1 mois pour livraison vers France par Colissimo. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Terminal muy rápido, buena cámara, buena memoria interna,la batería le dura dia y medio usándolo con mucha frecuencia. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: For that price, unbeatable! Better than expected!Especially the sound is great and the display very sharp Cons: none, everything is okay!. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A 4G Phablet Global Version. Pros: All polnravilos, only improper packing of the goods, as a result of which the box in which the goods was stored lost its presentation! Cons: In general, I do not see the minuses, because there was not enough time.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Very good build quality, very good sound and screen, very impressed by the phone and price actually. Cons: Camera could be better but does it\'s job. Anyways it\'s better than Xiaomi Redmi 3X, so I\'m quite happy overall.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 1 ). Pros: bon téléphone prix imbattable bonne photo de jour Android 7.1.1 en mise à jour SD Card Cons: aucun à ce prix la. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Пришёл быстро все работает, желательно упаковывать в матрас но коробка была при получении цела. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: очень хорош! Cons: батарею держит мало, фото плохие (. Is this helpful? Yes ( 1 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 31 Next Go To : GO. Pros: Пришёл быстро все работает, желательно упаковывать в матрас но коробка была при получении цела. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: телефончик просто суперррр.акум.сначала быстро таял.потом -нормально,на день хватает,обязательно обновляйтесь на андр.7.1 На алиэкспресе заказал адаптер для 2х. и карта сд на 128 гиг.Емкость акума замерял на обычной(не скоростной) сторонней зарядке ,ибо родная дает только быструю зарядку и измерения .почему то -в два раза меньше.Звучание изумительное,нужны хорошие наушники. Is this helpful? Yes ( 1 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Bardzo dobry telefon jak na swoją cenę, szybki, ładnie wyglądający dobrze zrobiony Cons: brak. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Очень быстрая доставка 10 дней Краснодарский край!!! По самому аппарату при быстром знакомстве претензий нет сам мобильный телефон хорош, у него есть все, кто покупает его, это лучший звук в 2017, фотографии не очень хорошие, Характеристики товара Комплектация .... О магазине Gearbest, очень коммуникабельна и отвечает на все вопросы и всегда помогает в чем может быть: короче: На момент 28.01.2018 лучший из лучших за эту цену- Axon 7mini Cons: Нет. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Отличный смартфон, слабовата батарея, но быстрая зарядка все решает. Отличный смартфон, слабовата батарея, но быстрая зарядка все решает. Cons: Отличный смартфон, слабовата батарея, но быстрая зарядка все решает. Отличный смартфон, слабовата батарея, но быстрая зарядка все решает.Отличный смартфон, слабовата батарея, но быстрая зарядка все решает.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Телефон хорошего качества с достойными параметрами.Звук хороший,экран шикарный.Присутствует быстрая зарядка. Cons: Слабая камера.Не очень большая емкость аккумулятора.Упаковано в обычный полиэтиленовый пакет.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). I waited for delivery for about a month. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Sonido espectacular, software fluído, terminal ligero, elegante y ergonómico, ambas cámaras cumplen, el hardware es solvente para un usuario medio Cons: Batería un poco escasa (con 3000 mAh. hubiese sido un terminal muy redondo), la capa de personalización no me gusta demasiado aunque se puede instalar otro launcher para que la experiencia sea más stock. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Хороший телефон с отличным звучанием.неплохая камера. Отличная комплектация.минус только в отвратительной упаковке и магазину п--й. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: El telefono es excelente, la marca aunque poco conocida tiene la gama media alta que se llama Axon, muy buenos materiales de construccion, la pantalla es muy muy buena, el sonido brutal, se escucha excelente, caracteristicas muy por encima de su precio. Lo enviaron muy rapido, llego en 10 dias a Mexico por redpack con envio gratis. Cons: La bateria dura muy poco, aunque al traer carga rapida compensa un poco.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 22 Next Go To : GO. Pros: Пришёл быстро все работает, желательно упаковывать в матрас но коробка была при получении цела. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). ZTE Axon 7 Mini from Gearbest. Справляется со всеми задачами на все 100%. Звук отменный! Рекомендую!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Cons: слабовата батарейка. Is this helpful? Yes ( 1 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Отличный смартфон, слабовата батарея, но быстрая зарядка все решает. Отличный смартфон, слабовата батарея, но быстрая зарядка все решает. Cons: Отличный смартфон, слабовата батарея, но быстрая зарядка все решает. Отличный смартфон, слабовата батарея, но быстрая зарядка все решает.Отличный смартфон, слабовата батарея, но быстрая зарядка все решает.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Телефон хорошего качества с достойными параметрами.Звук хороший,экран шикарный.Присутствует быстрая зарядка. Cons: Слабая камера.Не очень большая емкость аккумулятора.Упаковано в обычный полиэтиленовый пакет.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Хороший телефон с отличным звучанием.неплохая камера. Отличная комплектация.минус только в отвратительной упаковке и магазину п--й. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Pros: Плюсов наибольшее количество и их очень легко привести в пример: Интересный дизайн Качественное звучание музыки в наушниках Приятная цена Cons: Маленькое количество минусов не как не может повлиять на отличное качество телефона: Камеры в смартфоне могли бы быть и лучше Аккумулятор маленькой ёмкости. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Комплектация: Зарядное устройство (Quick Charge 2.0), кабель Type-C, силиконовый чехол-накладка, наушники, инструмент для извлечения SIM-карты, краткое руководство пользователя Cons: Не обнаружено.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Комплектация: Зарядное устройство (Quick Charge 2.0), кабель Type-C, силиконовый чехол-накладка, наушники, инструмент для извлечения SIM-карты, краткое руководство пользователя Cons: Не обнаружено.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Комплектация: Зарядное устройство (Quick Charge 2.0), кабель Type-C, силиконовый чехол-накладка, наушники, инструмент для извлечения SIM-карты, краткое руководство пользователя Cons: Не обнаружено.. Is this helpful? Yes ( 0 ) No ( 0 ). Prev 1 2 3 4 ... 9 Next Go To : GO. After confirming your payment, we usually ship products out within 24 business hours. However, sometimes due to large transaction volumes or other order issues, we may require up to 3 working days to process orders. You will receive a notification email as soon as your product(s) have been dispatched.. Unregistered Air Mail or Registered Air Mail. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. Netherlands, Greece, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, Czech Republic. Spain, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, France & Portugal. GW Warehouse: Typically 3-5 days to the UK, 3-7 days to other European countries. USA Warehouse: Generally, 3-7 days to a USA address. ES Warehouse: Generally, 2-5 days to the Spain, 3-7 days to the Portugal. Shipping from warehouse nearest to shipping address is faster. Note: The above shipping time are calculated by using calendar days. This is a general guide and delays maybe caused force majeure, natural disasters, inclement weather, war, public holidays, and factors outside our control. The most convenient payment method in the world.. For orders which exceed $1,500,please contact us at support@gearbest.com. Note: please email us the order number,the amount transferred along with currency type,and the exact date of the wire transfer.. Please contact us at support@gearbest.com for details. Note: please email us the following information after you have paid via Westem Union: · Control Number(10 digits) · The exact amount sent along with the currency · Name of sender. There are two key factors which will affect the time you receive your items.. Gearbest.com accepts PayPal,Credit Cards,Wire Transfer and Westem Union as secure payment methods.. *Please let us know as much as possible about your inquiry so that we can assist you with your specific needs. We are always happy to help wherever possible.. Please note: the standard and expedited shipping costs are only estimates; the actual shipping price will be shown on the order page.. At Gearbest we work hard to ensure we can offer our customers high quality products at the lowest possible price. If you purchase a Gearbest product and find that the price has dropped within 72 hours of paying the order, we will refund the difference - no questions asked. Simply contact our Customer Service team at our Support Center with the details. Please note that our 72 hours Price Protection Program does not apply to Flash Deal products.. Prices may fluctuate due to page caches, updates or sales ending; the most up-to-date price takes priority.. ALL prices listed on GearBest exclude taxes, import fees, and customs duties. Customers may be subject to these fees.. Vaild for 72 Hour(s) after receiving.please check it in your GB Account - My Coupon .. FAQ & Support Terms and Conditions. Newsletter GearBest respects your privacy. Copyright ©2014-2018 Gearbest.com All Rights Reserved.. 
Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg.. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message.. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More!. TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY!. Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items.. Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits.. Free Returns with No restocking fee. Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items.. Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns.. Learn More | Sign Up Now. Newegg Mobile Email Deals Daily Deals Marketplace Spotlight Outlet. Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App!. Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you.. Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more.. STEM Toy & Robot Gift Guide. Are you a startup? Join us.. Search all Computer Systems Components Electronics Gaming Networking Office Solutions Software & Services Automotive & Industrial Home & Tools Health & Sports Apparel & Accessories Hobbies & Toys. Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality.. ZTE Axon 7 Mini 32GB 4G LTE Gray Unlocked Smartphone 5.2" 3GB RAM (North America Warranty). Most customers receive within 6-10 days.. Sold and Shipped by Action Packaged Inc. Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee .. Qualcomm MSM8952 Snapdragon 617, Octa-core (4 x 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4 x 1.2 GHz Cortex-A53) + Adreno 405. 3GB RAM + 32GB Built-in storage, microSD expansion up to 256GB (use SIM 2 slot). 16 MP Rear camera, f/1.9, Dual-LED flash; 8 MP front camera, f/2.2; 1080P video capture. 5.2" AMOLED 1920 x 1080 FHD display, 16M colors, 424 ppi. Dual stereo speaker with Dolby ATMOS Digital Surround sound. 2705mAh non-removable Battery, USB Type-C, support QC 2.0. 4G LTE Unlocked Phone - supports AT&T, T-Mobile, MetroPCS, Cricket & other GSM-based networks. ZTE Axon 7 Mini 32GB 4G LTE Gray Unlocked Smartphone 5.2" 3GB RAM (North America Warranty). Most customers receive within 6-10 days.. Weighing only 153 grams and featuring a 5.2" AMOLED Full HD Display,. AXON 7 mini Mini is built to fit effortlessly into your everyday life.. Full HD video with AXON 7 mini Mini's. With Dolby ATMOS Digital Surround Sound. and dual stereo speakers, enjoy crystal clear. A sleek aluminum full metal body creates enticing curves and timeless appeal.. 617 Processor + Adreno 405 GPU. AXON 7 mini Mini is powered by Qualcomm's Octa-Core Snapdragon 617 Processor,. one of the most sophisticated smartphone chipsets in the world.. AXON 7 mini Mini won't stop until you do. Guarantee a home for all your favorite photos and videos with up to 128 GB of additional storage space.. USE SIM 2 FOR GLOBAL TRAVEL. Sound Playback Codecs: Dolby Atmos + Dolby Digital Plus (7+1 Surround Sound). Channel: 2 channel (hi-fi), 1 channel (VAD). Directional Recording: Dimensional and Omni Directional. Recording Range: Up to 8 meters (approximately 26 feet). ISO-Cell Sensor, Sapphire Lens, EIS+ PDAF, F/1.9. Super Auto Mode (Night Shot, Auto HDR, Automatic Scene Optimization). Multi Function (Manual, Beauty Selfie, Slow Motion, Live Photo, Multi Exposure, Long Exposure). Features: Geo-tagging, Touch Focus, Face Detection, Panorama, HDR. 3GB RAM + 32 GB ROM. SD Memory Slot expandable up to 128GB. Time for Full Charge: 90 minutes. *Charge times based on use of in-box cable and power adapter.. Up to $100 discount purchasing next ZTE devices. Even the best phones aren't invincible. If life takes a toll on your Axon, ZTE has you covered, with the world's best mobile protection plan: Passport 2.0.. Axon Passport costs you nothing to take advantage of, and offers:. * Charges up to $79.99 deductible for out-of-warranty condition repair. Learn more about the ZTE Axon 7 Mini. Model | Brand ZTE Model Axon 7 Mini Part Number A7S121 Network | Technology 4G LTE Mobile Frequencies FDD: B1 / 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 7 / 8 / 12 / 17 / 20 TDD: B41 WCDMA: B1 / 2 / 4 / 5 / 8 GSM: B2 / 3 / 5 / 8 CDMA: BC0 Slot 2: GSM: B2 / 3 / 5 / 8 WCDMA: B1 / 2 / 4 / 5 / 8 2CA: B12 + B4, B17 + B4, B3 + B7, B20 + B3, B20 + B7, B8 + B7 Data transfer GPRS, EDGE, HSDPA, LTE, Wi-Fi Design | Form Factor Smart Phones Color Gray Dual SIM Yes SIM Card Type Nano SIM Secondary SIM Card Type Nano SIM, Also supports MicroSD expansion Sensors Smart Sensors: Fingerprint, NFC Audio Connectors 3.5mm jack Display | Touch Screen Capacitive touchscreen Main Display Size 5.2" Main Display Resolution 1920 x 1080 Pixel Density 424 ppi Main Display Color 16M Main Display Format AMOLED Camera | Rear Camera 16.0 MP Flash Dual LED HD Video Capture 1080p Auto Focus Yes Front-Facing Camera 8 MP Configuration | Operating System Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow), upgradeable System Chip Qualcomm MSM8952 Snapdragon 617 Processor 4 x 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4 x 1.2 GHz Cortex-A53 CPU, Adreno 405 GPU Processor Core Octa-core Processor Speed 4 x 1.5 GHz & 4 x 1.2 GHz RAM 3GB Built-in Storage 32GB Expansion Slot Type MicroSD (TF Card) Max Storage Expansion Up to 256GB (use SIM 2 slot) Connectivity | WiFi Yes USB microUSB v2.0 Bluetooth Support Yes Other Connection NFC Battery | Battery Capacity 2705mAh Battery Type Non-removable Talk Time Up to 15 hour(s) Standby Time Up to 270 hour(s) Software | GPS Integrated Yes Message SMS, MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Additional Function Wi-Fi/GPS/NFC Specification | Specifications SOUND 3.5mm Headphone Jack High Fidelity Sound Performance Dual Speaker Support M-Base Support Material PLAYBACK Sound Playback Codecs: Dolby Atmos + Dolby Digital Plus (7+1 Surround Sound) Sampling Frequency: 192 kHz THD+N: -106 dB S/N ADC: 120 dB RECORDING Channel: 2 channel (hi-fi), 1 channel (VAD) Resolution: 32 bit Sampling Frequency: 192 kHz MIC max input: 2.8 Vpp S/N ADC: 102 dB CONFERENCE MODE Directional Recording: Dimensional and Omni Directional Recording Range: Up to 8 meters (approximately 26 feet) Dedicated Audio Chipset: AKM 4962 REAR-FACING CAMERA 16 MP ISO-Cell Sensor, Sapphire Lens, EIS+ PDAF, F/1.9 Super Auto Mode (Night Shot, Auto HDR, Automatic Scene Optimization) Multi Function (Manual, Beauty Selfie, Slow Motion, Live Photo, Multi Exposure, Long Exposure) Dual-LED (Single Tone) Flash Features: Geo-tagging, Touch Focus, Face Detection, Panorama, HDR FRONT-FACING CAMERA 8 MP F/2.2, 1080p 88 degree wide angle lens VIDEO CAPTURE 1080p FHD (30 FPS) 720p HD (30 FPS) Slow Motion 720p (120 FPS) MIRACAST (WI-FI DISPLAY) Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Time for Full Charge: 90 minutes Amount of Charge: 5 min: 8% 10 min: 16% 30 min: 46% Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (H x W x D) 5.81" x 2.80" x 0.31" Weight 5.40 oz.. This item is covered by Action Packaged Inc. Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. ZTE Axon 7 Mini 32GB 4G LTE Gray Unlocked Smartphone 5.2" 3GB RAM (North America Warranty). Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you. What's your question? ( 0 /500). Are you an E-Blast Insider ?. Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours.. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery.. Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery. Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get:. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions.Open Box items usually do not come with manufacturer or vendor warranty or technical support. However, warranty support may be available if an item was never registered by a previous owner. Please contact the manufacturer to check. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product may includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description.. The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories.. Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. Transparency in Supply Chains Act. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 4 Call Quality, Battery Life and Conclusion. posted by Stephen S.. Android - Android + ZTE - ZTE +. 4 Call Quality, Battery Life and Conclusion. Introduction Smartphone shoppers love having a nice variety of devices to choose from, so it's little surprise that we see device manufacturers churn out variant after variant of their most popular models. Maybe there's a Plus, Pro, or Max version of a flagship, offering a bigger screen and maybe a few other hardware upgrades, or an Active or Sport edition, beefing up waterproofing and ruggedness. One of the more popular trends, especially as standard phone sizes have drifted higher and higher, is the availability of pint-sized versions of flagships, whether we call them Compact, Lite, or Mini. All the way back in May, ZTE first launched the Axon 7 , a power-packed handset with a 5.5-inch screen. Months later, as summer was starting to wind down, the Axon 7 was formally joined by its smaller cohort, the Axon 7 Mini. But with a screen size that only shrinks to 5.2 inches, and a body that's barely smaller than its parent phone, does the Axon 7 Mini still manage to scratch that smaller-phone itch? And while the handset costs 25 percent less than the full-sized Axon 7, do downgrades to processing power, camera hardware, and battery capacity ultimately hurt the 7 Mini's appeal? Let's take a look at what this ZTE phone has to offer, and if it manages to strike the right balance between size, features, and price. In the box: ZTE Axon 7 Mini Fast charger USB standard A (reversible) to USB Type-C cable Earbuds Quick-start guide Axon Passport flyer Registration notice Clear plastic case Design The Axon 7 Mini's biggest success may be the degree to which it reproduces the design of the larger Axon 7 Sometimes a manufacturer tries to come up with a new look for the smaller version of one of its flagship phones, but with the Axon 7 Mini, ZTE resists that temptation; if you've seen the Axon 7 proper, you know quite well what to expect from the Mini, as it follows the same design notes to a T. That means the same sort of smoothly sloping metal body, same rear-fingerprint-scanner orientation, and same prominent front-facing stereo speakers. While we applaud ZTE for giving us a phone that really does feel like a different version of a larger handset (rather than a wholly new small-screened model), the Axon 7 Mini really doesn't come across as significantly smaller than the Axon 7: it's only three percent shorter, four percent narrower, and precisely as thick as the Axon 7. Maybe the biggest change is in terms of weight, with the Mini coming in thirteen percent lighter – but that's still not a huge difference. Really, this is one Mini model that's going to be defined more by its specs and price than its size. ZTE gives the handset an analog headphone jack up top, USB Type-C port down below, volume rocker and power buttons on the phone's right side, and its hybrid SIM/microSD tray on the left. On the back we find a camera that has a minor bump, dual LED flash, and the phone's fingerprint scanner. Display A great-looking AMOLED panel gives us most of what we want – except brightness to spare At 5.2 inches in size, the screen on the Axon 7 Mini isn't that much smaller than the Axon 7's 5.5-inch panel; we're looking at about 10 percent less surface area. Like the display on the larger phone, we're dealing with another AMOLED component, though this one at a slightly lower resolution – 1080 x 1920 px to the Axon 7's 1440x2560 px screen. Even though the panel's not that much smaller, things still look pretty sharp, and we're not hurting from the loss of those extra pixels. The more concerning quality of the Axon 7 Mini's screen is its limited brightness, which our tests identified as among the dimmest screens we've seen all year. Indoors, at least, it looks pretty nice, and by default it offers the sort of over-saturated bold colors for which AMOLED screens are known. If that's not your cup of tea, ZTE provides some easy color-intensity controls, as well as the ability to adjust color temperature.. 5.81 x 2.8 x 0.31 inches. 147.5 x 71 x 7.8 mm. 5.73 x 2.8 x 0.29 inches. 145.5 x 71 x 7.45 mm. 5.65 x 2.76 x 0.31 inches. 143.5 x 70 x 7.9 mm. 6.02 x 3.02 x 0.39 inches. 153 x 76.6 x 9.8 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Compare. (Posts: 1256; Member since: 15 Apr 2016). posted on 07 Dec 2016, 10:27. I was tempted to try this out of curiosity but I think I'm good camera wise and also with battery life. It's a clear downgrade to my Honor 8 when it comes to those 2 things, which are important to me.. (Posts: 255; Member since: 21 Oct 2015). posted on 07 Dec 2016, 10:30. So where's the Axon 7 review?. (Posts: 2293; Member since: 31 Oct 2011). posted on 07 Dec 2016, 10:52. One of the top devices of 2016, and no review in sight.. (Posts: 2339; Member since: 23 Jan 2014). posted on 07 Dec 2016, 16:38. Go to a real phone website:. (Posts: 386; Member since: 21 Jan 2016). posted on 07 Dec 2016, 18:58. in response to #7 Hide. They are still the best, least biased site. Not really sure why they lost traffic.. (Posts: 6747; Member since: 30 Sep 2014). posted on 07 Dec 2016, 21:05. in response to #9 Hide. it's looks like a website from 90's... too much empty space on both side, all menu is just style, no dropdown, search bar is passive... phone finder is total mess (compare it to gsmarena). the only reason to come there is just to read review. (Posts: 2339; Member since: 23 Jan 2014). posted on 07 Dec 2016, 22:48. in response to #10 Hide. In other words, they don't cater to the troll crowd. Do you realize how shallow you sound? "The only reason to come there is just to read review". (Posts: 2339; Member since: 23 Jan 2014). posted on 07 Dec 2016, 22:50. in response to #9 Hide. Because they don't put up with trolls. (Posts: 751; Member since: 07 May 2014). posted on 08 Dec 2016, 17:22. in response to #9 Hide. This is 2016 and just look at their website... The logo seems to be created by a kid.. (Posts: 6; Member since: 13 Feb 2016). posted on 07 Dec 2016, 11:12. (Posts: 58; Member since: 29 Nov 2016). posted on 07 Dec 2016, 11:37. I want my regular Axon 7 review!. (Posts: 8; Member since: 11 Dec 2013). posted on 07 Dec 2016, 12:24. as an axon 7 owner i also dont get why they would review the downgraded mini version instead of the full fleged flagship. (Posts: 2339; Member since: 23 Jan 2014). posted on 07 Dec 2016, 16:56. I can't for the life of me understand why companies put USB-C on their phones yet stay with the older USB 2.0 protocol. There are still plenty of Micro-USB cables that people have as well as accessories. If you're going to go with the newer standard, bite the bullet and include USB 3.0 and USB-OTG. It's like having a Ferrari with whitewall tires.. (Posts: 1; Member since: 07 Dec 2016). posted on 08 Dec 2016, 02:08. Am I the only one who is bothered with the fact that one can only make anonymous calls with this phone since it's missing the ability to alter the caller id behavior?. (Posts: 1512; Member since: 11 Nov 2014). posted on 12 Dec 2016, 12:04. Has review for the mini but not for the regular.. (Posts: 1; Member since: 14 Dec 2016). posted on 14 Dec 2016, 20:06. the Chinese have been taught to fly cheap with a good iron, but with questionable software and support. And then the prices have probably adjusted to our market.. (Posts: 20; Member since: 06 Dec 2015). posted on 12 Apr 2017, 06:15. I just recently bought a ZTE Axon 7 and can't get customer service to return my calls nor emails. Their having some software issues and the added spyware apps they've loaded onto the software has me selling this phone and never buying ZTE again.. I'll just buy a Samsung which at least has customer support.. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 5.2 inches, 1080 x 1920 pixels (424 ppi) AMOLED. Size 5.81 x 2.80 x 0.31 inches (147.5 x 71 x 7.8 mm). Battery 2705 mAh, 15 hours talk time. Qualcomm Snapdragon 617, Octa-core, 1500 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53 processor 3 GB RAM. $178 Buy. $219 Buy. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. eBay > Cell Phones & Accessories > Cell Phones & Smartphones. ZTE AXON 7 Mini - 32GB - Ion Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone. 4.4 average based on 16 product ratings. Color: Ion Gold Quartz Grey Ion Gold. The lowest-priced brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is applicable).Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag.See details for additional description.. Get it by Mon, Mar 5 - Wed, Mar 14 from Jamaica, New York • New condition • Returns accepted - 30 days money back • Almost gone. This ZTE Axon 7 mini cell phone has a large touch screen display for watching movies or playing games. Unlocked Android GSM 4G LTE Smartphone (US Version). COLOR =GOLD MODEL = ZTE B2017G.. Qty : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. ( 22355 ) 99.1% Positive feedback. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Top picked items. Get it by Mon, Mar 5 - Wed, Mar 14 from Jamaica, New York. Get it by Mon, Mar 5 - Wed, Mar 14 from Jamaica, New York. Frequently bought together ZTE AXON 7 Mini - 32GB - Ion Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone + 6-pack Clear XtremeGuard Hi-def Screen Protector for ZTE Axon 7 Mini Add Both to Cart. item 1 ZTE Axon 7 Mini 5.2" Unlocked Phone - Ion Gold - ZTE Axon 7 Mini 5.2" Unlocked Phone - Ion Gold. item 2 ZTE Axon 7 Mini (32GB, 3GB RAM) 5.2" 4G LTE GSM Factory Unlocked Android GOLD - ZTE Axon 7 Mini (32GB, 3GB RAM) 5.2" 4G LTE GSM Factory Unlocked Android GOLD. item 3 ZTE Axon 7 Mini (32GB, 3GB RAM) 5.2" 4G LTE GSM Factory Unlocked Android GOLD - ZTE Axon 7 Mini (32GB, 3GB RAM) 5.2" 4G LTE GSM Factory Unlocked Android GOLD. item 4 ZTE Axon 7 Mini 5.2" Unlocked Phone - Ion Gold - ZTE Axon 7 Mini 5.2" Unlocked Phone - Ion Gold. item 5 Unlocked ZTE Axon 7 Mini B2017G Smartphone Ion Gold Snapdragon 617 Dual SIM S... - Unlocked ZTE Axon 7 Mini B2017G Smartphone Ion Gold Snapdragon 617 Dual SIM S.... ZTE AXON 7 Mini - 32GB - Ion Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Compare similar products. Nexus 6P A1 - 32GB - Matte Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone. ZTE AXON 7 Mini - 32GB - Quartz Grey (Unlocked) Smartphone. LeEco Le Pro 3 - 64GB - Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone. ZTE AXON 7 - 64GB - Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone. ZTE Axon Pro - 32GB - Phthalo Blue (Unlocked) Smartphone. Nexus 5X H790 - 32GB - Carbon (Unlocked) Smartphone. ZTE Blade V8 Pro - 32GB - Black Diamond (Unlocked) Smartphone. ZTE Warp Elite - 16GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone. ZTE BLADE Z MAX Z982 32GB (MetroPCS) Smartphone. ZTE Grand X Max 2 Z988 - 16GB - Blue (Cricket) Smartphone. FDD-LTE, GSM / CDMA / WCDMA (UMTS), TDD-LTE. by disk-doctor Nov 21, 2017. First one had issues, 2nd works great. Very good phone when it works.. I had an issue with the battery/phone, anytime it would get under 50% battery left it would randomly disconnect my calls, drop the signal bar down to 0 until I charged it back up over 50%. This happened for 2 days before I could figure out what it was and I'm still not sure. I ordered a replacement phone and this one seems to not have the same issue, I can talk on calls all the way down to 5 percent and it doesn't randomly kick me or disconnect my calls or drop the signal bar down to 0. Its much lighter and smaller than the ZTE axon 7 max I had before and I like this one better even with less battery time its fine, as long as 100% of the battery can be used and not just 50% of it. Its acceptable and very responsive and works well as a phone/smartphone.. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New. by itisi_76 Dec 10, 2016. but stopped at Best Buy to check this new phone in person,,,..great colors....awesome sound.. perfect size ..next will be ordering one for the hubby. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New. by almonddolma Jun 06, 2017. I bought this phone for my wife and she likes it a lot. It seems to be very fast and didn't cost an arm and a leg. It (the mini) is a smaller phone than most of the newer models which fits our need better than the larger phones, but it is still large enough to read the newspaper, etc on. We probably won't take our tablet along for that purpose now.. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New. by ekaj2560 Jun 08, 2017. I set aside my Iphone4 in the closet and replaced it with this one. Product reviews were so good that i chose rather than spend much on highend units but basicall with the same features. User friendly! Very nice and elegant!. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New. by jgvm14 Nov 01, 2017. Premium-like metal body and good sound from its stereo speakers and dolby atmos software which is not common in its current price range. Came with a fast battery draining issue but was solved by doing a factory reset after the Nougat update.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Explore Buying Guides. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Smartphone. Top 8 Most Popular Unlocked Phones. How to Buy an HTC HD7. What Makes the Sony Xperia Miro a Social Smartphone?. Samsung S III Mini Buying Guide. Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Black Onyx (Verizon) Smartphone. $306.99 New $99.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. $299.99 New $139.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950U - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $569.00 New $389.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone. $199.99 New $104.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Charcoal Black (AT&T) Smartphone. $139.99 New $71.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Shimmery White (AT&T) Smartphone. $129.99 New $60.00 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8+ SM-G955 - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $606.15 New $340.00 Used. Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930V 4G LTE 32GB 4RAM 5.1" HD 12MP Android Unlocked Phone NEW. New Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950U - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone Unlocked. "NEW" Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A AT&T Unlocked 16GB Phone Shadow - all Colors. Inbox New Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB Shimmery White - AT&T - GSM Unlocked. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- You may also like. ZTE Axon Unlocked 32GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. ZTE Axon Unlocked 64GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. ZTE Axon Unlocked Bar Cell Phones & Smartphones. ZTE Axon 32GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. ZTE Axon Android 32GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. This item doesn't belong on this page.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (49). Click to read the full review. The Axon 7 Mini is a mid-range smartphone and like the Axon Mini from last year, the new handset offers a 5.2-inch 1080p AMOLED display, which doesn't really make it a mini phone. Made out of metal, the ZTE Axon 7 Mini is powered by an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 processor, and runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Other features include LTE, dual SIM support, 3 GB of RAM, 32 GB of expandable storage space, and a 2705 mAh battery. On the back, the new Axon has a fingerprint scanner and a 16 MP camera, while its front-facing camera is an 8 MP one.. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Review ZTE Axon 7 Mini manual ZTE Axon 7 Mini benchmarks. Dimensions: 5.81 x 2.80 x 0.31 inches (147.5 x 71 x 7.8 mm). Weight: 5.40 oz (153 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Display Physical size: 5.2 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Sapphire crystal lens cover, Autofocus (Phase detection). Software Features: Digital image stabilization, Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Night mode, Scenes. 1920x1080 (1080p HD) (30 fps), 1280x720 (720p HD) (30 fps). Aperture size - The aperture of a camera is the opening through which light travels before it reaches the camera sensor. The smaller the number is, the bigger this opening is, allowing for more light to pass.. Octa-core, 1500 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 15.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 11.2 days (270 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback, Dolby Atmos. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 20. LTE (TDD): Bands 38, 40, 41. Data: LTE-A Cat 6 (300/50 Mbit/s), HSPA. Multiple SIM cards: 2 slots, Shared with microSD. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, UMA (Wi-Fi Calling), Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 01 Sep 2016. Shopping information MSRP price: € 299 / $ 300. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct ZTE Axon 7 Mini specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $178 Buy. $219 Buy. Deal: ZTE Axon 7 Mini is nearly half price ($170) at Newegg. ZTE Axon 7 Mini has its own Android 7.1.1 Nougat preview program in the US. ZTE Axon 7 Mini update going live with camera enhancements and December Android security patches. Best Buy has New Year's Day sales on Samsung phones and tablets. The ZTE Axon 7 mini is officially heading to the United Kingdom for £249.99. ZTE Axon 7 Mini will soon be sold for $249 (via Best Buy). The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
ZTE Axon 7 Mini: Everything you need to know. ZTE's Axon 7 Mini smartphone finally gets its Android 7.1.1 upgrade. Update: The ZTE Axon 7 Mini now has Android 7.1.1.. It wasn’t that long ago that ZTE debuted the Axon 7 , a handset that smartly married desirable hardware. with an affordable $400 price point. It took on such smartphone juggernauts as Samsung,. Apple, LG, and HTC — and against all odds, emerged successful beyond ZTE’s wildest estimations. Axon 7 has been in and out of stock since June.. That’s helped cement the Beijing, China-based ZTE become a veritable player in the smartphone market. But the company has broader ambitions: It’s angling to rank among the world’s top three smartphone makers by 2020. Axon, appropriately dubbed the Axon. 7 Mini , will hasten it toward that endgame.. a common enough strategy: Sony has released. Samsung, too, has historically released miniaturized versions of its top-end Galaxy phones, as has Huawei. are generally less capable, at least on paper, than their larger. Axon 7 Mini’s case, though, it’s quite the opposite, and you can read all about why at our full review .. The ZTE Axon 7 Mini is extremely similar to the original ZTE Axon 7, both in terms of looks and design, and when it comes to the specs under the hood. You’ll find the Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 processor, which is coupled with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of storage. It also has a MicroSD card slot, so you can expand upon the storage if you so choose.. On the back of the phone, you’ll find a 16MP rear-facing camera with an f/1.9 aperture and phase detection autofocus, while the selfie camera sits in at 8MP. The AMOLED display on the phone comes in at 5.2-inches, and has a resolution of 1920 x 1080. The battery capacity sits in at 2,700mAh.. On the software side, the phone has finally been updated to Android 7.1.1 — so users should update their phones, and if you’re thinking of buying this phone rest assured that you will be able to use Android 7.1.1.. The ZTE Axon 7 Mini can be purchased. in the United States through ZTE’s own online store , where it costs $300. also sells the Axon 7 Mini for $300.. A gold version is exclusive to Best Buy during its first couple months of availability, where it’s normally priced at $300. However, between December 4 and December 10, Best Buy will sell the gold Axon 7 Mini for only $200, or the platinum grey version for $250. We’d call this an absolute steal, so if you’re already tempted by the Axon 7 Mini, don’t wait to pick one up.. In the United Kingdom, Carphone Warehouse carries the gold Axon 7 Mini exclusively, where it’s sold for 250 British pounds without a contract, or for free with a 24-month contract that starts at 17.50 British pounds per month.. Check out the best Apple iPad deals for February 2018. Check out our list of the best iPhone deals for February 2018. How to watch the 2018 Winter Olympics online. Got time to kill? Do it on the go with the best Reddit apps for Android and iOS. How to replace your iPhone’s battery. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. The Flic Hub improves the already great Flic button by cutting out smartphones. Check out the best Apple iPad deals for February 2018. Check out our list of the best iPhone deals for February 2018. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Other B&H Sites - Gov, EDU & Corp. FREE NYC STORE PICKUP Ready Within the Hour. >> Free Shipping on most orders over $49. Specials & Rebates See All Specials >. 1 of Deals Today. Enjoy Extended Returns thru Feb 1, 2018!. You have until Feb 1, 2018 to return or exchange items bought after Nov 1, 2017.. All other standard return policy zxqzduwddxvtczrdcufetxuecswayv conditions apply.. Enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time.. Axon 7 mini 32GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Platinum Gray). Axon 7 mini 32GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Platinum Gray). Enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time.. Due to export regulations and/or manufacturers restrictions, this item can. only be shipped to USA Address.. Please try searching for a similar item from a different brand or model.. Rear 16MP Camera + 8MP Front. 1.5 GHz Snapdragon 617 Octa-Core CPU. 32GB Storage Capacity + 3GB of RAM. This device is Carrier-unlocked and may be used with any GSM carrier that uses a frequency or band that this device supports. A SIM card and service plan must be purchased separately. This device's frequencies can be found in the product Specifications under Cellular Network. Your carrier's available frequencies may be found in the links below. North American Carriers South American Carriers Worldwide Carriers. In the Field: The ZTE Axon 7 and 7 Mini Smartphones. The Platinum Gray ZTE Axon 7 mini 32GB Smartphone offers a vibrant display, powerful performance, and high-quality optics in a sleek design. This smartphone incorporates 32GB of storage and is powered by the Snapdragon 617 chipset, which consists of 1.5 and 1.2 GHz quad-core CPUs. For robust multi-tasking performance, this device also features 3GB of RAM, which allows it to efficiently run multiple apps simultaneously. The Axon 7 mini's storage can be expanded by up to 256GB thanks to the second SIM card slot, which doubles as a microSD card slot. The Axon 7 mini features a 5.2" AMOLED screen with Full HD 1920 x 1080 resolution that enables vivid and detailed high-definition content. For photo capturing and video chatting, this smartphone features an 8-megapixel front camera and an f/1.9 16-megapixel rear camera assisted by HDR and dual LED flash. The Axon 7 mini has Bluetooth 4.1 built-in for pairing with other Bluetooth-enabled devices, and dual-band 802.11b/g/n Wi-Fi for high-speed Internet connectivity. Integrated Wi-Fi Direct and NFC give you the ability to connect to compatible devices for wirelessly sharing content like photos and music. The Axon 7 mini is equipped with a 2705mAh lithium-ion internal battery that can be recharged in approximately 90 minutes via the phone's reversible USB 3.0 Type-C port when used with a compatible Qualcomm QuickCharge 2.0 charger.. Rear Camera: Photos: f/1.9 16-megapixel, sapphire lens, phase detection autofocus, dual LED flash Features: Night shot, automatic scene optimization, geotagging, touch focus, face detection, Auto HDR Video Recording: 1080p at 30 fps, 720p at 120 fps Front Camera: Photos: 8-megapixel. GSM / 4G LTE Wireless Connectivity. This phone is designed to work on select GSM networks and is 4G LTE capable. LTE is an advanced cellular network data protocol capable of data speeds so fast that they compete with wired broadband Internet providers. With an LTE connection, this phone should have no problem streaming HD video, downloading apps, uploading photos, or anything else that requires a high-speed data connection. The phone is also backwards compatible with 3G and 2G data for instances when you can't get LTE. In addition to cellular wireless, this phone also features Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity. Note: Not compatible with all cellular networks. Please make sure your provider uses a frequency or band that this phone supports. You can check which bands this phone works with in the specifications. North American Variant / US Compatible LTE. This device is a US variant of the Axon 7 mini. The device's LTE radio is tuned to frequencies that are most often used in the United States and North America. It can also be used in other parts of the world; however, LTE access may be limited or unsupported, depending on the network. To ensure this phone will work with your carrier please check to make sure the frequencies your carrier uses are supported by this phone. The full list of compatible carrier frequencies can be found here , the frequencies this phone supports can be found in the product specs.. The Android operating system integrates heavily with Google's services. Using the card-based Google Now, Android quickly surfaces information for you whenever you need it, powered by the same Knowledge Engine that runs Google's web search. It's a personalized and customizable OS, allowing you to add your favorite apps or widgets to your homescreen. You can even download new themes using the Google Play Store, which offers access to more than one million apps, games, books, music, movies, and more. Android 7.0 Nougat adds major productivity capabilities to the operating system in the form of a multi-window view, which allows for two apps to be placed onscreen at a time. An improved notification system allows you to interact with texts and emails right from your notification pane - without needing to open the app. Other features include file-based encryption, a Data Saver mode, the ability to scale text and icons to better suit your phone's screen, and more. Note: May ship with Android 6.0 Marshmallow with option to update to Android 7.0 Nougat upon startup. Dual SIM Dual Standby (DSDS) allows you to lower your mobile costs when traveling while staying connected. Once your SIM cards are installed, you will be able to receive phone calls and text messages from either without needing to manually choose which one is active. When you want to make a call or send an SMS message, you can select the correct SIM card. When one SIM card is being used for a phone call, the other will not be active until you hang up. Playback Dual front-facing speakers Hi-fi audio output Dolby Atmos Sampling Frequency: 192 kHz Total Harmonic Distortion + N: 106 dB Signal to Noise: 120 dB Recording Dual microphones Hi-fi recording Channels: 2 hi-fi channels, 1 VAD channel Resolution: 32-bit spec, 32-bit performance Sampling Frequency: 192 kHz Maximum Input: 2.8 Vpp Signal to Noise: 102 dB Conference Directional and omnidirectional recording Range: Up to 23' (7 m) AKM 4962 audio chipset: Main hi-fi chipset to provide hi-fi and recording features. A fingerprint scanner on the back of the handset lets you easily unlock your device using just one finger.. The Axon 7 mini is a unibody device made from aluminum.. ZTE Axon 7 mini 32GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Platinum Gray). Why Buy an Unlocked Phone: A Primer. The Camera Phone is 20 Years Old!. What Smartphones Should I Consider If I Care About Security?. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 17, 20, 41. MP / Video: 1920 x 1080p. MP / Video: 1920 x 1080p. Ambient light sensor, Accelerometer, Fingerprint, Gyroscope, Magnetometer, Proximity sensor. Dimensions (W x H x D). Axon 7 mini 32GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Platinum Gray) Reviews - page 2 zxqzduwddxvtczrdcufetxuecswayv. Axon 7 mini 32GB Smartphone (Unlocked, Platinum Gray) is rated. Rated 5 out of. I bought this as a backup phone and to listen to media over its incredible sound system. But to be honest it's a great overall phone.. Rated 1 out of. I am now using this phone around couple of months. The phone is overheating often, that too without any major resource consuming apps opened. Complained to ZTE customer support, and they are simply suggesting to reset the phone. No authorized service centers near your locations. I am not sure what is the use of 2 years warranty without any service centers. Not up-to the expectation what they are claiming.. Rated 2 out of. I purchased the phone outside B&H and am writing this review as a 'just so you know.' While the phone itself is great, the LCD has a defect where the internal screen will crack. There are quite a few online reports on this, so research before buying. My phone wasn't dropped, and had the protective case from day 1. I noticed a small crack on the screen which later grew, and then LCD fluid leaked and the whole screen turned purple. Unfortunately, despite the warranty, ZTE's only response is to turn it in for $80 for repair/replacement. Great features and phone for the price, but if you're buying, make sure to add some additional protection. I have multiple phones like the Nexus 6 and 6p, they've also been dropped over the span of 2 years but never had this issue. ZTE must have use a delicate screen internally.. Rated 4 out of. I like the Axon 7 mini & would recommend it. The phone has a beautiful finish. It's android so you can transfer data from a previous android and transition easily.Little things like the alarm sounds are becoming. The quick charge feature is an excellent feature. You can go up by 50% in 20- 30 minutes. Though it only works with the ZTE charger. It's a good size, not too much bigger than your palm. It has a long screen so a lot of widgets can fit in one space. It let's you open with a finger scanner, or voice or with the button. You get up to 5 prints with the finger scanner, so you can use both hands or add someone. The sound quality is the best of any phone I've had.The camera quality is decent, not as good as say a Samsung Galaxy but still pretty clear, with front screen (excellent for video calls). Very bright flashlight that you can set to shake to come on. It gives a choice in keyboard type. It can also take a fall Cons: For a mini, the size difference from the Axon 7 is negligible, less space seems to be the main difference. The Bluetooth signal is not very strong. There are some preloaded apps on your phone from an Asian producer, that takes up space and cannot be uninstalled. You can't have two sims and a memory card. The slot opens with the pin shaped key they give so don't lose it. Learn to turn off keyboard and password noise early. It's loud starting and shutting down so no sneaking it on/off. It's screen is very sensitive so lock the call button to avoid excessive accidental calls, and be wary when unlocked. It doesn't have permanent navigation keys like the Axon 7, so if the screen is gone so is the button to access apps and go back/home. It's hard getting to widgets and wallpaper etc. It's so close to the main apps and apps at the bottom of the screen that you open those a lot before you get the widget. CM Locker is tricky, you may have to press a button for pattern to show. Rated 5 out of. Great price, sound quality, size, weight and appearance!. Great price, sound quality, size, weight and appearance! Only con is that it seems a bit slow performance-wise, which is not a huge deal for me. I would highly recommend this phone for someone who cares about sound quality, size, appearance. Comes with Hiya app also, which is a caller id app that works phenomenally.. Rated 5 out of. I would recommend and buy again. Incredible value! Well built, great screen. For the money, plenty fast and the speakers are amazing. For the price, no real shortcomings. If comparing to an iPhone 7 or S7, operates slightly slower, not great for memory-hog games, battery life could longer.. Rated 3 out of. Axon 7 Mini vs Honor 8. Cracked my screen on Honor 8 and came to this. Hands down the Honor 8 is a better looking phone and has better battery life. However Honor 8 has so many configuration options it can become a challenge with getting the phone, and apps, to work right. This ZTE is a very basic phone, it does have a few perks like unlocking the phone with your voice but overall it does not nearly have as many custom options as the Honor 8 - which is nice because all my apps are actually working now. This ZTE, why they didnt make it in black is beyond me. The gray phone, even with a black case makes the phone look cheap and unattractive. The phone IS lighter than the H8 but is also a tad wider than the H8. Overall there is no doubt the H8 is a superior phone over this one BUT this is a good budget phone for people like me who realize the phone will be dropped, lost or damaged in a year or two thus seeing no point in having an expensive phone.. Rated 4 out of. ZTE Axon Mini is a good so far. I purchased mini for two reasons - screen size and value for money. I am happy with my purchase so far. Phone has a lag when browsing but that was expected for the specs and with mid range phone. Be the first to review this item. See any errors on this page?. Please enable javascript for your best B&H experience.. Shipping Free Expedited Shipping for most orders over $49. Returns Shop With Confidence Easy 30-Day Return Policy. Gift Cards The Gift that Never Expires. Event Space Expert B&H Events and Presentations. Browse our Winter 2018 Interactive Catalog. Sign up for B&H news and special offers. Thank you for joining the B&H email list!. Thank you for joining the B&H email list!. The email address you entered was an invalid email.. Speed up future orders, see order history, create wish lists, and more.. Enjoy the B&H mobile shopping experience. Norton Secured - Powered by Symantec. © 2000-2018 B & H Foto & Electronics Corp. 420 9th Ave, New York, NY 10001. We close every Friday evening to Saturday evening for Shabbos.. Prices, specifications, and images are subject to change without notice. Not responsible for typographical or illustrative errors. Manufacturer rebates, terms, conditions, and expiration dates are subject to manufacturers printed forms NYC DCA Lic.: Elec. 
Display 5.2’’FHD 1080*1920, AMOLED, 16M Color. Battery Capacity 2705mAh with Quick Charge 2.0. Frequencies Slot-1 FDD-LTE: 1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/17/20 TDD-LTE: B38/40/41 WCDMA: B1/2/4/5/8 GSM: B2/3/5/8 CDMA: BC0 CA: B3+B7 B20+B3 B20+B7 B8+B7 B12+B4 B17+B4 Slot -2 GSM: B2/3/5/8 WCDMA: B1/2/4/5/8. CPU Octa-Core 4x 1.5GHz+ 4x 1.2GHz. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 38(2600), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 143.5 x 70 x 7.9 mm (5.65 x 2.76 x 0.31 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~74.2% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~424 ppi density). - 3D Touch display (only ZTE Axon mini Premium). Octa-core (4x1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & 4x1.2 GHz Cortex-A53). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 13 MP, phase detection autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, panorama, HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. ZTE Axon mini - user opinions and reviews. choose another one like via or cm, you don't need to use what is in the phone from zte.. Gearbest website is about 134 euros: https://www.gearbest.com/cell-phones/pp_247009.h­tml?11. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. ZTE Axon 7 mini ZTE Axon 7 Motorola Moto G4 Plus Sony Xperia M Xiaomi Mi A1 LG G5. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Axon 7 ZTE nubia Z17s ZTE Axon 9 ZTE nubia Z17. 
How to set up your Google Home device Take better photos on your Google Pixel 2 with this trick How to enable 'Saturated' mode on your Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL display The first 5 things you need to do with your Pixel 2 or Pixel 2 XL Guide: How to use Google Lens How to turn off or remap Bixby Voice on your Samsung Galaxy S8. iFrogz Toxix Wireless Headphones review Huawei Mate 10 Pro review: The best smartphone you can't buy from a US Carrier Anker PowerDrive 2 Elite 24W car charger review Sbode Bluetooth speaker review: Everything but the kitchen sink iPhone 8 Plus review: An Android site's perspective BESTEK 3-outlet vertical cube power strip with USB-C review. Galaxy S9 Galaxy S8 Galaxy Note 8 Oreo Pixel 2 Google Home Chromebook Moto Z2 Force OnePlus 5T Mate 10 Pro. Display 5.2-inch (1920x1080) IPS LCD with Corning Gorilla Glass 4. Storage 32GB w/ microSD card slot. Rear Camera 16MP with dual-LED flash, phase detection autofocus. Software Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow with MiFlavor UI 4.0. Connectivity Bluetooth 4.1, WiFi 802.11 a/b/g/n, NFC. Sensors Ambient, proximity, accelerometer, gyro, compass, barometer, fingerprint. Measurements 147.5 x 71 x 7.8mm. ZTE’s Axon 7 Mini is a slightly smaller, more affordable version of its flagship Axon 7 smartphone. The device features a similar design, but lesser specs to accommodate a more budget-friendly price tag, which isn’t always a bad thing. There are plenty of excellent budget Android phones to choose from right now, and one more option can only help.. I’m personally not a fan of enormous phones that have become the norm in the smartphone market, so I really liked the Axon 7 Mini’s design as soon as I picked it up. It still looks identical to the bigger Axon 7, just in a smaller, more compact package.. The Mini sports a 5.2-inch display with very thin bezels, which helps to keep the size of the phone way down. You get a ton of screen real estate with almost none of the bulk, which is fantastic for one-handed use. The screen is sandwiched by speakers on the top and bottom of the phone, which is also a plus when you’re using the device for media playback.. On the right side of the device you’ll find the power and volume buttons, while the left side houses the SIM card tray.. The top of the Axon 7 Mini is where you’ll find one microphone and a headphone jack, and the bottom has a secondary microphone as well as the USB C charging port.. ZTE opted for a rear facing fingerprint scanner, placing it just below the LED flash underneath the camera. If you’re a fan of the Nexus-style fingerprint sensor, you’ll feel right at home here.. I really can’t find much to complain about with the Axon 7 Mini’s design. It’s a little boring, but it has a nice aluminum finish, it’s extremely comfortable to hold, and everything you need to press is easy to hit without any funky pinky acrobatics. It won’t blow anyone away that’s looking for the next great design, but it’s fantastic on its own.. The Axon 7 Mini is powered by a mid-range Snapdragon 617 paired with a generous 3GB of RAM. At its best, it’s a capable combination that can handle pretty much any everyday task you might throw at it; at its worst, its sluggish, inconsistent, and aggravating.. Gaming and multitasking tend to do okay, but it’s a device that seems incredibly prone to UI slowdowns. Sometimes scrolling through a webpage just turns into a slideshow, or the notification shade just gets bogged down trying to display everything at once. It’s mostly fine, but you can definitely tell this is a budget phone competing in a budget price range.. The performance dip is surprising, since ZTE’s custom skin isn’t particularly heavy or egregious, but it is something to keep in mind if you’re considering this phone.. It’s worth noting that the bigger Axon 7 has just been updated to Nougat , so the Mini shouldn’t be far behind, which could increase performance.. Otherwise, pretty much everything else about the phone exceeds expectations. The 1080p is bright and crisp and might be one of the best displays I’ve seen in this price range, and the fingerprint scanner is reliable, if a bit slow. It will struggle if you pick the phone up at an odd angle and are only trying to unlock it with the sides of your finger, but for the most part I didn’t have any issues.. The bright side to some of these budget devices running sensible processors is that they tend to get better battery life than the devices running 4k screens with insanely fast processors. The Axon 7 Mini is spectacularly. I’m used to getting surprisingly good battery life out of these mid-range devices because of the lesser specs, but the Axon 7 Mini falls right in the middle of your average flagship device. That’s not necessarily a bad thing, because you can still squeeze an entire day’s usage out of this thing without a problem, but if you’re a heavy user like me you’re probably going to want to bring a charger or a portable battery.. The biggest disappointment to the average battery life is that it also gets so-so performance. It would’ve been nice to stretch the battery a little further since we weren’t getting top-tier processing out of the Mini.. ZTE’s software, on the surface, seems relatively light compared to some other phones on the market, but judging by the performance there’s clearly some background stuff that’s bogging things down, and there really aren’t any killer features to justify it.. The launcher seems very standard, but it does come with theme support. Only problem is ZTE didn’t actually support those themes, so you’ll have two options to pick from: stock Android, or Classic Mifavor. The second option looks a bit more like older ZTE devices, and the stock option looks like, well, stock Android. You can’t download any extra themes, and ZTE hasn’t sent out any extras. Kind of a wasted opportunity for a theme engine .. Fortunately, most of ZTE’s custom apps run pretty well and try to stick to Material Design guidelines. Floating buttons, slideout menus, the whole nine yards. However, some of the apps (browser, music) seem to get away from Material Design and look more like classic ZTE that would fit in just as well in a Xiaomi or Huawei phone. The settings menu manages to mix both, with the Frequently Used page offering a blocky, white menu and the All Settings page going back to standard Google design complete with a floating search button. The differences can be jarring, but at least all of the ZTE apps are well designed, even if they don’t match other pieces of the software aesthetically.. You’ll also find a few additional software additions with the Axon 7 Mini, including a Toolkit that includes a compass, a noise tester that measures decibels, a protractor, and a few other things that are a great addition to a mobile toolbox. My Voice is ZTE’s method of making most of the software voice controllable, but it’s not quite as powerful as a digital assistant. It can do things like shoot a photo if your camera is open and you say “Capture” or help you read messages from the lock screen, and it does all of this with voice recognition. It’s pretty standard stuff, although it does offer a way to use your voice to speak your password to unlock your phone. It’s not good for unlocking your phone in public, but it’s a pretty neat feature that does work well.. The software here isn’t bad, but it’s not great, either. It’s not a deal breaker for the phone overall, but hopefully ZTE can keep making improvements (especially to the performance) going forward.. When you start getting into the budget phone category, camera performance is almost always the first to go. It’s a serviceable camera, but you’ll be hard pressed to take a shot that really pops and wows compared to some other cameras. Then again, in the price range of the Axon 7 Mini, it holds its own.. a great smartphone struggle, but the Axon 7 Mini definitely isn’t terrible. It functions about as well as a $200 should and no better.. But it will create blown out, washed out photos from time to time. My only actual complaint with the Mini’s camera is the shutter lag. It always takes about a second to snap a photo, which can mean the difference between a decent photo and a missed opportunity.. ZTE launched the Axon 7 Mini at $299, which is way too high for this phone to be competitive. Since launch, though, it’s fallen in price and has hovered around $199 pretty permanently, which definitely puts the phone in a place where you should seriously consider it.. It’s half the price of the larger Axon 7, and it pretty seriously undercuts some other competitors in the cheaper segment like OnePlus. It misses the mark on a few things, but for a couple hundred bucks it’s a compelling package that’s more than worth its price tag. ZTE being able to push out software updates for devices in the same family make it all the more appealing, too.. Is the Axon 7 Mini the right phone for you? If you can afford the extra cash, you’ll definitely see some improvements going with the regular Axon 7 or one of its competitors. But if you’re on a budget, it’s hard to go wrong for $200 here.. Buy it now: ZTE , Best Buy , Amazon. About the Author: Jared Peters. Born in southern Alabama, Jared spends his working time selling phones and his spare time writing about them. The Android enthusiasm started with the original Motorola Droid, but the tech enthusiasm currently covers just about everything. He likes PC gaming, Lenovo's Moto Z line, and a good productivity app.. 35,455 Follow 245,171 Follow 11,417 Follow 19,418 Follow 36,302. Get the app on the Play Store.. Best cases for the OnePlus 5T Best cases for the Moto X4 Best 5 mounts for the Google Home Mini Best cases for the Honor View 10 Best Chargers For Your Android Phones and Tablets [2018] Best Battery Banks and Portable Chargers [2018]. Best arcade games Best apps for Daydream VR Best augmented reality apps Best apps for educators Best apps for artists Best network troubleshooting apps. How to set up your Google Home device Take better photos on your Google Pixel 2 with this trick How to enable 'Saturated' mode on your Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL display The first 5 things you need to do with your Pixel 2 or Pixel 2 XL Guide: How to use Google Lens How to turn off or remap Bixby Voice on your Samsung Galaxy S8. iFrogz Toxix Wireless Headphones review Huawei Mate 10 Pro review: The best smartphone you can't buy from a US Carrier Anker PowerDrive 2 Elite 24W car charger review Sbode Bluetooth speaker review: Everything but the kitchen sink iPhone 8 Plus review: An Android site's perspective BESTEK 3-outlet vertical cube power strip with USB-C review. How to automatically receive MMS picture... Feb 24, 2018 HTC hit with layoffs in the US, putting ... Feb 24, 2018 Motorola releases Android 8.0 Oreo to se... Feb 23, 2018 How to backup or transfer photos from yo... Feb 23, 2018 New Android app snoops live calls, turns... Feb 22, 2018 ARM has designed a SIM that can fit on a... 
Axon 7 Mini Gets Android 7.1.1!. Axon 7 Mini Gets Android 7.1.1!. Android 7.1.1 provides updated emojis, plus the ability to use two or more languages at once. Communicating is now easier (and more fun) than ever. Not only can you text in two languages, but you can “be in two places” at once! Android N gives you the ability to switch between apps or run them side-by-side. Android N also provides the ability to save even more battery power, revamped notification updates and a whole lot more so you can customize the Axon 7 Mini even more. With T-Mobile Wi-Fi Calling support you can now talk and text without using data!. Check that you have over 30% battery or hook your phone up to the charger. Then, go to settings, click System Update, and start your download. From here, your phone will restart, which may take a bit longer than usual, but don’t worry, it’s normal. Everyone loves the fingerprint sensor, but when you’re done updating and restarting, you’ll be asked for an alternate unlock method – this is all for safety!. A few months ago, we gave the Axon 7 a major upgrade to Android N. Now, we’re even more excited to tell our fans that its “little brother,” the Axon 7 Mini , is getting 7.1.1, too! But we couldn’t stop there as we’re also providing support for T-Mobile Wi-Fi Calling!. So, what do these two upgrades mean for you? Well…. If you have your Axon 7 Mini out here’s how to prepare and download this latest update:. Now, your Axon 7 Mini should be ready and running Android 7.1.1!. Axon 7 Mini Users are Invited to a Nougat Preview!. Last month we brought Nougat to the Axon 7 and just a few weeks back updated that experience to 7.1.1.. Now we’re ready to bring that same experience to the Axon 7 Mini and are .... New Axon 7 Update: Android 7.1.1. Last month we updated the Axon 7 from Android Marshmallow to Nougat, giving you a major OS upgrade along with Daydream capabilities.. Today we’re rolling out another update with .... 5 Things to Know About the Axon 7 Mini. When we built the first Axon smartphone, we looked to consumers to tell us exactly what they wanted. With the second generation Axon, we took consumer feedback to the next level .... Be the first to learn about our newest items, promotions and events.. © 1998 - 2018 ZTE Corporation and ZTE USA. 
ZTE Axon 7 Mini gets surprising Android 7.1.1 update, support for T-Mobile Wi-Fi calling. The ZTE Axon 7 Mini is one of the best phones under $200, and it's got software likely newer than your phone.. ZTE's Axon 7 flagship got an update to Android 7.1.1 in March , and it looks like the company is following through with its promise to do the same for its smaller, less powerful (but just as well-designed) Axon 7 Mini .. The phone, which sports a 5.2-inch Full HD display, shipped with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, and is making the jump right past 7.0 to Android 7.1.1. A Nougat preview for the phone was advertised on the company's forums back in March , and it seems like everything went well, since it's being released to the public.. The update reportedly improves performance and fixes bugs, and adds all of Nougat's existing features, including multi-window and support for in-line notification replies and more. Android 7.1.1, if you recall, added new emojis and support for round icons and app shortcuts, among other things. All of those are here, plus a few ZTE-specific additions, including support for T-Mobile Wi-Fi Calling.. Earlier this year, we called the ZTE Axon 7 Mini the best phone you can buy for under $300 , thanks to its combination of design, performance, camera quality and software. And while, with the Moto G5 Plus, that crown may be close to being relinquished, it's still a great device, especially at its newly-discounted price of $199.. If you currently have a ZTE Axon 7 Mini, grab the update now by going to Settings —> System Update. Just remember that the phone needs to be charged up to 30%, and it may restart a number of times during the procedure.. Do you have a ZTE Axon 7 Mini? How's it holding up after all these months? Let us know in the comments!. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The ZTE Axon 7 Mini was announced in September 2016. It is an entry level version of ZTE's 2016 flagship Axon 7. It features a 5.2" 1080p AMOLED display, Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 chipset, 3GB of RAM and 32GB internal storage. The rear camera has a 16MP sensor with f/1.9 aperture and phase detection autofocus, while the front has an 8MP sensor and f/2.2 aperture. The ZTE Axon 7 Mini is powered by a 2705mAh battery with Quick Charge 2.0, and comes with a USB Type-C port.. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Real Life Review. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Questions & Answers. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Guides, News, & Discussion. ZTE Axon 7 Mini ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Themes, Apps, and Mods. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Real Life Review ZTE Axon 7 Mini Questions & Answers ZTE Axon 7 Mini Guides, News, & Discussion ZTE Axon 7 Mini ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development ZTE Axon 7 Mini Themes, Apps, and Mods ZTE Axon 7 Mini Accessories. Most Active ZTE Axon 7 Mini Topics. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Real Life Review. More ZTE Axon 7 Mini Real Life Review Threads. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Questions & Answers. If I buy a new Axon 7 Mini today, is it still unlockable, rootable etc?. What is the latest version of ZTE B2017G in europe ?. Hard brick [EU-axon mini 7] ?. More ZTE Axon 7 Mini Questions & Answers Threads. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Guides, News, & Discussion. Canadian buys brand new US model Axon 7 mini for $109.99. Updating UK version of ZTE Axon 7 mini to Android Nougat 7.1.1. Now it's the time to buy another Mini 7 for your loved ones! (119$). More ZTE Axon 7 Mini Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. ZTE Axon 7 Mini ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. [UNLOCK] Tuliptool: unlock, TWRP, and custom boot. Axon 7 mini EDL Tool - Flash / Backup / Restore in the EDL mode. [UNOFFICIAL]Resurrection Remix 5.8.5 [ZTE Axon 7 Mini]. More ZTE Axon 7 Mini ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development Threads. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Themes, Apps, and Mods. ZTE Axon 7 Mini Lineage OS Dolby Atmos MOD. More ZTE Axon 7 Mini Themes, Apps, and Mods Threads. Just installed this new custom Skin Axon 7 Mini. More ZTE Axon 7 Mini Accessories Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
This case turns your iPhone into a modular device. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: The devil is in the details. Canon's AI flash moves by itself to make portraits more flattering. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. ZTE's Axon 7 Mini smartphone won't wow you, but it's cheap. For less than $350, I'll even tolerate calling a 5.2-inch screen ‘mini.'. ZTE's Axon 7 was a surprisingly good phone , which proved that the Chinese company is capable of delivering on its "affordable premium" promise. In order to capitalize on that success, ZTE is offering a cheaper, more petite version. The Axon 7 Mini will arrive stateside in October, and while US pricing hasn't been announced, it will retail in Europe for 299 euros. That's about $330, which is $70 less than the original, as well as the OnePlus 3 and Alcatel Idol 4S .. Gallery: Meet the ZTE Axon 7 Mini | 21 Photos. I briefly played with the Axon 7 Mini and found it to be a capable variant for the price but altogether unexciting.. Like a fun-sized candy bar, the Mini resembles a compressed version of the original Axon 7. They both have the same handsome design and feel equally solid and smooth. The new phone also has dual stereo speakers that ZTE said are actually louder.. The Mini has a 5.2-inch full HD display compared to its big brother's 5.5-inch 2K screen, leaving it with a lower pixel density (424 ppi). That's still pretty decent, and I didn't notice a huge difference between the two device's panels.. ZTE didn't just shrink the Axon 7's display and price; you'll also find a smaller battery (2,705mAh versus 3,250mAh) and less-sharp rear camera. Despite the loss of megapixels, the Mini's 16MP camera still took decent pictures that looked crisp and vibrant. The camera up front retains the same 8MP resolution, and it delivered selfies that were clear and bright. In low light, though, the Mini's single-tone LED flash may lead to less accurate colors than the Axon 7's dual-tone light.. The biggest trade-off ZTE had to make to bring the Mini's price down was in the processor. Instead of the premium Snapdragon 820 that powers the Axon 7, the smaller phone is equipped with a lower-end Snapdragon 617 chip. It also offers less RAM and storage (3GB and 32GB, respectively), but I didn't notice any lag during my time with the phone.. The Mini will also take a longer time to recharge than the original, since it supports Quick Charge 2.0 instead of the newer 3.0. This means it'll get to 46 percent in 30 minutes of charging versus 83 percent in the same time on its larger counterpart.. Overall, the Axon 7 Mini is an affordable phone worth considering, especially for those who don't want a hefty handset. And at about $330, it could be the best phone for the price. But ZTE isn't surprising anyone here. Releasing two sizes of a flagship is basically an industry standard at this point. We're far more interested to see what ZTE will produce out of its attempt to crowdsource a mobile device through its Project CSX campaign , where the company will let the public submit and vote on ideas for a mobile device that it will produce by 2017.. We're live all week from Berlin, Germany, for IFA 2016. Click here to catch up on all the news from the show.. android , gadgetry , gadgets , gear , ifa , ifa2016 , mobile , personal computing , personalcomputing , smartphone , ZTE , ZTEAxon , ZTEAxon7Mini. Cherlynn is reviews editor of Engadget. She led a mostly unexciting life in Singapore, her home country, until she came to New York in 2012. Since then, she's earned her master's in journalism from Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism and covered smartphones and wearables for. Life is now like a Hollywood movie, with almost as many lights and much more Instagram. Canon's AI flash moves by itself to make portraits more flattering. The motorized Speedlite 470EX-AI finds the best angle to bounce light.. 'Papers, Please' official short film recreates the game's bleak tone. Arztotzka has never been so glorious.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Find a phone and plan then locate your store to purchase what's on your list.. ZTE Axon 7 Mini User Guide. SIM Card Type : Nano SIM. Warranty and Repair : 2 year limited warranty, PLUS 1 year PC mobile 3rd year warranty. Weighing only 153 grams and featuring a 5.2inch AMOLED Full HD Display, ZTE Axon 7 Mini is built to fit effortlessly into your everyday life.. Found a phone you love? Visit the Prepaid Cell Phones Express display in-store and pick up a phone today!. City / Town or Postal Code. Use our data calculator to find out how much data you will use with various service.. 
