CNET también está disponible en español.. ZTE's Hawkeye packing midrange specs hits Kickstarter. ZTE's crowdsourced phone that's surprisingly not called Phoney McPhoneface is now official and packs pretty decent midrange specs for just $199.. by January 17, 2017 6:00 AM PST. Quick specs 2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 3GB RAM, 32GB onboard storage 5.5-inch display Runs Android 7.0 Nougat 3,000mAh battery with Quick Charge 2.0. When ZTE announced Project CSX , its crowdsourced phone, it seemed sure to go wrong somehow. But thankfully the internet decided to play nice this time around. The result is a $199 phone that you can order from Kickstarter that will ship this September to almost anywhere in the world.. The phone has midrange specs to keep costs low, but its Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor is far from shabby. It'll have impressive dual rear cameras, too -- one 13-megapixel and one 12-megapixel combination that's capable of optical zoom.. Users also voted for other cool features including a self-adhesive case, eye-tracking for scrolling web pages and dual-SIM support. The phone will come unlocked, and it also has NFC and a fingerprint sensor.. I'm honestly impressed to see how many features ZTE is packing into the phone at this price, but the September shipping date is quite a long time to wait and there will be plenty of new phones that may offer similar or better features by then.. These prototype versions of Hawkeye don't feature the dual-cameras that the phone will come with when it ships in September.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder ZTE Hawkeye. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. ZTE Hawkeye smartphone was launched in January 2017. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. The ZTE Hawkeye is powered by octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 256GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the ZTE Hawkeye packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The ZTE Hawkeye runs Android 7.0 and is powered by a 3000mAh non removable battery. The ZTE Hawkeye is a dual SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and NFC. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. ZTE Hawkeye's Kickstarter Campaign Cancelled; Smartphone Goes Back to Drawing Board. ZTE Hawkeye Specifications Were a 'Mistake' Says Company; Snapdragon 835 SoC an Option. ZTE Hawkeye Specifications Unveiled, Will Sport a Dual Camera Setup. More ZTE mobiles ZTE mobiles price in India. Release date January 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Battery capacity (mAh) 3000 Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 256. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash Yes Front camera 8-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n/ac GPS No Bluetooth Yes NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 3G No 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 3G No 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for ZTE Hawkeye. 5 Out of 5. 5 Star 1 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. Displaying review(s) 1- 1 of 1 Sort by: Most Helpful Most Recent. By JULIN JAMES | 1 Feb 2017. you have not explained about the hawk eye feature which is revolutionary.we can control the screen with our eye gestures.. Was this review helpful? Yes No. ZTE Hawkeye's Kickstarter Campaign Cancelled; Smartphone Goes Back to Drawing Board. ZTE Hawkeye Specifications Were a 'Mistake' Says Company; Snapdragon 835 SoC an Option. ZTE Hawkeye Specifications Unveiled, Will Sport a Dual Camera Setup. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Blade V9 ZTE Blade A3 ZTE Axon M ZTE Nubia Z17 miniS ZTE Nubia Z17S ZTE Blade A2S ZTE Nubia Z17 Lite ZTE Blade V7 Plus ZTE Small Fresh 5 ZTE Nubia M2 Play ZTE V870 ZTE Nubia Z17 ZTE Blade X Max ZTE Max XL ZTE Blade Max 3 ZTE Nubia Z17 mini ZTE Nubia N2 ZTE Nubia M2 Lite ZTE Nubia M2 ZTE Nubia N1 lite ZTE Blade V8 Lite ZTE Blade V8 Mini ZTE Blade A2 Plus ZTE Blade V8 ZTE Blade V8 Pro ZTE CYMBAL-T ZTE Axon 7 Max. Xiaomi Redmi Note Sharp Aquos R vs. Zte Hawkeye Zte Hawkeye vs. Motorola Moto M Zte Hawkeye vs. Samsung Galaxy A7 2017 Zte Hawkeye vs. Oneplus 3t Zte Hawkeye vs. Zte Axon 7 Google Pixel 2 Xl vs. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 vs. Zte Hawkeye Samsung Galaxy S8 vs. Zte Hawkeye Zte Hawkeye vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Zte Hawkeye vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Rear Cameras, Curved Glass Design Launched. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics ZTE Hawkeye in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 739 results for "ZTE Hawkeye". ZTE Axon 7 Mini - 32gb - Factory Unlocked Phone - (Platinum Grey). $150.00 (15 used &amp new offers). Unlocked ZTE Axon 7 Mini B2017G Smartphone, Ion Gold, Snapdragon 617, Dual SIM Standby, 16MP Rear Camera, 5.2" AMOLED FHD Display, Dual Stereo Speaker. $107.89 (32 used &amp new offers). Black PU Leather Belt Clip Holster for ZTE Axon 7S / Blade Spark / V7 Plus / Max 3 / A602 / X Max / Max 3 / A2 Plus / V8 Pro / Max XL / Nubia N2 M2 Z17 / ZMax Champ / V870 / Hawkeye + Mini Stand. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. Women's PU Leather Crossbody Bag Wallet for Apple iPhone X / 8 7 Plus / ZTE Nubia Z17 / Z17 Mini / Blade X Max / Max 3 / A2 Plus / Maven 3 / Max XL / Axon 7S / Hawkeye / OnePlus 5T 3T (Beige). Only 2 left in stock - order soon.. Women's Horizontal PU Leather Shoulder Bag Wallet Purse Clutch for Apple iPhone X / 8 7 Plus / ZTE Nubia Z17 / Z17 Mini / Blade X Max / Max 3 / A2 Plus / V8 Pro / Max XL / Axon 7S / Hawkeye (Magenta). Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. Women's PU Leather Crossbody Bag Wallet for Apple iPhone X / 8 7 Plus / ZTE Nubia Z17 / Z17 Mini / Blade X Max / Max 3 / A2 Plus / Maven 3 / Max XL / Axon 7S / Hawkeye / OnePlus 5T 3T (Brown). Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. USB Type C Cable, 3pack Extra Long 3Ft 5Ft 6Ft Black USB C Data & Charging Cord for ZTE ZFive 1 2,Warp 7, ZTE. MAX/Hawkeye and other USB C Device. Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. 8, HTC U11/U11 +/Eyes, LG G6/Q8, ZTE ZFive 1 2,Warp 7 and other USB C .... Vangoddy Mini Hybrid Wallet Carrying Case for BLU Life One X2 Mini / Vivo XL2 / Grand Max / Energy / M X J5 / Tank Xtreme 5.0 / Neo X2 / ZTE Hawkeye / Blade V8 / V8 Pro / A2 Plus / A520 (H - Blue). 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. Lencca Kyma PU Leather Horizontal Crossbody Wallet Purse for ZTE Blade X Max / Max 3 / A2 Plus / V8 / V8 Pro / Nubia Z17 / Z17 Mini / Max XL / Axon 7S / Prestige 2 / Hawkeye (Wine / Gold). Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. Sumaclife Heavy Duty Nylon Belt Clip Case for BLU Life One X2 Mini / Vivo XL2 / Grand Max / Energy / M X J5 / Tank Xtreme 5.0 / Neo X2 / ZTE Hawkeye / Blade V8 / V8 Pro / A2 Plus / A520 (Gray). Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. Women's Braid PU Leather Vertical Shoulder Bag Wallet Purse for Apple iPhone X / 8 7 Plus / ZTE Nubia Z17 / Z17 Mini / Blade X Max / Max 3 / A2 Plus / V8 / V8 Pro / Max XL / Axon 7S / Hawkeye (Bronze). Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. VanGoddy Women's PU Leather Wallet Clutch Handbag (Silver/Black) for ZTE Axon 7S / Blade A2S / Spark / V7 Plus / A602 / A2 Plus / V8 Pro / Nubia N2 M2 Z17 / ZMax Champ / V870 / Hawkeye. 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. Vangoddy Mini Hybrid Wallet Carrying Case for BLU Life One X2 Mini / Vivo XL2 / Grand Max / Energy / M X J5 / Tank Xtreme 5.0 / Neo X2 / ZTE Hawkeye / Blade V8 / V8 Pro / A2 Plus / A520 (V - Blue). 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. Sumaclife Heavy Duty Nylon Hybrid Running Workout Armband for ZTE Axon 7S / Max XL / Hawkeye / Blade Max 3 / A2 Plus / V8 / V8 Pro / Sony Xperia L1 / XA1 Ultra / XZ Premium (Black). 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. Black Outdoors Nylon Cellphone Holder for ZTE Blade A3 5.5in / X / Axon M 5.2in / nubia Z17 miniS / V870 / ZMax Grand LTE / Hawkeye / Warp 7 + Selfie Stick. Compatible with ZTE Blade A3 5. LTE / Champ / Z Zmax 2 / Hawkeye .... Universal Waterproof Case Armband with Removable Lanyard for ZTE Blade A2S / Spark / V7 Plus / A602 / A2 Plus / V8 Pro / Axon 7S / Nubia N2 M2 Z17 / ZMax Champ / V870 / Hawkeye (Pink). 5% off purchase of 3 items See Details. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Car Cradles & Mounts. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 12(700), 13(700). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300/50 Mbps. 154 x 76 x 7.9 mm (6.06 x 2.99 x 0.31 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~71.3% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). Dual: 13 MP + 12 MP, autofocus, LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 2.0). Also known as ZTE Project CSX. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. ZTE Hawkeye - user opinions and reviews. what they need to improve is probably:. Quad DAC(read why mx4 pro/G5 is one badass phone), coz those 24/192 is not a small. This is just a prototype, their going to enhance the phone's specs once they reach their goal on Kickstarter. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Huawei Premia 4G M931 Sony Xperia XZ1 Xiaomi Mi 3. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Axon 7 ZTE nubia Z17s ZTE Axon 9 ZTE nubia Z17. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for zte hawkeye. All Listings - Current page. Save zte hawkeye to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow zte hawkeye to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. 3pcs For ZTE Hawkeye Matte/Nano Explosion/High Clear Screen Protector. 3pcs For ZTE Hawkeye High Clear,Anti Fingerprint Matte,Nano Explosion Film. For ZTE Hawkeye Neoprene Pouch Bag Sleeve case cover For ZTE ZFive L LTE 5". 3pcs For ZTE Hawkeye Anti Blue Ray,Anti Fingerprint High Clear Screen Film. 3pcs For ZTE Hawkeye Anti Scratch Matte,High Clear Ultrathin Screen Protector. 3pcs For ZTE Hawkeye High Clear/Matte/An ti Blue Ray/Nano Explosion Film. Silicone Case Cover For ZTE Hawkeye/ZTE Project CSX/zte maven 2/ZTE Blade A3 A6. For ZTE Hawkeye 5.5" 3D Punk Style Rugged PU Leather Case Cover Flip Wallet Rock. Unicorn Belt Clip Holster Bag Hook Loop Pouch Leather Cover Phone Case For ZTE. For ZTE Hawkeye (5.5") Running Jogging Sports Gym Armband Mobile Holder Case. For ZTE Hawkeye (5.5") Protective Faux Leather Pull Tab Pouch Case Cover. For ZTE Hawkeye (5.5") Leather Pull Tab Pouch Case Cover with Earphone. Desktop Dock Charging Charger Sync Cradle Station For ZTE Hawkeye. For ZTE Hawkeye 5.5" 3D Punk Style Rugged PU Leather Flip Case Cover Wallet Rock. For ZTE Hawkeye 5.5" 3D Emboss Cartoon PU Leather Flip Cover Case Cute Girl Love. OTG Host Data Sync Cable Cord Adapter To USB Flash Drive For ZTE Hawkeye. For ZTE Hawkeye AUX Auxiliary Audio 3.5mm Stereo Jack To Jack Flat Cable. OEM Original ZTE Adaptive Fast Charger TYPE C USB 2.0 Cable+Wall Charger TA20JWE. 3.5mm Mini Portable Stereo Speaker Music Amplifier For ZTE Hawkeye Samrtphone. 3.5mm AUX Audio Cassette Tape Adapter Transmitters For ZTE Hawkeye Samrtphone. For ZTE Hawkeye Car Charger with Type C USB Data/Charging Cable. Waterproof Hand Strap Carry Wallet Case Bag Cover Pouch for ZTE Grand Smartphone. ZTE Phones USB 2.1 Amp Car Charger+3 Ft TYPE C Cable WHITE. For ZTE Hawkeye 5.5" 3D Punk Style Rugged PU Leather Case Cover Flip Wallet Rock. For ZTE Hawkeye 5.5" 3D Punk Style Rugged PU Leather Flip Case Cover Wallet Rock. Universal Case Original Bugatti Real Leather Franco Phone Protective Pouch Cover. 118 new & refurbished from $36.99. OEM Genuine SAMSUNG Adaptive Fast CAR Charger Adapter+Type-C USB For ZTE Phones. ZTE Phones USB 2.1 Amp Wall Charger+TYPE C Cable WHITE. ZTE Phones USB 2.1 Amp Car Charger+TYPE C Charging Cable. ZTE Phones USB 2.1 Amp Wall Charger+TYPE C Charging Cable. Shockproof Mobile Phone Case Bag Cover Carry Wallet For ZTE Smartphone. Dark Avengers Cover for Nubia Z17. Zte, Quality Design Painted Case WeirdLand. HDMI AV Video Adapter Cable Wireless Dongle To TV Stick For ZTE Hawkeye. High Quality Aluminium In-Ear Earbud Stereo Handsfree Earphone for ZTE Hawkeye. Type C USB Extension Charger Data Sync Cable Cord For ZTE Hawkeye Samrtphone. 1 PAIR WIRELESS BLUETOOTH EARPHONE EARBUDS + DOCK FOR ZTE NUBIA Z17 MINI S Z MAX. USB-C PC Charger Charging Sync Data Cable Cord Supply For ZTE Hawkeye Samrtphone. BLUETOOTH WIRELESS HEADSET STEREO EARPHONE FOR ZTE NUBIA Z17 Z11 MINI S Z MAX XL. WIRELESS BLUETOOTH 4.0 MIC + EARPHONE HEADSET FOR ZTE NUBIA Z17 MAX XL GRAND X. 360 DEGREES ROTATING CAR AIR VENT MOUNT HOLDER FOR ZTE NUBIA Z17 Z11 MINI S Z. USB Type C Cable Phone Charger & Data Lead for ZTE Hawkeye 1m. US QC 3.0 Quick Charger Adapter USB Data Cable For ZTE Hawkeye Samrtphone. EU QC 3.0 Quick Charger Adapter USB Data Cable For ZTE Hawkeye Samrtphone. 1 PAIR WIRELESS BLUETOOTH EARPHONE EARBUDS + DOCK FOR ZTE NUBIA Z17 MINI S Z MAX. Type C Car Charger (Fast Charge 2000 mah) Coiled Cord Adapter - White. Type C Car Charger (Fast Charge 2000 mah) Coiled Cord Adapter - Black. Type-C 3.1 to USB-C Charger Charging Data Cable Cord For ZTE Hawkeye Samrtphone. USB Power Charger Charging Data Sync Jeans Cable Cord For ZTE Hawkeye Samrtphone. USB Power Charger Charging Data Sync Nylon Cable Cord For ZTE Hawkeye Samrtphone. 3.5mm Clip-on Lapel Mini Lavalier Mic Microphone For ZTE Hawkeye Samrtphone. US Dual USB Fast Charger Charging Adapter Data Cable For ZTE Hawkeye Samrtphone. Angled USB Power Adapter Charger Data Sync Cable Cord For ZTE Hawkeye Samrtphone. For ZTE Hawkeye 5.5" 3D Emboss Cartoon PU Leather Flip Cover Case Cute Girl Love. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Cell Phones, Smart Watches & Accessories. Cell Phone Cases, Covers & Skins. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. ZTE Hawkeye Specifications Unveiled, Will Sport a Dual Camera Setup. Tasneem Akolawala , 18 January 2017. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. ZTE Hawkeye will pack a 3000mAh battery. It will be powered by a Snapdragon 625 processor. The smartphone offers 32GB of internal storage. At CES 2017 , ZTE unveiled the result of its Project CSX - a smartphone with eye-tracking capabilities and a self-adhesive back. At that time, the company refrained from announcing any official specs, and just put up a concept phone on display. Now, ZTE has unveiled the specifications of the Hawkeye smartphone, giving you a fair idea on whether the smartphone is worth investing in or not. The Hawkeye can be backed on Kickstarter for $199. The main highlight in the specifications is the dual camera setup at the back.. The ZTE Hawkeye smartphone will sport NFC and have the fingerprint sensor embedded at the back of the device. It will sport a 5.5-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixels) display. The smartphone will be powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor paired with 3GB of RAM. The ZTE Hawkeye offers 32GB of inbuilt storage with the option to expand further via a microSD card (up to 256GB).. As for optics, it will sport a dual camera setup at the back - one sensor at 12-megapixel and the other at 13-megapixel with optical zoom. At the front, the smartphone will house an 8-megapixel selfie camera for video chatting. The ZTE Hawkeye will run on Android Nougat out of the box, and pack a 3000mAh battery with quick charging support. There's also support for Hi-Fi Audio for superior sound quality from the smartphone. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n/ac, USB Type-C port, and a dual-SIM slot.. The device is expected to be shipped sometime in the second quarter, most likely in September. ZTE first announced its crowdsourced smartphone idea in back in August, and called it Project CSX. Based on entries, the company announced the winning entry from the contributions in October - an eye-tracking, self-adhesive smartphone. Now that the specs are unveiled, the ZTE Hawkeye isn't a bad package for its price, especially with the eye-tracking abilities that should allow you to browse through web pages just by moving your eyes. The company looks to raise $500,000 on Kickstarter , but has managed to raise over $31,400 only since January 4.. As for design, the Kickstarter page still has the prototype design, and doesn't sport the dual camera setup at the back. ZTE should unveil the final device sometime in the near future.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. ZTE Hawkeye's Kickstarter Campaign Cancelled; Smartphone Goes Back to Drawing Board. ZTE Hawkeye Specifications Were a 'Mistake' Says Company; Snapdragon 835 SoC an Option. ZTE Hawkeye Specifications Unveiled, Will Sport a Dual Camera Setup. More ZTE mobiles ZTE mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , Android Nougat , Mobiles , Project CSX , ZTE , ZTE Hawkeye , ZTE Hawkeye Features , ZTE Hawkeye Highlights , ZTE Hawkeye Launch , ZTE Hawkeye Price , ZTE Hawkeye Specifications. Tasneem Akolawala Email Tasneem. When not expelling tech wisdom, Tasneem feeds on good stories that strike on all those emotional chords. She loves road trips, a good laugh, and interesting people. ECI Apps Suite Launched by Election Commission in Time for Upcoming Elections. Why We're Excited About Nintendo Switch and Sherlock. ZTE Hawkeye Specifications Unveiled, Will Sport a Dual Camera Setup. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
ZTE scraps Kickstarter for Hawkeye, its crowdsourced smartphone. ZTE’s Project CSX, a competition that empowered customers to. submit their vision of the next. great mobile device, is heading back to the drawing board. ZTE is also canceling the Kickstarter campaign , but the Chinese company said it “doesn’t mean the project is over.”. The goal was to produce the world’s first “crowdsourced” mobile device — one with functionality, hardware, and an aesthetic voted on by ZTE’s online community. After an extended brainstorming session involving 400 submissions from more than 176 countries, the company settled on a winner: the Hawkeye, an eye-tracking phone that adheres to the surface of tables, walls, and chairs.. But to keep the phone affordable, the Hawkeye’s specifications had to be on the lower end, and this didn’t sit well with the backers who were expecting a flagship phone. That’s why the Kickstarter has now been canceled, and ZTE is “reevaluating the device” while still looking to its Z-Community forum to listen for feedback. The company only reached $36,245 of its $500,000 goal.. Hawkeye will have eye-tracking and self-adhesive capabilities, but more importantly it will have better specs, or that’s what ZTE is promising at least. Of course, now that ZTE is going back to the drawing board it cannot maintain its original. Those interested will have to look to the forums for these kinds of updates.. “All of your support, perspectives, and suggestions are what has driven Hawkeye so far, and for that we are grateful,” the company wrote in a blog post. “We will continue to push the boundaries, think outside the box, and pave new paths to ultimately deliver a device that you want, all while continuing to listen and explore with you every step of the way.”. Pledges by Kickstarter backers will be voided and refunded, and the company says any further updates will come from the Z-Community forum.. From the way it has been conceived and produced, to the way it was sold and promoted, ZTE’s Hawkeye phone broke away from conventional methods of making and selling smartphones.. “With Project CSX, we experimented by turning the typical R&D process on its head and did something completely different within the industry,” said Jeff Yee, ZTE USA’s vice president of technology planning and partnerships. “We believe that the Hawkeye name reflects the spirit and vision of ZTE as we continue to put the consumer first throughout this entire process and will continue to do so in every phone we deliver.”. beat out several other contending ideas in Project CSX. One was a stock Android flagship phone that would do away with the company’s third-party overlay. Another was a virtual reality diving mask that would let. users swim anywhere while showing images that make them feel like they are in the ocean.. But the winner is in some ways even more radical. uses eye-tracking sensors to translate eye movements to. software tasks, a self-adhesive backing that allows it to. be mounted to a wall or flat surface, and split-screen technology that allows two users to view different content at the same time.. If you’re wondering how ZTE settled on the name, it was put to a vote, just like most other aspects of the phone. However, the Hawkeye name wasn’t the top choice. There were apparently at least five other names ahead of it, but all had been snapped up as trademarks by other companies. ZTE got lucky when it arrived at Hawkeye, given how well it matches the phone’s headline eye-tracking feature.. The Hawkeye’s eye-tracking system, or ETS, comprises two laser-focusing cameras — one on the front and one on the bottom — that captures users’ pupil movement. This allows users to scroll up and down a PDF, book, or dense text file without tilting their. heads, for instance, or rewind or fast-forward a video by glancing. dual directional viewing screen, meanwhile — technology pioneered by Japanese display technology firm Sharp — lets two different types of content be displayed simultaneously. A user standing to the left of the Hawkeye can. different image than one standing to the right, for instance. ZTE says it’s the first time the technology has been implemented in. The self-adhesive backing — the result of two years of polymer research, ZTE says — consists of medical-grade silicon that provides an adequate adhesion strength that is “neither too strong to peel off […] nor too sticky to the hand.” It won’t be part of the phone though, and will be applied to a case for the phone.. The Hawkeye’s initial hardware was respectable. front was a 5.5-inch LCD screen with a 1,920 x 1,080-pixel resolution. It featured eye-tracking cameras and sensors, as well as an ambient light sensor. Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 625 octa-core 2GHz processor powered the device with 3GB of RAM, 32GB of storage space, and a MicroSD card slot. The 3,000mAh battery is charged using USB Type-C with Quick Charge 2.0 technology.. On the Hawkeye’s back was a dual-lens camera setup. One has 12 megapixels and the other 13-megapixels, and used together will produce the desirable bokeh blurred background effect. We were told to expect some kind of optical zoom feature, which may operate like the iPhone 7 Plus, and it has optical image stabilization onboard. On the front is an 8-megapixel. Other features include a fingerprint sensor on the back, ZTE’s continued emphasis on sound with a decent audio system, and NFC to enable Android Pay.. Article originally published in January 2017. Updated on 02-17-2017 by Julian Chokkattu: Added in. news that ZTE is canceling the Project CSX Kickstarter.. Everything you need to know about the Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL. Everything we know about the Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S. Everything you need to know about the Essential PH-1 phone. These are the phone trends that will dominate 2018. Microsoft Surface Phone rumors and news leaks. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. New Android virus poses as an Adobe Flash Player update. Everything we know about the Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S. Sony’s Xperia XZ2 smartphones have better Super Slow Motion than the…. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Got a tip? Let us know.. You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.. Startup Battlefield TechCrunch is going to Paris - Apply for Startup Battlefield Europe today!. ZTE’s first crowdsourced device hits Kickstarter under the name Hawkeye. What is a smart mirror and why do so many companies think you want. France’s presidential front-runner François Fillon on French. Lexip’s joystick-mouse combo is a strange but promising. Ziro’s robotics kit for kids now works with. France’s Digital Minister Mounir Mahjoubi on French. ZTE will deliver the first Android Oreo (Go Edition) handset for the U.S. ZTE brings premium features to its mid-range Blade. intelligence agencies are still warning against buying Huawei and ZTE. Posted Jan 4, 2017 by Brian Heater ( @bheater ). Delphi’s self-driving car takes us on a stress-free tour of Las. Good on ZTE for managing to squeeze some press at every turn for its Project CSX offering. At the very least, the whole undertaking has been one of the more interesting approaches a major smartphone maker has taken over the past year, appealing to the internet hive mind for ideas every step along the way.. I’ll admit I expressed a bit of disappointment the last go round, when the company finally unveiled the winner – a sticky-backed handset with built-in eye-tracking. Sure, it’s not exactly par for the course for the fourth-ranked smartphone maker in the US, but I likely wasn’t the only one rooting for something exceptionally weird out of the project – like the piano playing robot hand or VR diving mask.. And now they’ve helped pick a name – one that will either evoke a sharpshooting superhero or a wise-cracking army surgeon, depending on your age range/level of geekdom.. The name Hawkeye apparently won out over 540 name submissions from interested parties, a moniker it carries with it as it hits Kickstarter today , with a typically low ZTE asking price of $199 (a crowdfunding discount off the final market price, mind).. The final version of the phone is set to start shipping in Q3 of this year – all said a pretty ambitious timeline for such a project.. BMW's prototype 5 series drives us around. ZBoard is an electric skateboard that. Two of Razer’s crazy concept laptops were. Check out the real world version of the. 10 of the coolest gadgets we saw at CES 2017. Ford CEO Mark Fields on mobility services. Take a ride with us in a self-driving Audi Q7. At 50 years, CES is a show in transition. ZTE is a leading global provider of telecommunications equipment and network solutions. Founded in 1985, ZTE Corporation has been listed as an A-share company on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange since 1997. In December 2004, ZTE was successfully listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange in Hong Kong, becoming the first Chinese company to hold both A shares and H shares. Currently, ZTE is the telecom …. Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox. Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories. The Last Episode Of | Crunch Report. The Samsung Galaxy S9 arrives March 16 for $720, with AR emojis, real-time translation and a better. 18 hours ago | Brian Heater. Samsung’s Galaxy S9 wants to turn the camera into a new home. 18 hours ago | Darrell Etherington. 19 hours ago | Brian Heater. Huawei launches its new MediaPad M5. 21 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois. Acorns, the financial management service for everyone else, adds 3 million. 7 minutes ago | Jonathan Shieber. Sony teases an ultra low light camera for its future. 27 minutes ago | Brian Heater. Crooks launder money using real (and fake) Amazon. 34 minutes ago | John Biggs. Sailfish v3 sets its sights on 4G feature. 48 minutes ago | Natasha Lomas. Delphi’s self-driving car takes us on a stress-free tour of Las. Sales & Proposal Specialist at PSF Mechanical, Inc. Field Services Engineer at Haivision Network Video (New York, NY, USA). Equipment Service Analyst (Contract) at DWFritz (Wilsonville, OR, United States). Senior Server Engineer at ProsperWorks (San Francisco, CA, USA). Principal Software Engineer (Backend) at CBRE (Seattle, WA, USA). Subscribe to The Daily Crunch. Latest headlines delivered to you daily. Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch. Acorns, the financial management service for everyone else, adds 3 million. 7 minutes ago by Jonathan Shieber. Sony teases an ultra low light camera for its future. 27 minutes ago by Brian Heater. Crooks launder money using real (and fake) Amazon. 34 minutes ago by John Biggs. Sailfish v3 sets its sights on 4G feature. 48 minutes ago by Natasha Lomas. In 2018 the headphone jack is a rare. 49 minutes ago by Matt Burns. Ford adds Waze to its Sync 3 AppLink for iOS. 2 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden. BMW wants to turn your smartphone into your car. 2 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois. KaiOS, a feature phone platform built on the ashes of Firefox OS, adds Facebook, Twitter and Google. 2 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden. 2 hours ago by Natasha Lomas. Sony’s smart assistant-powered Xperia Ear Duo arrives in May, priced at. 2 hours ago by Brian Heater. 
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please. Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Preferences Community Newsletters Log Out. ZTE's crowdsourced smartphone, Hawkeye, now available for pre-order on Kickstarter. Want a phone that reads and reacts to your eye movement? Of course you do.. | January 5, 2017 -- 00:00 GMT (08:00 GMT+08:00). The ZTE Hawkeye is watching you.. Hawkeye is the official name of ZTE's Project CSX, a crowdsourced smartphone, the company announced on January 4.. The best mobile tech, PCs and laptops on display. Kingston unveils 'world's highest capacity USB flash drive'. Voice is the next computer interface. Dell's killer new XPS 13 2-in-1. HP shows new business convertible and Sprout Pro. Under Armour highlights digital transformation efforts. Last year, ZTE undertook Project CSX , a crowdsource campaign looking for innovative ideas surrounding mobile devices. The winning idea is a smartphone that features a self-adhering case, which can hold the phone in place -- even vertically -- on various surfaces. That's a neat trick, but the real magic is in the phone's eye-tracking technology.. Hawkeye will track a users' eyes and translate eye movement into gestures. For example, as a user is reading a webpage or document the phone will automatically scroll down as the user nears the end of the text.. ZTE's Kickstarter campaign for Hawkeye is now live, with a single $199 pledge level. By backing the campaign, you will receive the adhesive case, and a final version of the Hawkeye smartphone before it begins shipping to the general public, with an expected ship date in September 2017. ZTE has set a Kickstarter goal of $500,000.. Other notable specs listed on the Kickstarter campaign included a dual-SIM setup, 5.5-inch FHD display, dual rear cameras, a fingerprint sensor, expandable memory, and it will ship with Android Nougat.. Additionally, ZTE announced the US launch of the Blade V8 Pro smartphone. Previously available throughout Asia, Europe, and Mexico, this is the first time ZTE has brought its Blade line to the US.. Priced at $230, the Blade V8 Pro is available for pre-order starting today through various online retailers, including ZTEUsa.com. There's no word on when the device will begin shipping, however.. On paper, at least, the Blade V8 Pro looks like a solid deal. Its specs include a 5.5-inch FHD display, Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor, 13 megapixel dual flash rear camera, fingerprint scanner, and a 3,140 milliamp-hour battery complete with quick charge.. MWC 2018: Sony Mobile unveils Xperia XZ2. At Mobile World Congress, Samsung advances with DeX Pad and may just will it to success. With Galaxy S9, Samsung kicks it up without a notch. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9 Plus: Should you upgrade based on specs, price and camera improvements?. Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription. By registering you become a member of the CBS Interactive family of sites and you have read and agree to the Terms of Use , Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. You agree to receive updates, alerts and promotions from CBS and that CBS may share information about you with our marketing partners so that they may contact you by email or otherwise about their products or services.. You will also receive a complimentary subscription to the ZDNet's Tech Update Today and ZDNet Announcement newsletters. You may unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time.. You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center .. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement. Select Site CBS Cares CBS Films CBS Radio CBS.com CBSInteractive CBSNews.com CBSSports.com Chowhound CNET College Networks GameSpot Last.fm MaxPreps Metacritic.com Moneywatch mySimon Radio.com Search.com Shopper.com Showtime TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com ZDNet. Manage | Log Out. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. ZTE Hawkeye specs,features & price Follow us on social media technology news subscribe subsciribe = https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCu7l... facebook = https://tr-tr.facebook.com/people/Tec... twitter = https://twitter.com/nismonden tumblr = https://www.tumblr.com/login?redirect... musıc = https://soundcloud.com/aturamusic zte axon 7 ZTE Hawkeye specs,ZTE Hawkeye features,ZTE Hawkeye specification,ZTE Hawkeye price,ZTE Hawkeye relasedate,ZTE Hawkeye unboxing, ZTE Hawkeye handson,ZTE Hawkeye gsmarena,ZTE Hawkeye egatgets,ZTE Hawkeye news,ZTE Hawkeye review,ZTE Hawkeye india,ZTE Hawkeye smartphone, zte zmax pro zte phones zte zmax zte maven 2 zte zmax 2 zte axon zte blade v7 zte zmax pro case zte nubia z11 zte axon 7 review zte axon 7 mini zte avid plus zte axon 7 price zte axon pro zte axon mini zte avid trio zte axon 7 uk zte blade v7 lite zte blade zte blade s6 zte blade v6 zte blade a610 zte blade a310 zte blade a711 zte blitz zte blade v7 review zte corporation zte charger zte citrine zte cases zte cricket zte cell phones zte cymbal zte company zte canada zte customer service zte drivers zte duo max zte default password zte device zte dongle zte duo max case zte dual sim zte data card zte daydream zte dialer codes zte elite zte emojis zte egypt zte europe zte edge zte epms zte eco mobius zte earphones zte e10q zte e10tl zte flip phone zte f320 zte f286 zte fanfare zte f660 zte factory reset zte falcon zte frp bypass zte fanfare 2 zte f609 zte grand x max 2 zte grand x 3 zte grand x 4 zte grand x max zte grand x max plus zte grand x zte grand x 4 review zte grand x max 2 cases zte grand x2 zte grandtm x max 2 zte hotspot zte hard reset zte hidden menus and functions zte headphones zte h108n zte handphone zte help zte headquarters zte huawei zte h298n zte india zte imperial max zte indonesia zte imperial max reviews zte imperial zte imperial max case zte imperial 2 zte ip address zte imperial max specs zte insufficient storage zte jobs zte join me zte jobs 2016 zte join air zte japan zte jumia zte jailbreak zte johor bahru zte jay zte join air connection manager zte k88 zte kis 3 zte kernel zte k85 zte kis 3 max zte kernel phone cases zte kis 2 max zte keyboard zte kenya zte kirk zte lever zte legacy zte logo zte l110 zte l5 zte lever case zte lever specs zte lever phone zte l3 zte login zte mobile zte maven zte max zte max duo zte malaysia zte maven 2 specs zte n817 zte nubia zte nubia z11 mini zte nubia n1 zte nubia z9 zte nubia z9 mini zte n9132 zte nubia z11 max zte nubia z11 price zte obsidian zte overture 2 zte olympia zte official website zte obsidian case zte obama phone zte obsidian hard reset zte open zte open c zte overture zte prestige zte phone cases zte projector zte pro zte pocket wifi zte paragon zte pro max zte phone charger zte pakistan zte quartz zte q3 zte quest zte quest n817 zte q301c zte q lux zte quartz specs zte q705u zte quartz review zte quest root zte router zte root zte reviews zte root without computer zte rapido lte zte router login zte reset zte router default password zte router ip zte recovery mode zte sonata 3 zte spro 2 zte smartphone zte spro plus zte speed zte sonata 3 case zte spro 2 smart projector zte sonata zte spro zte support zte tablet zte telecom india pvt ltd zte tracfone zte tempo zte t815 zte t81 zte t230 zte t84 zte trio zte t126 zte usa zte usa k88 computer zte uk zte unlock code zte update zte usb drivers zte unlock code calculator zte unico lte zte unlock zte unlocked phones zte v7 lite zte v7 zte v6 zte v815w zte v6 plus zte v7 max zte v5 zte vr zte v9820 zte v768 zte warp elite zte warp 7 zte wiki. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. ZTE Hawkeye (Eye Gesture) Official Specs!. ZTE Axon 7: Top Budget Smartphone?. Magic Way To Control Your Smart Phone Using Your Eye | ZTE Hawkeye | Project CSX Winner CES 2017. Top 5 Best smartphones with unique features. 5 Best Smartphone With Unique Features. ZTE Axon M dual-screen phone first look. ZTE Blade A2 Plus Review | Camera, Specs, India Price, and More. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Review [SPOILER BUY IT]. ZTE Blade V8 Price, Release Date, Specifications, Features, Review with Dual Cameras!!. ZTE Hawkeye | Full Specification Features and Price. Axon Elite Hands-On: the Phone that Scans your Eyeballs. ZTE Axon 7 - Unboxing & First Look! (4K). ZTE Blade V8 Pro First Look at CES 2017. Poetic Affinity ZTE ZMAX PRO Case Review. ZTE Blade A2 Plus Specs,features & price,more details,relase date. ZTE Axon 7 Review: The phone which broke our music test.... Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. ZTE Hawkeye is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Robust configuration Awesome cameras Fingerprint sensor Quick charging support. The ZTE Hawkeye is a very good performer, be it games, multitasking, running editing apps etc. The cameras are also nice and result quality images. The user need not to worry about battery drainage since quick charging is enabled in this handset. Overall, the ZTE Hawkeye is a very good choice, you can go for it.. The ZTE Hawkeye flaunts a 5.5-inch IPS LCD full HD (1,080 x 1,920 pixels) display and features a fingerprint sensor at the back. Under the hood, there is a 2GHz octa core processor assisted by 3GB of RAM seated upon Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 MSM8953 chipset. The handset boots on Android v7.0 (Nougat) operating system.. Acting as a stamina provider, is a 3,000mAh li-ion battery with quick charging enabled. In terms of connectivity, the phone supports dual SIM, 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G, Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n/n 5GHz, Mobile Hotspot, Bluetooth v4.2, GPS with A-GPS, NFC and USB Type-C (doesn't support micro-USB). For photography and videography, the handset is stacked by dual (13MP + 12MP) primary cameras and an 8MP selfie shooter. In order to store data, the handset offers an internal memory of 32GB. For further expansion, the external memory can read any microSD card upto 256GB.. This product is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 13 MP + 12 MP Dual Primary Cameras. Performance ▾. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Supports Indian bands 32 GB + 256 GB Expandable Dual SIM: Nano + Nano (Hybr... ZTE Hawkeye is currently out of stock. Here are similar products that are available in store. Mobile Phones in range of 10000 to 15000. 11 - 17 K Phones all phones. SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. 5.5 inches (13.97 cm) Screen Resolution. Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Octa core, 2 GHz, Cortex A53. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Octa core, 2 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Qualcomm MSM8953 Snapdragon 625. Quad core, 1.5 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: MediaTek MT6737T. Quad core, 2.3 GHz, Cortex A72 + Quad core, 1.8 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: HiSilicon KIRIN950. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. 13 MP + 12 MP Dual Primary Cameras. Exposure compensation, ISO control Shooting Modes. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. Group: 11 - 17 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 11 - 17 K. 11 - 17 K Phones All Phones. SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network Support. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. Wi-Fi 802.11, a/ac/b/g/n/n 5GHz Wi-Fi Features. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3). UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Gyroscope. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Show only Android ZTE Phablet Dual SIM Camera 2 MP & above Camera 5 MP & above Camera 8 MP & above Camera 12 MP & above. I don't want to see this. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. Higher primary camera resolution: 23 MP vs 13 MP. Higher pixel density: 424 ppi vs 401 ppi. Octa core 2.0 GHz Battery capacity: 3000 mAH SIM card slots: 2 NFC: Yes 51 people viewed together 156 people compared together. More internal memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. Higher secondary camera resolution: 13 MP vs 8 MP. Lesser thickness: 7.6 mm vs 9.1 mm. Lesser weight: 158 grams vs 185 grams. Smaller screen : 5.2 inches vs 5.5 inches. Lesser expandable memory: 200 GB vs 256 GB. I don't want to see this. Larger screen: 5.7 inches vs 5.5 inches. More RAM: 8 GB vs 3 GB. Higher primary camera resolution: 23 MP vs 13 MP. OS: Android SIM card slots: 2 NFC: Yes 69 people compared together. Higher battery capacity: 3300 mAH vs 3000 mAH. Higher pixel density: 515 ppi vs 401 ppi. More internal memory: 128 GB vs 32 GB. Lesser thickness: 8.9 mm vs 9.1 mm. Lesser weight: 170 grams vs 185 grams. Dual core 2.35 GHz vs Octa core 2.0 GHz. I don't want to see this. Higher battery capacity: 5000 mAH vs 3000 mAH. Lesser thickness: 8.8 mm vs 9.1 mm. Lesser weight: 175 grams vs 185 grams. OS: Android RAM: 3 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Internal Memory: 32 GB 96 people compared together. Smaller screen : 5.2 inches vs 5.5 inches. Quad core 1.5 GHz vs Octa core 2.0 GHz. Lower pixel density: 282 ppi vs 401 ppi. I don't want to see this. THIS COMPETITOR HAS OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches. Higher battery capacity: 3140 mAH vs 3000 mAH. Lesser expandable memory: 128 GB vs 256 GB. Octa core 2.0 GHz RAM: 3 GB Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi Internal Memory: 32 GB NFC: Yes Thickness: 9.1 mm Weight: 185 grams 86 people compared together. I don't want to see this. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. Higher battery capacity: 4000 mAH vs 3000 mAH. Lesser thickness: 8.2 mm vs 9.1 mm. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi Internal Memory: 32 GB 68 people compared together. Lesser weight: 167 grams vs 185 grams. Quad core 1.8 GHz vs Octa core 2.0 GHz. I don't want to see this. More RAM: 4 GB vs 3 GB. Higher battery capacity: 4100 mAH vs 3000 mAH. More internal memory: 64 GB vs 32 GB. OS: Android Screen size: 5.5 inches Processor:. Octa core 2.0 GHz Primary camera: 13 MP SIM card slots: 2 Pixel density: 401 ppi 53 people compared together. Lesser thickness: 8.4 mm vs 9.1 mm. Lesser weight: 165 grams vs 185 grams. Lesser expandable memory: 128 GB vs 256 GB. Lower secondary camera resolution: 5 MP vs 8 MP. View all FAQs about ZTE Hawkeye. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Which is best phone ZTE Hawkeye,coolpad cool 1 or Nokia 6. Answered by Raja Shantanu | 8 months ago. Coolpad cool 1 dual is better mobile at this price .. 1 more answer(s) | Spam?. When is ZTE Hawkeye expected to launch?. Answered by 3husnarakabeer | 4 months ago. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. Blue , Gray , Green Price : US$ 255, Rs 13520 7.1 out of 10. : ( 77 Ratings). ZTE Hawkeye Announced January 2017, weight 160g, 5.5” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.2,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. GSM 900 , GSM 1800 GSM 3G Bands :. HSDPA 900 , HSDPA 2100 GSM 4G Bands :. LTE 2600 , LTE 850 , LTE 1700 , LTE 1900 Operating System :. Android 7.0 (Nougat) , (MiFavor UI) Chipset :. Octa Core Processor Processor Speed :. 3 GB Memory Card Slot :. Accelerometer , Ambient Light , Proximity Sensor , Fingerprint , Gyro , G-Sensor Torch Light :. Volume , Power , Fingerprint Key Device Security :. Device Password Lock , Device Pattern Lock , Slide Lock , PIN code Lock , Fingerprint Unlock. IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen Screen Protection :. Corning Gorilla Glass Display Colors :. 16M Colors Pixel density range :. 400 to 500 ppi , (~401 ppi Pixel Density) Screen Resolution :. 1080 x 1920 pixels (Full HD) Display Size :. 5.5 Inch Multi Touch Support :. Unlimited Ringtone or Alert Type :. Vibration , MP3 ringtones , WAV. 13 MP , + 12 MP (Dual Camera) Camera Flash LED :. 8.0 MP Front Camera Flash :. With 1080p 3G or Video Call :. Digital Zoom , Optical Zoom TV Output :. With Wireless Connection Video Quality :. 1080p 30 FPS , (Slow Motion Video) Panorama :. Autofocus , PDAF Sensor , Gesture Shot , Voice Capture , Face Beauty , HDR , Smile detection , Face Detection , Self timer , Touch focus , Low Light Mode , Manual Mode,Dual Camera Mode. WAV , AAC+ , OGG , FLAC , MIDI , WMA , MP3 , AMR , AAC , eAAC+ Video Format :. 3GP , MP4 , FLV , WMV , xVID , AVI , MKV , H.264 , H.265 3.5mm Headphone Jack :. LTE 50 Mbps , HSPA plus , LTE CAT6 300 Mbps DL Browser Name :. Google Chrome Browser Browsing Support :. HTML , HTML5 WiFi Support :. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac , Dual Band (2.4 GHz + 5 GHz) Hot Spot :. Type-C USB , With OTG NFC (Near Field Communication) :. PDF Viewer , Document Editor inbuilt applications :. Calculator , Notes , To-do list , Google Apps, ZTE Apps, VAS Apps. SMS , MMS , Email , Push Mail , IM , Hangouts GPS Tracking :. Li-Ion 3000 mAh , (Non-Removable) Quick Charge :. With Quick Charge 2.0 Wireless Charge :. 280 Hrs , (Unofficial) Talk Time :. 10 Hrs , (Unofficial) Music Playback :. Up to 40 Hrs Video Playback :. Dual Sim(Dual Standby) Plastic Body Design Pattern Finish Back Cover Hi-Fi Audio Scroll With Eye Tracking (Senseye) Noise Cancellation Rounded Edges. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » HTC » Alcatel » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. ZTE Hawkeye Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. ZTE Hawkeye Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. ZTE Hawkeye Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. ZTE Hawkeye Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Home | Privacy Policy. 
Shop by Compare Blog Deals Coupons. Mobile & Tablets Mobile Accessories Laptops & Peripherals TV & Entertainment Home And Kitchen Appliances Camera, DSLR & Accessories Automotive Books. Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Apple iPhones OnePlus Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles. Phone Finder Upcoming Mobiles Top 10 Mobile Phones Selfie Mobiles. 6GB RAM Mobiles Dual Camera Mobiles 4G Mobiles Octa core Mobiles. Tablets Samsung Tabs Apple iPads Lenovo Tabs Micromax Tabs. Upcoming Tablets Android Tablets Latest Tablets Budget Tablets. Calling Facility Tablets Wifi Tablets 4G Tablets 7 Inch Tablets. Mobile Accessories Smartwatches Fitness Bands MicroSD Cards Power Banks VR Headsets Headphones And Headsets Headphones Bluetooth Headsets Wired Headsets. Car Mobile And Accessories Car Chargers Car Speakers GPS Navigation Devices Feature Samsung Memory Cards HP Memory Cards Syska Power Banks PNY Power Banks. Trending Sandisk Memory Cards Transcend Memory Cards Kingston Memory Cards Xiaomi Power Banks Ambrane Power Banks Intex Power Banks Behind the neck Headphones Wireless Headphones Clip on Headphones. Laptops Dell Laptops HP Laptops Lenovo Laptops Apple Laptops Asus Laptops All Laptops Desktop & Components CPU Desktops. Storage & Memory Pen Drives MicroSD Cards External Hard Disks Internal Hard Drives Printers & Inks Single Function Printers Multi-Function Printers Scanners Toners. Accessories Monitors Mouses Keyboards Headphones Computer Headsets Speakers Webcams Projectors Routers. By Brands Samsung Televisions LG Televisions Sony Televisions Videocon Televisions Vu Televisions Micromax Televisions Onida Televisions Panasonic Televisions All LED And LCD TVs. By Features 3D TVs Curved TVs Smart TVs 32 inch TVs 40 inch TVs 50 inch TVs 55 inch TVs LED TVs Full HD TVs. Music & Home Theaters DVD/Blueray Players MP3 Players Home Theaters Bluetooth Speakers Sony Home Theaters LG Home Theaters. Home Appliances Television Washing Machines Air Conditioners Geysers Vacuum Cleaners Air Coolers Fans Inverters/stabilizers. Kitchen Appliances Refrigerators Microwave Ovens Mixer/Grinder/Juicers Food Processors Electric Kettles Induction Cook Tops Sandwich Makers Popup Toasters Hand Blenders Electric Cookers. Small Home Appliances Irons Air Purifiers Emergency Lights Landline Phones UPS Sensor Security Sewing Machines. Cameras & DSLRs DSLR Cameras Point & Shoot Cameras Sports & Action Cameras Instant Camera Camcorders Canon DSLR Cameras Nikon DSLR Cameras Sony DSLR Cameras. Cameras By Brands Nikon Point & Shoot Cameras Canon Point & Shoot Cameras Sony Point & Shoot Cameras GoPro Sports & Action Cameras Fujifilm Instant Cameras Panasonic Camcorder. Camera Accessories Camera Lenses Camera Filters Camera Flashes Camera Lens Hoods Tripods Reflectors Camera Lens Caps Camera Flash Brackets Flash Shoe Adapters. Car Accessories Car SubWoofers Car FM Modulators Car Amplifiers Car Air Purifiers Car Body Covers Dent Removers Car Polishes Car Seat Covers Vehicle Antennas. Car Spare Parts Car Batteries Door Handles Gear Knobs Cabin Filters Fuel Filters Wheel Bearings Underseat Storages Engine Mounts Car Silencers. Bike Accessories Helmets Helmet Locks Two Wheeler Batteries Bike Foot Rests Handle Bars Bike Exhausts Bike Mirrors Clutch Levers Vehicle Horns. Books by Categories Academic Action & Adventure Biographies & True Accounts Business, Investing & Management Children's Books Comics & Manga Computing & Internet Crime, Thriller & Mystery Health & Personal Development Fantasy & Science Fiction. Books by Authors Books by Chetan Bhagat Books by Rashmi Bansal Books by J K Rowling Books by Dan Brown Books by Ruskin Bond Books by R S Aggarwal Books by Amish Tripathi Books by Shobaa De Books by Khushwant Singh Books by Paulo Coelho. Mobiles Tablets Laptops Smartwatches Fitness Bands DSLR Cameras Televisions Refrigerators Washing Mcns Air Conditioners Microwave Ovens. Specs Key Features Reviews Q & A's Local Dealers Compare. By ZTE Mobiles | Market Status: Upcoming. Not available, Search on Flipkart.com. Not available, Search on Flipkart.com. ZTE Hawkeye runs on Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat). It has a 5.5 Inch Full HD display. The Phone is powered by a Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53 with 3 GB RAM. The device comes with a Front 8 MP camera and Dual Rear 13 + 12 MP camera with an LED flash. It comes with 32GB of built-in storage which can further be expanded using a microSD, Up to 256GB. Connectivity includes Dual SIM , 4G LTE. The Device has a non-removable Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery .. 5% Instant Discount On Using Credit/Debit Card Apply for credit card now ». ZTE Hawkeye is yet to be launched. Here are similar products that are available in store.. Find dealers & shops for ZTE Hawkeye mobile phone in your City:. -- Select City -- Agra Ahmedabad Ajmer Alappuzha Alwar Amritsar Aurangabad Bangalore Bharatpur Bhavnagar Bhikaner Bhopal Bhubaneshwar Calangute Chandigarh Chennai Chittaurgarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dalhousie Dehradun Delhi Diu-island Ernakulam Faridabad Gangtok Gaya Ghaziabad Gurgaon Guwahati Gwalior Haridwar Hyderabad Imphal Indore Jabalpur Jaipur Jaisalmer Jalandhar Jamshedpur Jodhpur Junagadh Kanpur Kanyakumari Khajuraho Kochi Kodaikanal Kolkata Kota Kottayam Kovalam Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Manali Mangalore Margao Mathura Mumbai Mussoorie Mysore Nagpur Nainital Nashik Ooty Orchha Panaji Patna Pondicherry Porbandar Portblair Pune Puri Rajkot Rameswaram Ranchi Sanchi Secunderabad Shimla Surat Thanjavur Thiruchchirapalli Thrissur Tirumala Udaipur Vadodara Varanasi Vasco da gama Vijayawada. Group: 13,000 to 18,000. Screen Size 5.5 inches Screen Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Pixel Density 401 PPI Display Type IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. Rear Camera Resolution 13 + 12 MP Front Camera Resolution 8 MP Dual Camera Yes Video Recording Yes, 1080p@30fps Camera Features Autofocus, Flash, Geo-Tagging, Touch Focus, Panorama, Digital Zoom, Face Detection. SIM Card Slots Dual SIM SIM Card Type SIM 1: Nano-SIM SIM2: Nano-SIM Bluetooth Yes, v4.2, A2DP, LE 3.5 mm Jack Yes. Internal Storage 32 GB Card Slot/Expandable microSD, Up to 256GB Other 32GB, Expandable upto 256GB. Battery Capacity 3000 mAh Battery Type Li-Ion Quick Charging Yes, Quick Charge 2.0. Brand ZTE Chipset Qualcomm MSM8953 Snapdragon 625 Processor Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53 RAM 3GB RAM GPU Adreno 506. Operating System Android OS Version Android OS, v7.0 (Nougat) Dimensions 154 x 76 x 7.9 mm (6.06 x 2.99 x 0.31 in). 4G Yes, LTE 2100, LTE 800, LTE 1800, LTE 2600 3G Yes, UMTS 1900 / 2100 / 850 / 900 MHz 2G Yes, GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz Wi-Fi Yes, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot GPS Yes, A-GPS GPRS Yes EDGE Yes. Fingerprint Scanner Yes Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM Browser HTML5 Sensors Accelerometer, Proximity, Gyro, Compass USB connectivity Type-C 1.0 reversible connector. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee the information is 100% accurate. Report a problem on this page. Key Specifications Review of ZTE Hawkeye Quite Big Screen - 5.5 inches Reading, browsing internet and watching videos is more pleasing experience on a bigger screen. Sharp Screen - 401 PPI Higher Resolution indicates sharp display images, videos and text look more vivid and clear. IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors In-Plane Switching Liquid Crystal Display (IPS LCD) Offers more sharpness, shows more realistic looking Images, Displays More Natural Colours and performs better in Bright sunlight as compared to LCD Displays. Qualcomm MSM8953 Snapdragon 625 Snapdragon processor offers seamless streaming of video and audio, crystal-clear voice calls, robust processing strength & groundbreaking battery efficiency. Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53 Processor acts as the brain of device and aids in managing tasks more efficiently. It allows smooth execution of tasks, applications, emailing, video playing, etc. Lots Of RAM - 3 GB More RAM means faster loading of apps and smoother execution of multiple tasks simultaneously. Adreno 506 Graphics Processing Unit enables smooth processing of 3D Games and HD Videos. It also shares the load of processors and saves battery. Has Dual SIM Multiple SIM Phones allow you to use multiple sims at the same time without the need to carry multiple mobile phones. 13 MP Rear Camera Average Resolution camera that capture less vibrant images without focusing much on details. 8 MP Front Camera A Camera with higher resolution snaps sharp & detailed photos, and offers good video calling quality. Has Flash For Camera With Flash Bright Selfies / Pics can be captured even in low light. Has Autofocus For Camera With Autofocus, the camera of the mobile is able to focus on the subject automatically. Limited Storage Capacity - 32 GB Less internal storage may limit installation of more apps, storing songs, images, videos, etc. Supports Memory Card - microSD, Up to 256GB Having no Memory cards restricts extra storage capacity. You cannot store more songs, photos and videos. High Battery Life - 3000 mAh Higher Battery capacities generally mean longer battery life that runs atleast for a day or two. The Battery life also depends on screen size, processor, OS, personal useage and other factors. Quick Charge Quick Charging allows you to charge your phone faster(upto 50% in half an hour). Supports 4G 4G connection provides internet access upto 100 Mbps. Get more download speed and a faster browsing experience. You can send voice calls and messages. It supports all features of 3G, 2G conncetivity. Supports 3G 3G Enabled Handsets give you more download speed and a faster internet experience. 3G enables fast internet access, high speed downloads and access to lot other internet features. Supports 2G With 2G connectivity option you can get all cellular features but stay limited to basic internet facilities. Supports WiFi Connect to wifi hotspots in your area or other devices to your mobile. Supports GPS GPS help you to track your current location. get directions to a place or any destination using apps like Google Maps. Supports Bluetooth You can wirelessly listen to music and calls using bluetooth headsets or even share data. Has Fingerprint Sensor It allows you to secure your phone. Using your finger you can quickly unlock your phone. Has 3.5mm Headphone Jack 3.5mm Jack enables you to connect to large number of other devices such as speakers, headphones etc.... Expected Price of ZTE Hawkeye in India is Rs. 15,999.00, updated on 26th February 2018. Write a Review on ZTE Hawkeye. Heading* Summary* Rating*. (Your rating: 0 / 5). Sony Xperia M5 Dual Vivo V5 Plus 360 N5 LeEco Le 2 64GB Sony Xperia XA Dual HTC Desire 10 Pro OnePlus 3T Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 32GB Elephone P20 Nokia 6 3GB RAM HTC 10 evo Sony Xperia XA Ultra Dual. ZTE Gigabit Phone with Ultra-Fast Connectivity Coming Soon ZTE Blade A2 Plus to Launch in India Tomorrow ZTE Blade V8 Leaked Ahead of CES 2017 ZTE Nubia Z11, Nubia N1 Smartphones Launched in India ZTE Nubia Z11 Mini set to launch in India, to be priced below Rs 15,000 ZTE Nubia Z11 to be Launched in India this Month. 6.4 inches 16 MP Camera 3 RAM 4850 mAh. 5 inches 13 MP Camera 3 RAM 2500 mAh. 5.5 inches 12 MP Camera 3 RAM 3340 mAh. 5.5 inches 13 MP Camera 3 RAM 3100 mAh. 5.5 inches 13 MP Camera 4 RAM 3000 mAh. 6.4 inches 16 MP Camera 2 RAM 4850 mAh. Comments on ZTE Hawkeye mobile phone. × Get instant notification when available ZTE Hawkeye. Get Real-Time Price, latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. -- Problem/Feedback -- Customer feedback Price is different than price on external website Incorrect product specifications Item does not match external website There are insufficient details to make a buying decision Other. Get access to your Wishlist and more.. Keep items you love on a watchlist.. Write Your Reviews & Win Daily Prizes!. Be first to know about great offers and save.. *Pricekart.com will not share any personal information with any third party at any time. LOGIN or SIGN UP. Mobile | Tablet | Home & Kitchen Appliances | TV & Entertainment | Camera, DSLR & Accessories | Automotive | Books. Samsung Mobiles Price | Vivo Mobiles Price | OPPO Mobiles Price | Xiaomi Mobiles Price | Karbonn Mobiles Price | Itel Mobiles Price | Intex Mobiles Price. Upcoming Mobiles | Waterproof Mobiles Price | Top 10 Mobiles Price | 4g Mobiles Price | Big Battery Mobiles | Mobiles Below 10000. About Us | Extension | Privacy | Terms & Conditions | Blog | Contact Us | Merchants. Made in India by. 
Submit a Tip / Contact Us. ZTE Hawkeye Stories February 17, 2017. ZTE has halted the Hawkeye Kickstarter, higher spec’d model coming. Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Reddit. It has been a rocky start for ZTE’s crowdsourced phone, the Hawkeye. After selecting a winning team from last year’s competition where the company asked the community to submit design and feature ideas for Project CSX , ZTE u nveiled the Hawkeye at CES. Unfortunately, no one was really impressed with the handset and now ZTE has completely canceled its Kickstarter campaign…. ZTE Hawkeye Stories January 23, 2017. ZTE admits its mistake with the crowdsourced ‘Hawkeye,’ asks community to help improve. Last year ZTE opened up an ambitious project, Project CSX. The goal? To create the first smartphone that was designed by the community. ZTE pitched the idea of producing a phone that was built on the ideas of its community, and now that phone, the ‘Hawkeye’ is finally on its way. The company revealed the eye-tracking, self-adhesive device at CES 2017 and it was, well, it was pretty underwhelming , and the Kickstarter totals so far reflect that. Now, ZTE is acknowledging that it made a mistake .. ZTE Hawkeye Stories January 17, 2017. Here are the official specs for ZTE’s $199 crowdsourced ‘Hawkeye’ smartphone. Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Reddit. Over the course of 2016, ZTE opened up Project CSX, an opportunity for the company to flip the way smartphones are made, giving the consumer control over the device’s unique features. After a few months of submissions, the community decided that a smartphone with eye-tracking capabilities and a self-adhesive back would be one of ZTE’s next phones , and at CES 2017, the company made that a reality in the form of the “Hawkeye.”. Everyone can use an Echo Dot: Just $50!. Samsung mocks the iPhone X notch & Face ID during Galaxy S9 unveil. Apple sponsoring ‘Machine Vision Conference’ in Israel, will lead discussion on the…. Apple continues ‘Shot on iPhone X’ campaign with new ‘First Dance’ ad series…. KGI: Apple to release all new high-end over-ear headphones later this year. Leaked images claim to offer first look at ‘iPhone X Plus’ displays. ZTE Hawkeye Stories January 6, 2017. Hands on with the ZTE ‘Hawkeye’ and Blade V8 Pro. Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Reddit. ZTE took to the stage at CES 2017 to announce two new devices coming to the US market. The first is a phone we’ve seen previously released in Asia, Europe, and Mexico and that is the Blade V8 Pro. The second is a device that ZTE crowdsourced called. Both devices are fairly inexpensive and come unlocked — but are either of them worth your time?. ZTE Hawkeye Stories January 4, 2017. ZTE details Nougat w/ Daydream for Axon 7, opens pre-orders for crowdsourced ‘Hawkeye’. Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Reddit. At CES 2017, ZTE provided updates on when Android 7.0 Nougat would arrive for the well regarded Axon 7 and more details about their bid to crowdsource. the affordable dual-camera Blade V8 Pro in. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... ZTE Hawkeye, the crowdsourced phone, will feature optical zoom and Android Nougat. ZTE Hawkeye, the crowdsourced phone, will feature optical zoom and Android Nougat. by Florin Troaca. Tags :. Android - Android + ZTE - ZTE +. Not long after showcasing its crowdsourced Hawkeye smartphone at CES 2017, ZTE today revealed an almost complete list of specs for the handset (which is shaping up to be an attractive mid-ranger for its price category). The Hawkeye will run Android 7 Nougat, sporting a 5.5-inch 1080p display and being powered by an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor. Furthermore, it will come with 3 GB of RAM, 32 GB of expandable storage space, fingerprint scanner, a USB Type-C port, and a 3000 mAh battery. Interestingly, the ZTE Hawkeye will have a dual (13MP + 12MP) rear camera with "optical zoom" - this makes us think about the dual rear camera of the iPhone 7 Plus. Unfortunately, ZTE hasn't provided more details about this camera, which was not included on previous Hawkeye prototypes (pictured below). The Hawkeye is a GSM/HSPA phone with support for the following LTE bands: B2, B4, B5, B7, B12, B13, and B66 (other bands might be added before launch). Thus, the handset will be compatible with AT&T and T-Mobile in the US. In addition to what's listed above, the ZTE Hawkeye has two other important features: eye tracking (for hands-free navigation - just move your eyes to scroll up or down), and an optional adhesive rear shell (this should let you stick the phone to most flat surfaces). As previously reported, the ZTE Hawkeye can already be funded via Kickstarter - if you pledge $199, you should receive the phone in the third quarter of the year, assuming that the project is fully funded (see the source link below). Previous ZTE Hawkeye prototypes (without dual rear camera). Previous ZTE Hawkeye prototypes (without dual rear camera). Previous ZTE Hawkeye prototypes (without dual rear camera). Sony Xperia XZ2 impressions: Gone with the old, in with the new. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: Worthy of celebrity hands. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9+ vs Pixel 2 XL. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. The Galaxy S9 and S9+ are official!. (Posts: 468; Member since: 28 Feb 2014). posted on 17 Jan 2017, 08:54. Well if you are asking users for Money, the least you can do is give a detailed description of the product. ZTE clearly failed to provide detailed info about the camera which in my view is the selling point.. (Posts: 176; Member since: 25 Mar 2016). posted on 17 Jan 2017, 22:58. I’m still surprised this self-adhesive design won the vote. To answer the question at the end of the article, no I’m not interested.. Want to comment? Please login or register .. ZTE Hawkeye, the crowdsourced phone, will feature optical zoom and Android Nougat. ZTE Hawkeye, the crowdsourced phone, will feature optical zoom and Android Nougat. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
ZTE Hawkeye Price in the Philippines and Specification. 5.5 inch FHD smartphone that features 3GB RAM, 32GB ROM, rear-mounted fingerprint sensor, fast charging and eye tracking feature. 5.5 inches, FHD (1080 x 1... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 3GB ... Please wait for price information to be registered.. ZTE Axon 7 DayDream VR, Hawkeye & more at CES 2017. Nano SIM, Dual SIM, Dual Standby. Qualcomm MSM8953 Snapdragon 625 Octa Core Processor Cortex-A53. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 12(700), 13(700). , LTE-A (2CA) Cat6 300 / 50 Mbps. 13 MP + 12 MP Autofocus. 154 x 76 x 7.9 mm (6.06 x 2.99 x 0.31 in). ZTE Hawkeye may be "pulled down" by ZTE after lukewarm response of the majority. It can be remembered that ZTE started the Kickstarter and came up with their first-ever crowd-sourced phone- the Hawkeye. Now, the hype seemed to die down after customers showed their dissatisfaction with the mid-range specs of the Hawkeye.. ZTE Hawkeye, a crowd-sourced phone, garnered a lot of praise due to its transparency which enables the public to leave their comments and suggestions regarding the phone. The Kickstarter phone boasts an eye-sensing feature and an affordable price. It is decided to be released at a mid-range price in order to make it affordable for all markets that voted for it. In line with its price, the Hawkeye comes with mid-range specs, as expected. However, it seems that it did not satisfy the people in general, who were expecting to see high-end specs.. Jeff Yee, ZTE's VP of Technology Planning and Partnerships, had an interview regarding the Kickstarter phone with Mobile Syrup. He was asked several questions that revolved around the mid-range phone and their next move. He stated the company's goal to produce an affordable and wireless device that would really excite the masses. That defined their decision to come up with a phone in the mid-range category and have enough transparency in order for them to ask for customer feedback before finalizing their plans. He said that as what they can see now with the people's lukewarm reaction to the Hawkeye, they would likely "pull down" the device and post a new Kickstarter with a higher price range or change the specs of the existing one.. As of now, the changes that ZTE will be making are still uncertain. Yee also said that "so many people are giving free-form comments that it's a little bit difficult to digest what exactly people want." That being said, we can really imagine the company having a hard time choosing the best and the most appealing one for the majority. On the other side, transparency has also a positive effect. He further states that they are doing everything with transparency and so early in the process, they can still change and shift. As their eager audience, we must then wait for the next move of ZTE.. Read more news on this product. User Review : 1 Reviews. ZTE Hawkeye newest smartphone i know the name is not familiar i would like to try this phone because all my ... Write a review on this product. Read more reviews on this product. Let's post your questions on this product. You might receive fruitful information from others.. Dual 5.2 inches + 5.2 inc... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 64GB, 4GB. 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 128GB, .... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 16GB, 2GB. 5.2 inches, FHD (1080 x 1... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 3GB. 6 inches, Full HD (1080 x... 2G, 3G, 4G (LTE), 32GB, 2GB. Most viewed ranking for ZTE Mobile Phones. View Mode: PC | Mobile. Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that all the information shown, such as prices, specs, images, etc. Prices and stock availability for each shop are always changing. If you are considering making a purchase, please refer to the merchant's page to ensure that you have the most up-to-date information. In order to use this website and its services, users must consent to and abide by the Terms of Use. By accessing or using any area of this website, you hereby agree to be legally bound and abide by the Terms.. Copyright © Priceprice.com All rights reserved. (Produced by kakaku.com that is Japan's No.1 Comparison Website). 
ZTE's CSX "Hawkeye" Concept Phone Detailed, Kickstarter Launched. by Brandon Chester on January 17, 2017 9:00 AM EST. USB Type-C connector, 3.5mm audio, dual SIM, NFC. For some time now ZTE has been running a program to crowdsource the ideas for smartphones. The basis for this is to collect the ideas of consumers in order to best build the kind of device that consumers want. Some may actually disagree with this philosophy, but it's one that ZTE has taken to its extreme with their crowd sourced X (CSX) program, where X stands for any physically possible. mobile device that consumers can dream up.. ZTE's CSX program is now beginning to show results with the announcement of ZTE's first crowdsourced smartphone, the Hawkeye. Given that this is a very experimental way of developing a smartphone, ZTE is departing from their standard methods for development and distribution. They've set up a Kickstarter campaign , which for the time being will also serve as the storefront for buyers to purchase the phone. Right now the goal is set at $500,000 USD, and with each phone priced at $200 it appears that ZTE hopes to sell at least 2500. units, which seems feasible even for a very niche device.. The two primary features of the Hawkeye phone that came from consumer input are the ability to navigate the interface using eye movement, and the inclusion of an adhesive case that allows the phone to be attached to surfaces. It's worth noting that Samsung has implemented eye-tracking to control the UI in the past, and it hasn't worked out well due to problems with tracking, eye strain, and the general lack of sense in moving a smartphone UI around with ones eyes. The adhesive case is being billed as a convenient feature, and while I don't really see the use of it, it's obviously something that was proposed to ZTE and supported by enough users that it was chosen to be put into production.. Until now there hasn't been much detail about the Hawkeye stacks up internally, but we now have an idea of what the specs look like, and I've included those below.. As you can see, there are still some details missing, but the available specs give a good idea as to where the ZTE Hawkeye sits in the market.. As of right now there are no true photos of the Hawkeye, partially due to the fact that ZTE is still crowdsourcing ideas regarding the design, including the color choices and the materials to be used, although that latter part will obviously be limited to a degree by the cost of the phone. The cover image for this article is a concept render, and you may have already noted oddities like the fact that it only has a single rear camera when the Hawkeye is supposed to have two.. Anyone interested in buying the ZTE Hawkeye can check out ZTE's Kickstarter campaign. It's priced at $199 USD, and ZTE states that they plan to have it available in September of this year, but that date is subject to change. They also caution that they may not be able to deliver the eye-tracking and adhesion features in a satisfactory manner, which could lead to the device being cancelled. In the event of the phone's cancellation, buyers will be entitled to a ZTE phone of equivalent price, with there seemingly being. no option to have the contribution refunded instead.. Please log in or sign up to comment.. Flunk - Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - link. Wow, I read "the ability to navigate the interface using eye movement, and the inclusion of an adhesive case that allows the phone to be attached to surfaces" and thought: gimmicky eye navigation feature that doesn't work and massive lint problem. Am I so cynical that I can't understand how great this phone is? Or are the people they're asking for ideas idiots?. Valantar - Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - link. That was exactly what I thought when I first read of this. Eye navigation is an utterly brain dead idea - simply because it _forces_ you to actually look away from what you're doing in order to navigate. It's so stupid I can't even think of a fitting simile of something equally stupid. tying your legs together to walk more efficiently? Of course, as an accessibility feature, this has its uses - and as such, should be available on _all_ phones. Making smart devices more accessible to those with various handicaps is a worthy goal, after all. Also, self-adhesive backing? Why not just convince one of the bajillion makers of "gecko pads" and the like to start making phone cases? Then you could get whatever phone you like, and still have it covered in _all_ the dust. (Also, a case is actually removable and washable, unlike most phones' backs.). SharpHawk - Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - link. > Of course, as an accessibility feature, this has its uses - and as such, should be available on _all_ phones. Making smart devices more accessible to those with various handicaps is a worthy goal, after all. Making "all" phones more expensive for everyone for the sake of making them more accessible to a vanishingly small percentage of the population is not a worthy goal, quite the opposite. Valantar - Wednesday, January 18, 2017 - link. Eye tracking, at least in decent lighting conditions, should be feasible through software with standard FFCs of reasonable quality. And if Google actually made the effort to integrate this into Android (as they've done with countless other "expensive" concepts) it would essentially be free. Also, arguing against accessibility features because of "cost" does place you in the running for "ableist a**hole of the year." Congratulations. You might consider checking your privilege ever so slightly, perhaps from time to time considering the perspectives of people different from yourself. Your apparent ideological stance that "tech is for the able bodied and/or the rich" has some inherent logical, philosophical and ethical flaws. Old_Fogie_Late_Bloomer - Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - link. The stickiness is not built into the phone, it's a removable case, as is stated quite plainly on the KS page. Hinton - Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - link. I wonder whether the feature is named after Stephen Hawkins, or that its just random that he'll find such a feature usefull. The adhesive will keep the phone stuck to his dashboard, when he's doing corners. K_Space - Friday, January 20, 2017 - link. >Am I so cynical that I can't understand how great this phone is? Or are the people they're asking for ideas idiots?< I think people were being funny/sarcastic or whatever word you want to use; do you remember the RRS David Attenborough naming fiasco? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RRS_Sir_David_Attenb... ZTE were the idiots for actually falling for this!. lefty2 - Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - link. adhesive case is a great idea. Just stick a bit of velcro on one side and you can hang it off your jumper. dstarr3 - Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - link. "The adhesive case is being billed as a convenient feature, and while I don't really see the use of it, it's obviously something that was proposed to ZTE and supported by enough users that it was chosen to be put into production" And as we know, customers always know exactly what they want. BedfordTim - Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - link. To be fair there are niches which clearly exist but aren't filled. As an example the only small high spec phone is the iPhone 6SE. There is nothing like it running Android despite the iOS version selling extremely well. IanCutress : This guy's big mug on a wall @benwood https://t.co/8KavLs4a9W. IanCutress : @antopettit I'd stab at sub 99EUR? I've pinged them, will let you know the response. IanCutress : @antopettit I've used Ninite on many occasions :). IanCutress : I wonder how quickly I can set up this bad boy before the first press event today. Chrome, Evernote, quick image ed… https://t.co/4CNOHyyXDG. RyanSmithAT : @RonAmadeo @Qualcomm To add to what's already been said, I was explicitly told at the time that it it was A7-based.… https://t.co/CaEsiIyqHj. IanCutress : Here's our LG V30s AI video. andreif7 : @AAPLTree @IanCutress @RyanSmithAT JavaScript is solely ST and a prime example. andreif7 : RT @anandtech: Samsung Announces The Galaxy S9 and S9+ https://t.co/4gXXLZQGMe. ganeshts : @GRbUF8qUqYB4iPy @witeken @thesajuukkhar @IanCutress I think the speculation is way off the mark. andreif7 : RT @IanCutress: The official meme of the Huawei March 27th event. andreif7 : @IanCutress Can confirm. RyanSmithAT : @chrisheinonen Worth it. ganeshts : @thesajuukkhar @david_schor @IanCutress I would really like to see some AMD 3000 customer for the low-power SKUs co… https://t.co/tYLJlGhG4v. ganeshts : @david_schor @IanCutress Agreed ref. AVX-512 in power-constrained use-cases where D-1500 is a fit. ganeshts : @david_schor @IanCutress Would the AMD 3000 series be a better alternative at the power-point compared to the D-150… https://t.co/h48dc2JTaf. RyanSmithAT : @NickersFpdx @NWSPortland WSR-88D (NEXRAD). They aren't made any mo… https://t.co/JoZv8ZcnLg. RyanSmithAT : RT @IanCutress: Intel's 'discrete GPU prototype' isn't a GPU prototype. It's a test platform for new power management. andreif7 : @DoctarSwag @handleym99 @pcman2000 He's talking utter nonsense. The PMIC limits the current into the battery, if th… https://t.co/jxgOfmrJv1. RyanSmithAT : @NWSPortland Speaking of temperatures, what is going on in the mid-valley? Salem & co are still above freezing and… https://t.co/KeRKcCdj8Y. ganeshts : @GRbUF8qUqYB4iPy @FanlessTech @ZOTAC I am curious whether they did the teardown after the overheating failure, or,… https://t.co/Zq1Z1DvJk0. The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997. Don't have an account? Sign up now. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .. 
www.GSMUnlockUSA.com - #1 Direct Source Wholesale | Welcome, Guest! | Sign In | Instructions | Order Status | My Account | Shopping Cart ( 0 ). Search Bulk Unlock Code. Home | Apple iPhone | Blackberry 10 | Dell | Huawei | HTC | LG | Motorola | Nokia Lumia | Pantech | Samsung | SonyEricsson | ZTE. Guarantee The Lowest Price - Apple iPhone Factory Unlocked!. Great News!! Huawei Factory Code (Premium) is back with new price, very fast 0-3 working days.. ZTE Zinger [0-24 Hours] $14.95 $4.95 (-67%). ZTE ATT F160 [0-24 Hours] $14.95 $4.95 (-67%). ZTE Z992 Avail 2 [0-24 Hours] $14.95 $4.95 (-67%). ZTE Z431 [0-24 Hours] $14.95 $4.95 (-67%). ZTE ATT Z221 [0-24 Hours] $14.95 $4.95 (-67%). The #1 Site For Online Unlocking. We are the best in the online unlocking business. Work Directly with the Source - Great. for CellPhone Store, Service Center, Webmaster, eBay sellers !. This Web site is secured with a GoDaddy.com Web Server Certificate. on the site are protected with up to 256-bit Secure Sockets Layer encryption.. Your personal and financial in information is safe with us!. GoDaddy.com has verified that the certificate holder controls the domain www.masterunlockcode.com.. ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code Also Known As: ZTE Project CSX Unlock Code. Unlocking your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code has never been easier! That's right - you're FREE, your unlocked handset will accept any SIM card from ANY provider worldwide! You're just 30 seconds away from freedom.. We guarantee it. Our ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code unlocking process is safe and 100% money-back guaranteed. Your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code will not be damaged in any way through this process. So how do you unlock your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code ? It's as easy as texting a friend! We'll provide you step-by-step instructions on how to unlock your handset, as well as an unlock code straight from the manufacturer.. To GET STARTED : Select the original carrier of your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code from the list below to start unlocking your phone.. Also Known As: ZTE Project CSX Unlock Code. Warranty: All our Unlock CODES are 100% genuine and. guaranteed, if for any reason your unlock codes are Not Found in our database then. we will issue a full refund.. Select Original Network Provider (Phone is from) Regular Price Special Price Delivery Time. You should select the original. carrier of the phone(Phone is Currently Locked to). WorldWide - Factory Codes (100% working code). Unlocks All ZTE Models Worldwide, including all AT&T, T-Mobile, Vodafone etc.. $14.95 $4.95 Save 67% 0-24 Hours WorldWide - Factory Codes (Not Found Service). Unlocks All ZTE Models Worldwide, including all AT&T, T-Mobile, Vodafone etc.. $24.95 $9.95 Save 60% 1-5 Days U.S.A - MetroPCS Unlock via [Unlocking App]. No refund if your Phone is Not MetroPCS USA. No refund if your phone need unlock code (This service for APK MetroPCS Unlocking App). $44.95 $34.95 Save 22% 0-24 Hours U.S.A - T-Mobile Unlock via [Unlocking App]. Make sure your phone is CLEAN before place your order. $89.95 $79.95 Save 11% 1-4 Days. Regular Price: $14.95 $4.95 (Save 67%). Regular Price: $24.95 $9.95 (Save 60%). Regular Price: $44.95 $34.95 (Save 22%). Regular Price: $89.95 $79.95 (Save 11%). BEFORE ordering that your unlock app is connecting to server:. 3) Message will appear "Unlock Failed: This mobile device is not eligble for unlock.". If you do not see above message then do not order. No refund for not connecting to server. Do Not Submit any other model that does not require "Device Unlock App". No refund if your phone is Not T-Mobile USA. No refund if your phone need unlock code (This service for APK T-Mobile Unlocking App).. To find IMEI, dial *#06# on your phone. (To find IMEI, dial *#06# on your phone). The PRD (Product Code) can be located on the label under the phone battery. Your personal and financial in information is safe with us!. Note: Please verify that you receive a prompt for the network unlock code before submitting order. NO refunds will be given if unlock code is returned and no prompt if received.. Switch ON your ZTE Hawkeye with an Unauthorize SIM Card. ZTE Hawkeye will prompt for Unlock Code. Your ZTE Hawkeye is now unlocked. Does your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code work only with your current service provider or, when you insert a SIM card from another network, do you see any of the following messages?. - Enter SIM Unlock Code (Simlock). If so, your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code is LOCKED and we can help you remove this lock on your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code in a few simple steps, allowing you to use your phone on any GSM wireless network anywhere in the world. You will not have to mail in your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code. No technical knowledge required at all. Simply provide us your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code’s IMEI number and we do all the rest. - Simply provide us your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code’s IMEI (which can be found by typing *#06# into your phone), during check out. - After order placement, the Unlock CODES together with easy to follow instructions guides will be sent to your email address within the time frame given. - Follow the unlocking instructions provided by MasterUnlockCode.com and easily dial in the supplied Unlock CODE for your mobile and start using your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code with any SIM Card. Reasons to remote unlock your cell phone. - Save a fortune abroad, by using cheap local SIM Cards rather than expensive roaming tariffs. - As usually subsidize the cost of the phone, by unlocking it you are increasing the resale value of your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code by up to 300%. - Use your work and personal SIM Card in your unlocked ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code - no need to carry two phones again. - Get the best value tariffs by swapping SIM Cards to take advantage of the latest offers. - You never send your phone to anybody. You receive the instructions within hours; unlocking itself takes 1-3 minutes. - No opening your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code and risk of damage to your device. - Very easy, no technical experience necessary. - No complicated software or hardware just enters Unlock CODE, and your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code is PERMANENTLY unlocked. - Is safe and does not void cell phone's warranty. - Unlocking is a one-time event. It works for the life of your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code. All our Unlock CODES are 100% genuine and guaranteed, if for any reason your unlock codes are not found in our database then we will issue a full refund.. Why my ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code is locked?. When you purchase a cell phone it is often offered at a discounted price by the cellular network. In return for this generosity they "lock" your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code to their network, so that you can only use their network for making and receiving calls. This means that you cannot use the SIM card of another network, and if you try to do so the phone will display "Phone Restricted", “Contact Service Provider”, “Enter Unlock Code” or a similar message. Unlocking the phone removes this lock, allowing you to use your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code on any GSM wireless network anywhere in the world. Why should I unlock my ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code?. - Save a fortune abroad, by using cheap local SIM cards rather than expensive roaming tariffs. - As usually subsidize the cost of the phone, by unlocking it you are increasing the resale value of your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code by up to 300%. - Use your work and personal SIM card in your unlocked ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code no need to carry two phones again. - Get the best value tariffs by swapping SIM cards to take advantage of the latest offers. - You never send your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code to anybody. - No opening your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code and risk of damage to your device. - Very easy, no technical experience necessary. - No complicated software or hardware just enters code, and your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code is PERMANENTLY unlocked. - Is safe and does not void ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code’s warranty. - Unlocking is a one-time event. It works for the life of your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code. - Will I have to unlock my ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code every time I change SIM Card?. - No, even if you upgrade the software (flash) or hard reset your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code, it remains permanently unlocked, no matter what you do to it. A SIM card or Subscriber Identity Module is a portable memory chip used in GSM phones. The SIM Card allows users to change phones by simply removing the SIM Card from one cell phone and inserting it into another. The SIM holds personal identity information, cell phone number, phone book, text messages and other data. How does the remote unlocking work?. Upon successful order submission, we will process your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code's unique IMEI number and email back an unlock code. The International Mobile Equipment Identity or IMEI is a 15 digit serial number unique to every GSM cell phone. We generate the unlocking code from the IMEI, this is called remote unlocking. Enter *#06# into your phone to retrieve the unique 15 digit IMEI number. It can also be found printed on the back of the phone underneath the battery. No software or cable is required at all. How do I enter the unlock code?. It is very easy to enter the unlock code. How Safe is it and is it guaranteed to Work?. Removing the network restriction on your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code with unlocking codes is the safest and fastest way to unlock a cell phone. There is absolutely no risk of damaging your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code or void warranty. You simply enter the unlock codes directly into your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code via the ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code’s keypad to remove the network restriction. We guarantee it to work or your money back. On November 26, 2006, the U.S. Copyright Office ruled that consumers can legally unlock their cell phones in order to use them with rival carriers. Some times you might be able to ask your network to provide you with an unlock code. However, they will only do this for free if you have completed your contract. Obviously most networks don't want you moving away from their network so they will often charge extortionate rates to unlock your ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code and you can also be made to wait up to 3 weeks to receive your unlock codes. For USA phones manufactured before January 26th, 2013, you may still legally unlock in accordance with the the Digital Millenium Copyright Act.. It is illegal to unlock USA devices that are manufactured after January 26th, 2013 unless you have permission from your service provider. We will not provide any service for any USA service provider cell phone or smart phone manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later. MasterUnlockCode.com will not be held liable or responsible if you place an order for an unlock code for any USA service provider cell phone that was manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later. If you make a purchase on MasterUnlockCode.com or any affiliated website you accept full responsibility for complying with all local, national, and international laws. MasterUnlockCode.com will not knowingly give any advice or provide any service to anyone who wishes to unlock a phone that was purchased from a USA service provider manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later in The United States of America.. ZTE Hawkeye Unlock Code ZTE Project CSX , Unlock ZTE Hawkeye , How to unlock ZTE Hawkeye , How to factory unlock ZTE Hawkeye , How to permanently unlock ZTE Hawkeye , Free ZTE Hawkeye unlock instructions. THE MOST RECENTLY ORDERED UNLOCK CODES Another Sucessful unlocking for the ZTE Zinger unlock code Lightening fast Delivery of Another ZTE ATT F160 unlock code Someone just got a Super Cheap ZTE Z992 Avail 2 unlock code Took only minutes to email another ZTE Z431 unlock code Seconds ago Seconds ago Seconds ago Seconds ago. OVER 2,500,000 PHONES UNLOCKED OPEN 24/7 · LOWEST PRICES GUARANTEED!. We are the direct source for IMEI remote unlock codes. We have the fastest processing times. If a code is "Not Found" or if the code isn't working. we will give you a 100% refund. If you are having problems unlocking your device our knowledge staff and support. will guide you through the procedure.. Ready to unlock your device now?. Yes it is completely legal and you will not void the. We have unlocks for most of the major phone manufacturers including Blackberry,. HTC, Samsung, Nokia, Sony Ericcson, LG, Huawei, Palm, HP and many more! If you do. not see your manufacturer listed below please contact us!. By buying a code from us you are getting the fastest and highest quality service. We offer 100% working unlock codes from all the major manufacturers. FAQs | Instructions | Contact Us. www.GSMUnlockUSA.com - #1 Direct Source Wholesale - Store Owners, Dealers and Resellers. How to unlock iPhone 8 Plus. How to unlock iPhone 7 Plus. How to unlock iPhone 6S Plus. How to unlock iPhone 6 Plus. © 2007 - 2018 PD Software Ltd | Home | Terms of Sale | Privacy Policy | Contact Us. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. ONX3 (Black) ZTE Blade v8 / ZTE Hawkeye Universal Transparent Mobile Cell Smart Phone, Passport, Money Underwater Waterproof Protection Bag Touch Responsive. Be the first to review this item. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Ships from and sold by ONX-3 .. Full access to your smartphone i.e. touch screen, camera, mic and speaker works as normal without removing the bag.. Protects your smartphone, cash, passport, camera and any of your belongings from water, snow, dust and sand while on the move or relaxing at the beach or poolside.. The waterproof bag has a locking mechanism that makes the pouch air tight and water resistant, weighing only 50 grams its very light weight and easily handled with a strong neck strap keeping your pockets from being bulky.. Completely universal, fit any model smartphone with cash, passports and so on, Large pocket measurements 6.5 inches' x 3.5 Inches.. It offers waterproof protection for your device while you are underwater or fishing, skiing, snowboarding, hiking, and more!. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Fully transparent, the specially designed Waterproof Case Bag Pouch is designed for all major phones and brands allowing you to retain full access to the touch screen features and camera. Stay connected with family, friends and contacts while you're on holiday. Take the most stunning selfie and group photos or videos imaginable underwater. Constructed from ABS plastic material to handle extreme conditions, it protects you from the environment while being friendly to it. An easy-to-use snap clasp and lock seal system ensures full protection while the lanyard provides additional peace of mind. It can be used in Aquatics & Outdoor Activities, Credit card wallet money waterproof dry bag for beach, fishing, swimming, boating, kayaking, snorkeling and water park activities. Use it in place of a wallet! The Case has a Secure Snap Lock System, so you can easily access or seal your belongings with the Snap Locking access. It can holds your personal belongings, like keys, cards, cash. 1 x ONX3 waterproof case dry bag. One Case Meets All the Needs:. Be the first to review this item. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. There are no customer reviews yet.. 5 star 5 star (0%) 0% 4 star 4 star (0%) 0% 3 star 3 star (0%) 0% 2 star 2 star (0%) 0% 1 star 1 star (0%) 0%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Hot Deals Apps Auto Tech Mobiles Internet Laptops Compare How-To Opinions Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Subscribe Advertise. Menu Top10 Reviews News & Launches In Depth MWC 2018 Forum SKOAR Hot Deals Languages:. Click here to catch all the action live. Mobiles Help Me Buy Laptops Auto Tech Internet Photos Entertainment Videos Contests News Releases Buy Digit Subscribe Current/ past issue Advertise Devworx Ask Digit. हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी മലയാളം தமிழ் भोजपुरी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ অসমীয়া اردو. Digit Mobile Phones ZTE ZTE Hawkeye. ZTE Hawkeye Brief Description ZTE Hawkeye Specification. Subscribe here to further receive Related Stories, Product Reviews, Launches & Best Deals. Since this device is currently not available for purchase, please leave you email to be informed of it's price & availability in future.. ZTE Hawkeye Price in India 13530 /-. ZTE Hawkeye is a crowd sourced smartphone and has been prepared after years of research and development. An important feature of the device is the eye-tracking technology, that follows your eye movement and automatically scrolls up and down or left and right on pages. It also navigates between pages through voice commands. Another important feature is that it comes with a self adhesive kit so that you can stick it to a vertical wall and use it hand free.. ZTE Hawkeye was launched in January 2017 & runs on Android 7.0 OS. The Smartphone has a built in fingerprint sensor as the primary security feature, along with the host of connectivity options in terms of 3G, 4G, GPS, Wifi, NFC Bluetooth capabilities. The phone is available with 32 GB of internal storage.. The Smartphone is powered by 2 GHz Octa core Qualcomm Snapdragon 425 Processor. A 3 GB of RAM & Adreno 506 graphics processor ensures phone runs smoothly even the most memory intensive applications & still shows no signs of lag. 32 GB of internal storage can be expanded to 256 GB via a microSD card.. The Phone comes with a large 3000 mAh battery to support it's 5.5 inch screen with Full HD IPS LCD Capacitive touchscreen display having a resolution of 1080 x 1920 at 401 ppi. The screen is also protected by a durable Scratch Resistant glass.. ZTE Hawkeye boasts of dual primary camera of 13 & 12 megapixel and 8 megapixel front Camera. It also supports Face Detection and high dynamic range(HDR) imaging.. ZTE Hawkeye Price In India Starts From Rs. The price of ZTE Hawkeye in India is Rs.13530. This phone is available in 32 GB storage variants.. Full HD IPS LCD Capacitive touchscreen. Moto C Plus (Pearl White, 16.... Honor 6X (Gold, 32GB). Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB). Write a Review on ZTE Hawkeye. Indians hit worst in HawkEye keylogger attacks: Trend Micro. According to a report by software security firm&nbsp;Trend Micro, Indians comprise 16 per cent of HawkEye keylogger attack victims worldwide. ZTE Blade V8 with dual rear camera leaks ahead of CES 2017 launch. ZTE could be the latest smartphone maker to join the dual rear camera bandwagon. The smartphone maker is likely to showcase its dual-camera system.... ZTE Blade V8 Pro with dual-rear cameras unveiled at CES 2017. ZTE has unveiled the Blade V8 Pro at CES 2017. The new smartphone is available in the US for pre-order at $229.98, which is about Rs. Other Popular Deals In ZTE Mobile Phones Popular. ZTE Blade V9 64GB Popular in Mobile Phones. Tenor (10.or E) 3GB 32 GB. Honor 6X (Gold, 32GB). Lenovo K8 Note (Venom Black,.... OnePlus 5T (Midnight Black 6GB.... ZTE Hawkeye comparison Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs. Nokia 6 Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs. Xiaomi Mi A1 Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs. Xiaomi Redmi Y1 64GB Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs. Moto G5S Plus Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs. Moto G5 Plus Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs. Huawei Honor 9 Lite Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs. Lenovo K8 Note Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs. Xiaomi Redmi 4 4GB Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs. Moto E4 Plus (Iron Gray, 32.... Moto G5 Plus (32GB, Fine Gold). Redmi Y1 (Gold, 64GB). Honor 6X (Gold, 32GB) 9999 /- Moto G5 Plus (32GB, Fine Gold) 10999 /- Lenovo K8 Plus (Venom Black, 32... ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE PRIVACY TERMS SITEMAP HTML. Digit caters to the largest community of tech buyers, users and enthusiasts in India. The all new Digit.in continues the legacy of Thinkdigit.com as one of the largest portals in India committed to technology users and buyers. Digit is also one of the most trusted names when it comes to technology reviews and buying advice and is home to the Digit Test Lab, India's most proficient center for testing and reviewing technology products.. We are about leadership – the 9.9 kind! Building a leading media company out of India. And, grooming new leaders for this promising industry.. Copyright © 2007-14 Nine Dot Nine Mediaworx Pvt. 
ZTE admits the crowdsourced ZTE Hawkeye didn't meet expectations, asks community for feedback. 2017/01/23 10:08am PST Jan 23, 2017. ZTE's crowdsourced phone, the ZTE Hawkeye, hasn't done remarkably well since it was announced at CES. The Kickstarter campaign has only raised 7% of the $500,000 goal, and funding has only increased by $4,000 in the past six days. Now ZTE is going back to the community, asking what could be done to improve the device.. The ZTE Hawkeye is the result of the company's 'Project CSX,' which asked the ZTE community what features they want most on a phone. Somehow, the ability to control the phone based on eye movement and an adhesive case. The Kickstarter price is $199, with specs including a Snapdragon 625, 3GB of RAM, and Android 7.0 Nougat .. ZTE admitted defeat in a forum post, believing that introducing the eye-tracking feature on a mid-range device likely hurt expectations. With the introductory price already set, ZTE wants to hear how they can change the device to make it more appealing with a new poll. Some of the options ZTE has recommended includes swapping out the Snapdragon 625 for the 835, increasing the battery capacity to 3500mAh, and using stock Android.. As you might imagine, the Snapdragon 835 option is leading in the poll (at the time of writing).. Whatever option wins will almost certainly affect the full retail price of the phone, but I'm not convinced even a high-end CPU will push the Kickstarter project to $500,000.. Tags community kickstarter poll z-community zte zte hawkeye. [Update: APK] Google resurrects Voice, gives the app and website a full makeover. Android Instant Apps, announced at Google I/O last year, starts initial testing. [Update: APK now available] Google releases Assistant Go app on the Play Store. 2018/02/06 4:45am PST Feb 6, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google's Calculator app hits 100 million downloads on the Play Store. 2018/01/31 9:34pm PST Jan 31, 2018. No shit this wasn't gonna do well. Seriously, who in their right mind would think that these stupid gimmicks would move units?. There were some accusations of vote stuffing during process of picking which project would be built. I don't know anything, and the accusations are just hearsay, but considering what got picked, yeah, I would not be surprised at all.. I've seen that posted in a few comments and I'm quite leery about believing it. I've seen nothing to actually back those claims up. Either way, I find it exceptionally hard to believe that people want a sticky back and eye tracking software. This just screams of a waste of time and money.. Maybe ZTE should just make a device with the SD 835, 3500 mAh battery, and "stock" Android and see how well that sells. I guess that's too easy though... You'd have to actually want to move devices.. My phone is sticky, and I didn't have to crowdfund it.. use a tissue next time you fap then. *FAP FAP FAP FAP FAP FAP FAP FAP FAP FAP*. I think it was always a dumb marketing campaign. Smartphones take 8-18 months to design and manufacture, so they were never going to pick the truly innovative and hard to implement features. Instead there's software eye tracking and a sticky case.. >Implying that ZTE has enough users to have a community. i'm sure there are more people who follow bronycon than this horeshit. not sure which is creepier though.. Do I want to know what bronycon is?. its a bunch of alleged pedo's who go to a building and celebrate the creepy horses that children watch. Um its just a mere midrange, if you are asking for people to back a midrange product then ZE is more clueless than I thought. How about actually produce a spec'd out device and then and only then could this get crowdsource support. SD835, 3/4gb ram and 4000mah are the bare minimum if ZTE wants a strong following for this device. Extra emphasis on the battery would be ideal.. The SD835 might be pushing things for a mid-range phone on the lower end of the pricing spectrum. I think the SD660 would be a more fitting processor that would still kick tons of ass. Octa-core HMP with 4x a73 and 4x a53 on a 14nm process. That should best the 820(821) by quite a bit, but still cheap enough that the phone won't have to end up at $600.. I think the stupidest companies are ZTE, HTC and Blacbkberry. I think LG deserves a spot on that list.. I would number is this way...5 being the worst:. I dunno man, the G5 was terrible and they didn't launch the V20 at all in Europe... at least HTC phones you can buy :P. The concept of asking the community what it wants in a phone is pretty neat. Picking silly bloat software that no one wants is unfortunate. I'd love a top tier phone with a reasonable price running stock Android.. What if Saygus had actually come through with their phone when it was still relevant? As much as we all hate Saygus, think about if HTC, LG, or even Samsung had an idea like that. A flagship device with pretty much every nerd's wet dream of specs. 128GB storage, massive battery, dual SD slots for those who want them, awesome reception.. All the OEMs have to do is really listen to the community. You want a smartphone hit? Good. No one really cares about thin devices anymore. I picked up my HTC HD2 from 2009. That thing is still relatively thin by today's standards. I want a phone that's going to last me at least two days off the charger with normal useage. Last phone that ticked that box was the Z3 for me.. Things pretty much everyone wants in an Android phone:. 2) stock Android (or close to it - basically knock off the gimmicks and bloat). Things a lot of people want (bonus features):. i wanted to say TL:DR but yeah I agree.. I'm completely fine with 720p on my 4.6" panel, thank you very much.. That's all you took from that post?. That's the only part I disagreed with.. As very smart as you may be, there's no need to assume everyone around you is an idiot.. Did I call you an idiot? I asked if that was really all you got from my post.. for a mid ranger 720p is totally fine... Anythibg over 5" should jump to 1080p to maintain "retina" status.. This would be the phone that gets my money. Currently topping the list for next phone is a OP3T.. This is why I love the Nextbit Robin. While that device didn't hit all of the points and hasn't been a complete success, they have hit really close and they have listened to consumer feedback (before development looking at feedback for other companies, during the Kickstarter, and after (to include as software fixes or for a potential future phone). Let's look at the list you gave and what they did.. Things pretty much everyone wants in an Android phone:. Nope on this one, hopefully the software update can somewhat fix it but definitely something they have heard from users to fix.. 2) stock Android (or close to it - basically knock off the gimmicks and bloat). Almost stock and them supporting rooting and roming means you can get actual stock.. Nope, only 1080p but honestly that still seems perfectly fine for me as it's hard to even tell a difference to FHD anyway (except VR and personally haven't used it). While it would be nice to have a 64 or 128 GB option or SD Card support, the 100GB free cloud helps elevate it (and how many people need more than 32GB on average anyway? Yes you can't store as much offline but most things are online now so 32GB is still more than necessary for that). Things a lot of people want (bonus features):. So Nextbit isn't perfect but this is just one example from personal experience of course. OnePlus has been pretty good also.. Now all we need is for a major company (or at least one with retail presence) to follow the trend that these smaller companies are doing.. FHD is Full HD or 1080p. I believe you were thinking of QHD, which is what a lot of flagship are currently using. It's a battery hog and adds very little to the screen detail under 6.5". The Robin definitely hits this point.. The small storage and online storage gimmick was the only reason I passed on this one. Online storage like what they're doing is akin to a video game maker putting out an online only game. It only works as long as the servers are alive. I get what they were trying to do, but we still don't have full data coverage across the country, not to mention places outside the US. Offline data storage is still a big deal.. Besides that point, it costs about a dime per device to double the storage capacity to 64GB. I forget what the cost for 128GB is, but I want to say it was under a quarter per device. There is little reason not to offer larger storage. Sure some people might not need it, but other do. It doesn't add much cost, and it expands your buyer potential.. As for the Robin specifically, the increase in storage would be awesome for using Multi-ROM.. I didn't put a lot of features in the list. It was a general example, not a comprehensive checklist.. Recently Lenovo launched P2 with 5100mAh battery!! Seriously even flagships don't carry such giant capacity battery! MI packs 4000 mAh battery in 5" display. Why these flagship manufactures working on battery capacity we dont know..!. I will point out, however, that if a manufacturer has software enhancements that don't wreck androids performance and don't prevent me from using themes, then I will happily get on board with that.. They should make a Moto Z Play without the Mods. Or just don't use the mods. This is exactly what I was thinking. Mind you, I'd also make it 5.2/5.3 inch screen, dual front speakers, maybe bring the battery down to 3100 if necessary, fingerprint scanner on the SIDE, and make the battery, not removable, but easily replaceable (like, swapping it requires a screwdriver and a dental probe). $300 with an HTC-style drop protection warranty.. Uh, obviously they should do all three of those things if they want it to be more popular.. Never design something based solely on consumer feedback because they don't know they want. exactly what I thought when I saw Eye detection. The difference is that this is just one feature, not many (as in some of ZTE community's suggestions).. And the problem is that this is just one small feature anyway (like a fingerprint or even iris scanner), not a big selling point. Who would've bought the Note 7 if the only main difference from 5 was iris scanner?. Wish there was some non-dick way of pointing out errors in posts. But it looks like Crowd-sourced is misspelled in the title as "croudsourced". Listening to the community too much is a bad idea. Not all ideas pitched are good ideas, and honestly, the features list is a culmination of gimmicks that no one would ever use.. I think there is a point that is being glossed over here. Kickstarter isn't an appropriate place to launch this. ZTE customers want something that they can buy in a store then and there. They aren't a premium brand, there isn't some new technology in this device. In short nothing that would make someone think great I'm going to suffer on with my old phone for months longer so I can buy that! It would probably sell perfectly well on a store floor because that is where their customers are.. Part of the problem here is that people don't really know what they want. It's the true technology leaders that put together a device of whatever sort, make it awesome, and then people like it. Crowdsourcing a design just ends up with a bunch of averaged out averageness. I have the ZTE zMax Pro. It's a true midrange budget phone with great specs and ZTE is providing some updates to fix bugs. There is also a beta testing ZTE community for it.. I can't believe no one mentioned this, but the one big thing for me is having root access (this phone doesn't and probably never will).. While I understand locking the bootloader is done at the carrier's request, ZTE could give consumers a "stock" Android experience with a rootable device (like the Moto G4).. [Deal Alert] Nest Cam Outdoor two-pack is just $248.38 ($99.62 off) on Amazon. 2018/02/25 7:32pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Sony Xperia XZ1 is down to $495 ($205 off) on Amazon. 2018/02/25 7:16pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Best Buy will knock $100 off Galaxy S9/S9+ pre-orders on Friday, March 2nd only. 2018/02/25 6:37pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Refurbished JBL Everest Elite 700 noise-canceling Bluetooth headphones are $119.99 on Woot. 2018/02/25 2:54pm PST Feb 25, 2018. [Deal Alert] Prime Exclusive LG Q6 is $159.99 ($90 off) today only on Amazon. 2018/02/25 11:14am PST Feb 25, 2018. Are you using a custom launcher on your phone?. Yes, I currently am using a custom launcher. I have used one in the past, but not currently. No, and I have never used a custom launcher.. Wacom Bamboo Tip review: A pricey fine-tip stylus that works on all touchscreens. 2018/02/23 6:08am PST Feb 23, 2018. Netatmo Welcome review: A near perfect no-hidden-fees indoor security camera with face recognition. 2018/02/22 5:39am PST Feb 22, 2018. Moto Tab review: Look elsewhere for your tablet needs. 2018/02/20 7:33am PST Feb 20, 2018. JBL Link smart speakers review: Offering several great alternatives to the Google Home. 2018/02/17 5:30am PST Feb 17, 2018. Microsoft's Photos Companion is a neat utility for transferring images from Android to your PC (Hands-on). 2018/02/15 4:06am PST Feb 15, 2018. 21 new and notable Android Wear watch faces from the last 3 months (11/11/17 - 2/22/18). 2018/02/24 9:59am PST Feb 24, 2018. 13 new and notable Android games from the last week (2/14/18 - 2/20/18). 2018/02/20 11:20am PST Feb 20, 2018. 14 new and notable Android apps from the last week (2/13/18 - 2/19/18). 2018/02/19 10:21am PST Feb 19, 2018. 18 new and notable Android games from the last week (2/7/18 - 2/13/18). 2018/02/13 11:33am PST Feb 13, 2018. 14 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (2/6/18 - 2/12/18). 2018/02/12 11:39am PST Feb 12, 2018. Samsung SmartThings app overhaul coming in March. 2018/02/25 2:26pm PST Feb 25, 2018. YouTube for Android TV adds manual resolution selection, starts rolling an updated interface. 2018/02/25 3:11am PST Feb 25, 2018. Google app beta's screenshot editing and sharing popup is now working in other apps as well for some. 2018/02/24 10:27pm PST Feb 24, 2018. Here are 39 temporarily free and 45 on-sale apps for your Saturday. 2018/02/24 10:26am PST Feb 24, 2018. 21 new and notable Android Wear watch faces from the last 3 months (11/11/17 - 2/22/18). 2018/02/24 9:59am PST Feb 24, 2018. [Deal Alert] Save $35 when you buy a Google Home and Chromecast or Chromecast Audio. 2017/02/26 1:35am PST Feb 26, 2017. [Deal Alert] Nexus 5X 16GB Drops To Its Lowest Price Yet, Grab One For Just $269.99 On eBay. 2016/02/26 10:31am PST Feb 26, 2016. Sprint Galaxy S6 And Galaxy S6 Edge Promotion Leaked Ahead Of MWC Announcement. 2015/02/26 9:17pm PST Feb 26, 2015. PSA: Google Wallet 'Tap And Pay' Functionality Appears To Be Working On Most KitKat Updates For Devices On Isis Carriers. 2014/02/26 3:09pm PST Feb 26, 2014. Adobe Releases Photoshop Touch For Phones, Pisses Off Tablet Users By Making It A Separate $5 App. 2013/02/26 9:27pm PST Feb 26, 2013. [MWC 2012] Samsung Announces Galaxy S WiFi 4.2, For The Android Lovers Who Don't Need A Phone. 2012/02/26 11:58pm PST Feb 26, 2012. Public Beta Of FullHDMI Released, Lets You Mirror Your EVO's Screen On Your HDTV. 2011/02/26 5:51pm PST Feb 26, 2011. Hands on with the Nokia 1, Nokia 6 (2018), Nokia 7 Plus, and Nokia 8 Sirocco. 2018/02/25 7:33am PST Feb 25, 2018. Chrome OS may soon be able to run Linux applications in a container. 2018/02/25 10:00am PST Feb 25, 2018. Galaxy S9 and S9+ US pre-orders, pricing, release date, and more. 2018/02/25 8:59am PST Feb 25, 2018. Samsung's Galaxy S9 is official: Fingerprint sensor finally in the right place. 2018/02/25 8:59am PST Feb 25, 2018. Nokia smartphones will be Android One devices going forward. 2018/02/25 7:27am PST Feb 25, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. [Update: Now official, more devices supported] Google releasing ARCore 1.0 at MWC, but it seems to be rolling out early. 2018/02/23 8:26am PST Feb 23, 2018. [Update x2: Rollout resumed] Samsung halts Android 8.0 Oreo rollout to Galaxy S8 and S8+. 2018/02/22 3:55pm PST Feb 22, 2018. Hands-on: Google's 'Reply' gives other apps concise Smart Replies - when it isn't throwing shade. 2018/02/20 2:41pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google Home v1.27 includes several cosmetic changes and shortcuts, smaller APK, and hints at new devices and reversible controls [APK Teardown]. 2018/02/20 12:33pm PST Feb 20, 2018. [Update: APK now available] Google releases Assistant Go app on the Play Store. 2018/02/06 4:45am PST Feb 6, 2018. [Update x2: Hotfix supplement] Google changed the build number format in Oreo—here's how to read it. 2018/02/20 8:21pm PST Feb 20, 2018. Google's Calculator app hits 100 million downloads on the Play Store. 2018/01/31 9:34pm PST Jan 31, 2018. [Update: Now official, more devices supported] Google releasing ARCore 1.0 at MWC, but it seems to be rolling out early. 2018/02/23 8:26am PST Feb 23, 2018. LG settles bootloop lawsuit: Members get $425 in cash or a $700 LG phone rebate [Update: Only for plaintiffs of the initial case]. 2018/01/31 2:09pm PST Jan 31, 2018. Notice a bug? Let us know here. 120 queries | 0.699s | hive. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2018. 
Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Benchmarks and Comparison: As Powerful as Promised, for Better or Worse. Reliance Jio in 2018: What to Expect from India’s Fastest-Growing Carrier. First Look: Team T-Force Night Hawk DDR4 & Cardea m.2 SSD. Hands-on with the ZTE Axon M – A Compelling Modern Dual Screen Smartphone. How Google Camera HDR+ Improves the Image Quality of Xiaomi Budget Phones. Sony Announces the Xperia XZ2 and the Xperia XZ2 Compact with 18:9 Displays and the Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC. The Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S is coming with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 on March 27. HMD Global Announces Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, new Nokia 6, and Nokia 1 Android Go Phone. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. ZTE Announces the Blade V9, Blade V9 Vita and ZTE Tempo Go at MWC 2018. Download: Last Snapchat APK before the Ugly Redesign. How to Install Pre-Release Android Oreo on the AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7 & S7 Edge. How to Customize the Google Pixel 2 Always On Display’s Brightness without Root. How to change the Notification Snooze Durations on Android 8.1 Oreo without Root. Enable Google Camera HDR+ and EIS on the Xiaomi Mi A1 without Root. How to Enable Camera2 API on the Xiaomi Mi A1 without disabling OTA updates. Click “Add Devices” to add your devices for quick access here!. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Benchmarks and Comparison: As Powerful as Promised, for Better or Worse. Reliance Jio in 2018: What to Expect from India’s Fastest-Growing Carrier. First Look: Team T-Force Night Hawk DDR4 & Cardea m.2 SSD. Hands-on with the ZTE Axon M – A Compelling Modern Dual Screen Smartphone. How Google Camera HDR+ Improves the Image Quality of Xiaomi Budget Phones. Buy and sell gently used phones. Please enable JavaScript to view comments.. ZTE Unveils Blade V8 Pro and Project CSX Winner ‘Hawkeye’ at CES 2017. Check out XDA’s Blade V8 Pro Forums! >>>. ZTE took the stage at CES 2017 to unveil not one, but two smartphones. The Blade V8 Pro is an upgrade over the Blade V7, while ZTE Hawkeye is the smartphone winner from Project CSX, ZTE’s attempt to crowdsource ideas for a smartphone .. ZTE’s Blade lineup has seen popularity in Asian markets, and then expanding to. With the V8 Pro, ZTE is bringing the Blade. to the US market, aiming at users looking for an affordable smartphone.. The Blade V8 Pro features a 5.5″ FHD LCD display, which is standard fare on many price segments these days. On the inside, you get a Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 with 8x Cortex-A53 clocked at 2.0GHz ; 3GB RAM and 32GB of internal storage. You can choose to expand the storage by another 256GB by making use of the hybrid dual-SIM slot with microSD support. There’s a decently sized 3,140 mAh battery onboard, along with a USB Type-C port and Quick Charge 2.0 capabilities. The phone does sadly run Android 6.0 Marshmallow , and ZTE has not made known any upgrade plans, so a Nougat release remains up in the air at this stage.. The Blade V8 Pro fuels the dual-camera trend with its dual 13MP cameras on the back , supported with dual LED flash and PDAF. You can also record 4K videos at 30fps. The front camera is an 8MP shooter.. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro is available for pre-order through ZTE’s website and other retailers for a price of $299.98.. While ZTE had chosen the winner of Project CSX through community voting a few months ago, they have now chosen the name of the upcoming smartphone.. Named ‘Hawkeye’, the winner of Project CSX is a smartphone with a self-adhesive back with eye-tracking technology. ZTE Hawkeye is now live for funding on Kickstarter for a discounted price of $199. The device is expected to ship globally in Q3 2017.. For more information, you can visit the Kickstarter page for ZTE Hawkeye .. What are your thoughts on ZTE Blade V8 Pro and ZTE Hawkeye? Let us know in the comments below!. CES 2017 Project CSX ZTE Blade V8 Pro ZTE Hawkeye. Want more posts like this delivered to your inbox? Enter your email to be subscribed to our newsletter.. Frequency - Select - XDA News Daily XDA News Weekly. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. Commerce graduate and Law student with a passion for all things Android, Aamir frequently helps people get the best out of their budget smartphones through generous use of custom roms and kernels. Once an ardent Samsung fanboy, he has since wised up to the ways of Nexus and DuARTe. He receives press releases at aamirsiddiqui@xda-developers.com.. Sony Announces the Xperia XZ2 and the Xperia XZ2 Compact with 18:9 Displays and the Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC. The Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S is coming with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 on March 27. HMD Global Announces Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, new Nokia 6, and Nokia 1 Android Go Phone. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. ZTE Announces the Blade V9, Blade V9 Vita and ZTE Tempo Go at MWC 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. ZTE Hawkeye - Project CSX Winner. Top 5 Best smartphones with unique features. Is THIS the Fastest Phone in the World?. ZTE Hawkeye | Full Specification Features and Price. Magic Way To Control Your Smart Phone Using Your Eye | ZTE Hawkeye | Project CSX Winner CES 2017. 5 Best Smartphone With Unique Features. 5 Smartphone China Terbaik Awal Tahun 2017. ZTE Hawkeye (Eye Gesture) Official Specs!. ZTE Launching New 4 mobiles soon 2017. ZTE Hawkeye Official Specs, Features And CAMERA. Axon Elite Hands-On: the Phone that Scans your Eyeballs. ZTE Axon 7 DayDream VR, Hawkeye & more at CES 2017. ZTE Nubia Z11 Minis S Review - The Best Budget Camera Smartphone 2017 !. Ultimate List of Tips and Tricks for the ZTE Axon 7. ZTE Hawkeye: That's the crowdfunding smartphone.. ZTE ZMAX Pro Review - is a $100 smartphone worth buying?. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Mobiles / ZTE Mobile Phones / ZTE Hawkeye Price in India. User Visits: 48 Compare. ZTE has been on a roll at CES 2017 as it launched two of its impressive handsets called Honor 6X and V8, both of which have been received very well by everyone. However, that was not the centerpiece of ZTE's presentation at the event. The Handset called Hawkeye, which was announced as a crowd-sourced project was announced in its full glory at the event. Boasting of some impressive specifications and cutting edge technology, this device managed to capture the attention of many. While the handset is currently on pre-order and available in limited numbers, if you are looking at getting it, here is a brief overview for it.. Eye Tracking System : While this technology has already been implemented by Samsung in its Note series, it was not seriously pursued by many for some reason. ZTE Hawkeye derives its name from the Eye tracking system that it comes with. The handset comes with two laser-focusing cameras on the top and bottom of the display, which tracks the retina of the user and accurately let it scroll or move around menu without using hands or anything.. Adhesive Rear Shell : One of the useful feature of this handset is not hardware or software related but more of utility feature, which is optional. ZTE has included an adhesive rear panel for the handset, which lets the user stick it on any surface. Using this and combining it with the Eye Tracking System, Hawkeye is one of the most convenient handset to operate.. Dual Camera Module : This is a standard feature for most high-end smartphones ever since Apple released the iPhone 7 Plus. ZTE Hawkeye too boasts of 12MP + 13MP dual camera module on the rear panel. The setup is same as iPhone 7 Plus, where one camera takes monochrome image and other one is color , together they make for an extremely detailed and sharp images.. Not widely available : This handset is a part of Kickstarter crowd-sourced project and will not be available widely. Moreover, the handset is only available on pre-order and in limited numbers, which would make it very hard to get for many users.. 13,590 (Expected Price) ZTE Hawkeye is currently not available in any online store.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 2 GHz Tru-Octa Core 3 GB RAM 32 GB Storage 5.5" (13.97 cm) Display 3000 mAh Battery 13 MP Rear Camera 8 MP Front Camera Dual SIM Quick Charging. We will notify you as soon as ZTE Hawkeye becomes available. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as ZTE Hawkeye is available in stock. 155 x 76.9 x 9.1 mm. 2 GHz Tru-Octa Core 64 bit (Cortex A53). Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Gyroscope. 1080 x 1920 pixels, Full HD. Geo tagging, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR). Handset with built-in Battery, USB Type-C Cable, Charger, User Manual, Warranty Card. Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs Asus Zenfone AR ZS571KL. Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs Asus Zenfone 3s Max. Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs Coolpad Cool1 Dual. Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs Asus Zenfone 3. Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs Honor 6X. Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs LG V20. Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs Moto G5 Plus 32GB. Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs LG G5. Compare ZTE Hawkeye vs Coolpad Note 5. Question: How much Internal storage space is free? Can Apps be moved to SD card?. Answer: This handset comes with 32 GB of inbuilt storage, of which around 24 GB of space is available to the user. Supported apps can be easily transferred to the SD card if the user has inserted one.. Question: Is USB OTG supported?. Answer: Yes, ZTE Hawkeye comes with USB OTG feature.. Question: - Does it come with Dual Tone LED Flash?. Answer: Yes, the handset comes with Dual Tone LED flash.. Question: Do both SIM cards support 4G?. Answer: Yes, both SIM card slots in Hawkeye support 4G LTE.. Question: Is the battery removable?. Answer: No, the battery of this handset is non-removable.. Question: Does it record Slow motion Videos? What is the highest Video Resolution?. Answer: No, this smartphone cannot record slow motion videos. It can record videos in the highest resolution of 1080p. Question: How is the software?. Answer: It comes with a Android 7.0 Nougat operating system, which makes for a good user experience.. Question: Does it support VoLTE?. Answer: No, the smartphone does not support VoLTE feature.. Question: What comes inside the box?. Answer: Handset, Charger, User Guide, Warranty Card. ZTE Mobiles Upcoming ZTE Mobiles ZTE Mobiles Under 15000 ZTE 4G Mobiles ZTE Dual SIM Mobiles ZTE Android Mobiles ZTE 4G Mobiles Under 15000. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Overview Review Specs Alternatives FAQs. 
Step 2/4 > Select your current Network. Unlock your ZTE Hawkeye with Unlock Code. Request a ZTE Hawkeye unlock code and we will send you the code by email along with a set of instructions on how to use it. In most cases you only need to insert the SIM card you want to use and the cell phone will prompt for the unlock code („SIM Network Unlock PIN”). If your phone does not ask for one and there is no input field where to enter the unlock code, please contact our customer support before starting the ordering process. Feel free to get in touch with us, we will gladly respond you within less than 12 hours on any question about how to unlock ZTE Hawkeye.. Pick the country your ZTE Hawkeye is locked to. Attention! Pick the Current Network your device is locked to, NOT the network you want to use. Easy instructions on how to Unlock ZTE Hawkeye. Why should I order a ZTE Hawkeye unlock code?. Easily migrate to another service provider. Get more money if you sell your phone. Safest method to unlock your phone. Here at UnlockRadar.com it's so easy to unlock ZTE devices, you don't even need technical skills to do it. As easy as dialing a phone number. Read this step-by-step guide, meant to walk you through the process:. Select the country and the service provider your phone is locked to, then check the price.. Send us the IMEI of your phone and proceed to checkout. To find the IMEI number, type *#06# on your device keyboard.. Enter your name, a valid email address and complete the order. A confirmation email will be sent to you after we receive the payment.. We will send the unlock code on your email. Usually it's a 8 or 16 digit number, but in some cases it may be a complete set of codes. You only need the first one, the NCK.. Insert the SIM card of another network operator and enter the code you received from us. With an unlocked phone you have the huge advantage of easily changing your network provider and being able to choose a better plan to suit your needs.. You can save hundreds of dollars when traveling abroad if you have an unlocked phone. Just buy a local SIM card and start making calls at local rates, avoiding roaming charges.. Unlocked phones tend to have higher resale prices than locked phones, and you can easily sell your unlocked device internationally.. IMEI unlock is the safest way to unlock your device, because it uses genuine unlock codes from the manufacturer. No software, no opening your phone's case, no warranty void.. Before you order a ZTE Hawkeye unlock code, make sure you follow our requirements checklist:. Be certain that your phone is locked. Try to insert a SIM from a different network and wait for the phone to ask for the unlock. If it doesn't prompt for the code, and you can make a regular call, than your phone is NOT SIM locked.. Be certain that your phone is NOT stolen or blacklisted.. Be certain that your phone is NOT hard locked. If you tried too many times to unlock it before, your handset may be locked forever.. Make sure to give us the correct IMEI and to select the original country and network, NOT the one you want to use.. We will NOT be able to refund your money if our service fails to unlock your device for any of the reasons mentioned before.. By more than 486 happy customers. After losing several days trying to follow various tutorials on Youtube about how to unlock my phone, I decided then to buy the code. Very good price and quick service. Got my code and instructions how to unlock ZTE Hawkeye. It did take a bit longer then they said it would, but they clearly noticed me about it so that seems fine to me.. Good timing, affordable and great service, I'll keep coming back.... I got my ZTE Hawkeye unlock code very quickly. It was so easy to unlock my phone. A well recommended company I would recommend it to all my friends. Mark Tzerhfu     . Remy Dent     . Catherine Grace     . Jane Miller     . Francisco Soria     . 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. 
News / Features / How-To / Opinions / Top 10 / Gallery / Video. All Reviews Laptops Tablets Phones Cameras HDTVs Gaming Desktop Printers Monitors Storage Ipad Apps Iphone Apps Android Apps Software Security Networking Routers Servers Scanners Projectors Wearable Tech Health & Fitness Digital Home Cars Speakers Headphones Ebook Readers Laptops / Phones / HDTV / Gaming / Apps / Tablets / Cameras / Printers / Software. How HMD Global is helping Nokia come back with smartphones. Google’s Allo is a chat app on steroids. It runs on Snapdragon 625 processor coupled with 3GB RAM. ZTE has announced its first crowd sourced Android smartphone called the Hawkeye. This phone is a result of its Project Crowd Source X (CSX) that started back in 2016. It features an eye-tracking technology along with a self-adhesive back.. Initially, the company had refrained from revealing its specs and had put up a concept device on display. Now the company has officially announced all detailed specs of the phone.. The ZTE Hawkeye comes with a 5.5-inch full HD display and runs on Snapdragon 625 processor coupled with 3GB RAM. For storage, the phone gets 32GB internal memory that can be expanded to 256GB via microSD card and powering the phone is a 3,000mAh battery.. At the back it has a fingerprint scanner with a dual camera setup. The optics includes a 12-megapixel camera along with a 13-megapixel sensor, while on the front is an 8-megapixel shooter.. Running on Android 7.0 Nougat, the phone also hosts other features like Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 via USB Type-C, NFC and Hi-Fi Audio for superior sound quality. It gets some connectivity options too, like USB Type-C port, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n/ac as well as a dual-SIM slot.. Now that the specs are out, ZTE will start shipping this device by the second quarter of this year. This will be one of a kind device that allows users to browse through web pages and adhere to various surfaces by performing hands-free operations.. The Hawkeye will be available for $199 on KickStarter and one can vote at csx.zteusa.com, for fifteen different options that includes colour and material of the phone. Chances are this phone isn't coming to India anytime soon and probably if it doesn't do too well on Kickstarter, it may not be a full fledged product in the future, however, the concept doesn't look quite tempting.. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.. After completing his Bachelors in Mass Communication from Punjab Technical University, he started working as a Content writer and has almost 3 years of collective experience in companies like J9Ventures, Snapdeal, MMI Online and DB Infomedia as a Content writer. He works as a Content Writer, facilitating to all tech related stories and news for PC Mag. Leaked: A new Lenovo A-series smarthphone could show up at MWC. Xiaomi's best gadgets under Hugo Barra. Samsung launches Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus for "the visual and social generation". Available for pre-order on March 2nd.. Uber launches cheaper Express Pool, similar to Ola’s Ride Share Express. Express Pool will be up to 50% cheaper than the standard Pool. This 3-D-printed device turns a smartphone into fully operational microscope. The clip-on microscope requires no external power or light source to work. HDD: What is the future of mainstream storage?. With technology and data going hand in hand, hard drives and solid .... Researchers get closer to creating a DNA-based file system. The new invention will makes it easier to store and retrieve data .... About About PCMagazine Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookies. Connect Ziff Davis ExtremeTech IGN AskMen. Social Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linkedin. PCMag India is operated by Times Internet Limited under license from ZiffDavis. 
Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Benchmarks and Comparison: As Powerful as Promised, for Better or Worse. Reliance Jio in 2018: What to Expect from India’s Fastest-Growing Carrier. First Look: Team T-Force Night Hawk DDR4 & Cardea m.2 SSD. Hands-on with the ZTE Axon M – A Compelling Modern Dual Screen Smartphone. How Google Camera HDR+ Improves the Image Quality of Xiaomi Budget Phones. Sony Announces the Xperia XZ2 and the Xperia XZ2 Compact with 18:9 Displays and the Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC. The Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S is coming with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 on March 27. HMD Global Announces Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, new Nokia 6, and Nokia 1 Android Go Phone. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. ZTE Announces the Blade V9, Blade V9 Vita and ZTE Tempo Go at MWC 2018. Download: Last Snapchat APK before the Ugly Redesign. How to Install Pre-Release Android Oreo on the AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7 & S7 Edge. How to Customize the Google Pixel 2 Always On Display’s Brightness without Root. How to change the Notification Snooze Durations on Android 8.1 Oreo without Root. Enable Google Camera HDR+ and EIS on the Xiaomi Mi A1 without Root. How to Enable Camera2 API on the Xiaomi Mi A1 without disabling OTA updates. Click “Add Devices” to add your devices for quick access here!. Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Benchmarks and Comparison: As Powerful as Promised, for Better or Worse. Reliance Jio in 2018: What to Expect from India’s Fastest-Growing Carrier. First Look: Team T-Force Night Hawk DDR4 & Cardea m.2 SSD. Hands-on with the ZTE Axon M – A Compelling Modern Dual Screen Smartphone. How Google Camera HDR+ Improves the Image Quality of Xiaomi Budget Phones. Buy and sell gently used phones. Please enable JavaScript to view comments.. ZTE Cancels its ‘Hawkeye’ Project CSX Kickstarter Campaign. ZTE’s Project CSX was a unique take on the smartphone development process. For the first time in recent memory, an OEM directly used community. feedback to design a smartphone with. This phone would then be designed and brought to life by ZTE.. After user submissions and an initial round of voting, the finalist ideas were revealed. The finalists were revealed to be options ranging from ZTE a flagship with stock Android, a phone with a VR interactive diving mask, a phone with a power-glove, a phone with intelligent smartphone covers and even a self-adhesive phone with eye-tracking software. The community was asked to vote and the winner was…. the self-adhesive phone which was subsequently named. The winning idea got its own Kickstarter campaign, where people had to vote with their wallets to. show that this is something they really wanted to see come to market.. We are not commenting on why people would want a phone with a self-adhesive back and eye tracking software, because that is what people wanted to see so they voted for this design. But as it turns out, not enough people put their money where their mouth is. After a disappointing monetary response to the Kickstarter campaign, ZTE has pulled the plug on the campaign. to bring the ZTE Hawkeye to market. The project managed to raise only $36,245 of its $500,000 goal. backed by only 190 people. The funding of the project is now. cancelled with backers to soon get their money refunded.. ZTE states that although the campaign has been cancelled, Project CSX will still live on. Based on the feedback received by ZTE, it seems that people wanted higher-end specifications on the ZTE Hawkeye than what was announced. For this reason, ZTE is re-evaluating the features that are implemented. in the device and are hoping to return with a better device next time around, one that will still retain the self-adhesive back and eye-tracking software that people voted on.. Because that is what people want apparently.. What are your thoughts on the now-defunct ZTE Hawkeye? Would you be interested in the device if it had better specifications? Let us know in the comments below!. Not Stock Android Project CSX ZTE Hawkeye. Want more posts like this delivered to your inbox? Enter your email to be subscribed to our newsletter.. Frequency - Select - XDA News Daily XDA News Weekly. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. Commerce graduate and Law student with a passion for all things Android, Aamir frequently helps people get the best out of their budget smartphones through generous use of custom roms and kernels. Once an ardent Samsung fanboy, he has since wised up to the ways of Nexus and DuARTe. He receives press releases at aamirsiddiqui@xda-developers.com.. Sony Announces the Xperia XZ2 and the Xperia XZ2 Compact with 18:9 Displays and the Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC. The Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S is coming with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 on March 27. HMD Global Announces Nokia 8 Sirocco, Nokia 7 Plus, new Nokia 6, and Nokia 1 Android Go Phone. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. ZTE Announces the Blade V9, Blade V9 Vita and ZTE Tempo Go at MWC 2018. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. The XDA App is the fastest way to access the forums on mobile.. One-Handed Mode replicates the useful iOS "Reachability" feature without root.. Labs is an independent app store that gives developers full control over their work.. The ultimate, most complete theming solution for Android.. The best way to get cutting edge news about your device!. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
Recent Posts Meet the Samsung Galaxy S9+ (Video) This is the Galaxy S9, Unpacked (Hands-on Video) Wireless Sony Xperia Ear Duo headset starts at $280 with Dual Listening support ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power Lenovo 500e and 300e Chromebooks are now available with advanced Touch and Pen features Recent Comments Anonymous on CES 2018 will not be graced by FCC chairman Ajit Pai Anonymous on Pixel 2 XL does not charge at full 18W allowed by adapter Anonymous on iPhone 8 and iPhone X cases made by Apple will allow for wireless charging Anonymous on Apple Store in China had just two customers in line for iPhone 8 Anonymous on Galaxy S8 will feature software navigation buttons and launch March 29 Archives February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Accessories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Other OS Phones Reviews Security & Privacy Tablets Uncategorized Wearables Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Pocketnow en Español. ZTE’s Project CSX is now known as Hawkeye and launches on Kickstarter. Jules Wang January 4, 2017 7:00 pm. ZTE opened up Project CSX (Crowd Source X) in 2016 to see if its community of fans would be able to come up with a mobile device concept different to the usual specs and blah cycle we’re used to. That concept would potentially get turned into a real phone for sale in 2017.. Well, the “Hawkeye” is finally here. It’s the retail name given to the phone that we’ve nicknamed the “ SpiderPhone ” around these parts. Why “SpiderPhone”? Well, the phone is designed to be able to stick to most vertical surfaces and scroll upon content through eye-tracking. At least, that what the four original designers of this concept meant for the device to be.. ZTE has worked the adhesive feature down to bundling in an “optional” companion case. The company also is not promising a polarized display that would block out any side-eye peepers catching a page of that steamy novel you’re peering over. And that was part of the original kit and kaboodle.. While it’s understandable to see features perhaps as grandiose as the ones proposed get watered down with. engineering efficiency and cost barriers, what was an all-in-one solution for “set it and forget it” content browsing may have turned into a Samsung phone from five years ago with a sticky phone case.. Being as huge of a latent giant it is, ZTE can afford to take chances and make mistakes. If that kind of behavior doesn’t inspire excitement in this world, we don’t know what will.. The Hawkeye and the case are tied up on Kickstarter for pre-orders at $199 right now. The project has a goal to raise $500,000 over the next days. Product will first ship in September, also when general sales open up to the public. Hit the Source link to check out the project and see if you’re interested.. adhesive , announcement , crowdfunding , eye-tracking , Hawkeye , kickstarter , News , Project CSX , ZTE. adhesive , announcement , crowdfunding , eye-tracking , Hawkeye , kickstarter , News , Project CSX , ZTE. Jules Wang is News Editor for Pocketnow and one of the hosts of the Pocketnow Weekly Podcast. He came onto the team in 2014 as an intern editing and producing videos and the podcast while he was studying journalism at Emerson College. He graduated the year after and entered into his current position at Pocketnow, full-time.. Check out our MWC 2018 coverage!. Meet the Samsung Galaxy S9+ (Video). This is the Galaxy S9, Unpacked (Hands-on Video). Wireless Sony Xperia Ear Duo headset starts at $280 with Dual Listening support. ‘Extended’ Sony Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact feature new designs, Snapdragon 845 power. 56% off this sturdy, transparent iPhone X case. Shock-proof bluetooth speakers with battery life of 30 hours! — 33% off. Pay what you want for this Python learning bundle. Prolong long-term battery life of your smartphone with this Qi wireless charger. No breaks for Huawei or HTC | #PNWeekly 292. Death, lawsuits and the OnePlus X2 | #PNWeekly 291. 5G crisis, 10GB RAM, Huawei P20 potentials | #PNWeekly 290. Why do Sony Xperia phones still exist? “The next paradigm shift.”. Tim Cook: $999 is “value price” for iPhone X because of EIPs and “discounts”. Panay: Surface Pro 5? How about “meaningful change” with your “Surface Pro Next.... Meet the Samsung Galaxy S9+ (Video). This is the Galaxy S9, Unpacked (Hands-on Video). Huawei MateBook X Pro: The ‘Pro’ is for progress (Video). About Us Contact Us Tip Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy. All rights reserved, Hagshama Keebali Investments Two General Partnership. Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news. 
