How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The $100 ZTE Warp 7 phablet for Boost Mobile has a lot of offer for the price. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 6 Photos in Gallery. Bright 720p display with good viewing angles. Supports GSM and CDMA bands for roaming. The $100 ZTE Warp 7 phablet for Boost Mobile has a lot of offer for the price.. While good unlocked phones keep getting cheaper, the ZTE Warp 7 for Boost Mobile shows you can get a solid, super-affordable Android phone direct from a carrier. For $99.99, the Warp 7 has an attractive build, a reasonably sharp 5.5-inch display, and good overall performance. It doesn't give you quite the same bang for your buck as the Zmax Pro on MetroPCS, but it's one of the better phones you can get on Boost in this price range.. Design, Features, and Display The Warp 7 isn't radically different, but it's a refreshing change from the chunky black slabs we're familiar with seeing on the budget end. Its back cover is made of soft-touch gray polycarbonate, while the front has a layer of glass that curves to meet the sides in a smooth, metallic strip.. View All 6 Photos in Gallery. The phone measures 6.1 by 3.0 by 0.4 inches (HWD) and weighs 5.6 ounces, putting it well within phablet territory. It's about the same size as the Samsung Galaxy J7 (6.0 by 3.1 by 0.3 inches), though it's nearly half an ounce lighter. You probably won't be able to use Warp 7 one-handed the way you can with the 5-inch LG Volt 2 (5.5 by 2.8 by 0.4 inches, 4.8 ounces), but its smooth back and rounded sides make it easy to grip and slip into your pocket.. The placement of ports and buttons is fairly standard. The right side has a clicky power button with a pair of volume buttons above it; the bottom features a USB-C charging port; and the top has a 3.5mm audio jack. The back cover peels off to give you access to a SIM card slot, a removable battery, and a microSD card slot that worked with a 256GB Samsung Evo+ card.. The front is home to a 5.5-inch 1,280-by-720 IPS LCD, with a set of backlit capacitive buttons along the bottom lip. The resolution works out to 267 pixels per inch (ppi), which is just as sharp as the similarly sized Super AMOLED panel on the J7, but not as crisp as the unlocked 1080p Motorola Moto G4 (401ppi). Still, text and images look clear and viewing angles are good. The panel is also bright enough to see outdoors in direct sunlight.. Network Performance and Connectivity Boost Mobile is part of Sprint, so service is identical. The Warp 7 supports GSM (850/900/1800/1900MHz), CDMA (0/1/10), and LTE (1/2/4/5/12/25/26/41) bands. It's worth noting the phone supports international roaming in Mexico. I wasn't able to swing a trip down there, so I tested in midtown Manhattan, where I received download speeds averaging in the single digits. It's not the best network performance, but it's in line with other Boost phones we've tested in the same area (as well as our test results for The Fastest Mobile Networks ).. See How We Test Cell Phones. The phone operates on the 2.4GHz Wi-Fi band only and lacks NFC. That's not unusual for a budget device.. Voice calls are nothing to write home about. Transmissions sound a bit garbled and background noise bleeds through. One the plus side, earpiece volume is sufficiently loud to carry on a conversation outdoors.. Processor, Battery, and Camera The Warp 7 is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor clocked at 1.2GHz. In terms of benchmarks, it scored 26,882 on AnTuTu, which tests overall system performance. That's nearly identical to the LG Stylo 2 (26,822), which has the same hardware, and better than the Volt 2 (21,653). But it's not as powerful as the Snapdragon 617-powered J7 (33,107) or Moto G4 (46,260).. The phone handles multitasking reasonably well, thanks to 2GB of RAM, which is the same amount as the J7 and twice as much as the Volt 2. I was able to run several apps in the background without hitting the RAM usage limit, but I did notice instances of lag when switching between them. Gaming performance is the only real downside. Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas and Asphalt 8: Airborne both suffered from sluggish controls and dropped frames.. The Warp 7 clocked 5 hours and 49 minutes in our rundown test, where we set screen brightness to maximum and stream full-screen video over LTE. That basically matches the Volt 2 (5 hours, 31 minutes) and the Moto G4 (5 hours, 58 minutes). It falls a bit short of the J7's 6 hours and 21 minutes, but not enough to make a huge difference in everyday use. You should be able to power through a full work day, and since the 3,080mAh cell is removable, you can always carry a spare.. The Warp 7's 13-megapixel rear camera isn't great. In brightly-lit settings, the it takes clear shots with good color reproduction. But in less ideal lighting circumstances, pictures turn out muddy. Trying to take pictures in low light, or even in the shade of buildings, results in autoexposure darkening the shot excessively. The same problem exists when recording 1080p video at 30fps.. The 5MP front-facing camera is much better by comparison. While colors are on the cooler side, pictures are reliably clear, even in lower light. Generally, you'll find the Warp 7 to be on par with the J7 in terms of camera performance, while the G4 is significantly better than both.. Software The Warp 7 runs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. Similar to Motorola, ZTE makes few changes to the interface. The only real differences are a transparent lock screen, notification shade, and app drawer.. Despite the light software touch, there's a hefty load of bloatware, with a total of 21 preinstalled apps. Some of the apps from Boost can be uninstalled, but most can only be disabled. You're left with 10.23GB of internal storage out of a total 16GB. Fortunately, you can use a microSD card and take advantage of Android's Adoptable Storage feature, which allows you to format a card to be read as internal memory.. Conclusions For the price, the ZTE Warp 7 is one of the better phablets you can get on Boost Mobile. Its closest rival, the Samsung Galaxy J7, has a better processor, dual-band Wi-Fi, and NFC, but it costs more than $100 more for what amounts to marginal improvements in overall performance. If you're looking for something smaller, the LG Volt 2 offers similar hardware in a more compact form factor. And if you're willing to buy an unlocked phone (and spend a bit more), the Motorola Moto G4 offers a better camera, a faster processor, and a higher-resolution display. For just $100 direct from a carrier, however, the Warp 7 is a solid deal.. Bottom Line: The $100 ZTE Warp 7 phablet for Boost Mobile has a lot of offer for the price.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900. 154.2 x 76 x 9.1 mm (6.07 x 2.99 x 0.36 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~71.2% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~267 ppi density). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. ZTE Warp 7 - user opinions and reviews. I'm having the same problem with not being able to be hurt when I'm speaking on the phone and having to put it on speaker phone also when I play my music the music not loud at all the volume is very low so I will choose to buy another phone and not .... It's been a year and 1 month since I got my ZTE Warp 7...and it has been great except two weeks ago, callers couldn't hear me...but when I put on the speaker phone than they could hear me talk. At home I don't mind it but when I'm out and about, putt.... Hate this phone it was free when I switched to Boost mobile. Speakers are to low, ever time I make a call or someone calls me they can't hear me and it hangs up on whomever I am talking too hate it but stuck with it for now.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. ZTE Max XL Motorola Moto G4 Play ZTE Blade Force Samsung I9500 Galaxy S4. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Axon 7 ZTE nubia Z17s ZTE Axon 9 ZTE nubia Z17. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Sep 5, 2016. Low pixel density screen (267 ppi). The ZTE Warp 7 features a 5.5-inches, 720p display. The phone is powered by 1.2GHz quad-core processor, 2GB of RAM and 16 gigs of expandable internal storage. There is a 13-megapixel camera on the back and a 5-megapixel selfie snapper on the front. The Warp 7 is powered by 3080mAh battery and runs Android 6.0.1.. Dimensions: 6.07 x 2.99 x 0.36 inches (154.2 x 75.9 x 9.1 mm). Weight: 5.6 oz (159 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Smile detection, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Quad-core, 1200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 26.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 4, 5, 12, 25, 26. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSPA. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 05 Sep 2016. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct ZTE Warp 7 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $95 Buy. ZTE Warp 7 arrives at Boost Mobile on September 5th, priced at $99.99. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. ZTE Warp 7 - Retail Packa.... has been added to your Cart. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. ZTE Warp 7 - Retail Packaging (Boost Mobile) - Carrier Locked -. for " zte warp 7 ". Amazon's Choice recommends highly rated, well-priced products available to ship immediately.. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Only 17 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by Jetpack Outlet Store and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. 5.5" HD Display with Corning Gorilla Glass 3. 13MP Camera with 5MP Front Facing Camera. One of these items ships sooner than the other. This item: ZTE Warp 7 - Retail Packaging (Boost Mobile) - Carrier Locked - $89.90. Only 17 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by Jetpack Outlet Store and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for ZTE Warp 7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint… $6.99. Only 17 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by Supershieldz and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. ZTE ZMax 3 Case, ZTE ZMax Champ Case, ZTE ZMax Grand Case, ZTE Grand X3 Case, ZTE Avid 916 Case… $7.99. Sold by Wireless Central and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid - Carrier Locked (Boost Mobile). LG Stylo 3 - Prepaid - Carrier Locked - Boost Mobile. LG Tribute HD - Prepaid - Carrier Locked - Boost Mobile. Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge - Prepaid - Carrier Locked (Boost Mobile). # 1 Best Seller in Carrier Cell Phones. ZTE Warp Elite No Contract Phone - Retail Packaging - Boost. Motorola Moto E4 Plus - Boost Mobile - Carrier Locked Prepaid Phone. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. Alcatel PIXI THEATRE by Cricket Wireless. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for ZTE Warp 7 Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. LG Tribute HD - Prepaid - Carrier Locked - Boost Mobile. LG Stylo 2 Prepaid Carrier Locked - Retail Packaging (Boost). [3-PACK] - Mr Shield For ZTE Warp 7 [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. LG X Power - Prepaid - Carrier Locked - Boost Mobile. Your cost could be $39.90 instead of $89.90 ! Get a $50 Amazon.com Gift Card instantly upon approval for the Amazon Rewards Visa Card. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 6.65 x 6.62 x 1.74 in. 3.3 x 6.5 x 0.37 in. 3.14 x 6.12 x 0.29 in. 3.05 x 6.1 x 0.38 in. 5.96 x 3 x 0.33 in. 5.73 x 0.28 x 2.78 in. ZTE Warp 7 - Retail Packaging (Boost Mobile) - Carrier Locked -. ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid - Carrier Locked (Boost Mobile). LG Stylo 3 - Prepaid - Carrier Locked - Boost Mobile. Motorola Moto E4 Plus - Boost Mobile - Carrier Locked Prepaid Phone. Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx - Boost Mobile Prepaid - Carrier Locked. HTC One A9 - Retail Packaging (Boost Mobile) - Carrier Locked - Opal Silver. The ZTE Warp 7 for Boost Mobile brings you: 5.5" HD Display with Corning Gorilla Glass 3, Android 6.0 Marshmallow, 13MP Camera with 5MP Front Facing Camera, 3080 mAh Battery 3G/4G LTE/Enhanced LTE (where available), 1.2Ghz Quad Core Processor, 2GB RAM / 16GB ROM, HD Voice Spark and so much more. This device is for use with Boost Mobile service only. Phone activation with Boost Mobile is required for use. Boost Mobile rates plans start at $30 a month.. 6.6 x 6.7 x 1.7 inches. 15.2 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #114,742 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #532 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Carrier Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 69% 4 star 7% 3 star 11% 2 star 3% 1 star 10%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 2.0 out of 5 stars My best guess is. This phone has the weakest bluetooth and reception, equalled only by my lg xpower, my other boost mobile phone. My best guess is, they are only using phones with really, really bad reception as a cost mitigation for the unlimited service they provide. I bought this phone to replace my lg xpower since the reception and bluetooth is exceptionally bad, and by that I mean anything more than one foot away and my bluetooth is fading in and out. So unbeleivably bad reception that I really can't warn others enough about it. And that's just me being honest. I like the unlimited service, and I like that they dont bend me over like verizon did but all the phones I've tried with boost give me unbeleivably bad reception for the incoming wifi signal and for bluetooth. My tmobile bluetoothe connects from like 30 feet away, and this bluetooth I sometimes have to hold in my hand to make it work with my bluetooth earpeice. I don't like giving bad reviews but I think I'm probably doing a lot of people a huge favor by just telling them that this is the "catch" since hey, you knew there had to be one for unlimited, didn't you? I know I did. With verizon it's that they charge you up the wazoo for sneezing sideways and with boost it's that your phone cant be a decent hotspot or bluetooth for anything more than a couple of feet away. Didn't even bother to return it because when I think about it, I really should have known better in the first place. I really beleive they systematically only allow phones with bad reception to counterbalance the unlimited data. Reminds me of the movie when the guy is like "You can't handle the truth!" lol.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Love the ZTE warp 7. I had a Samsung Galaxy S III and just had to replace it due to the port not wanting to charge anymore. The volume, speaker, ND camera are much better in my opinion. The battery life is exceptional! Very happy with my purchase.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Very well worth it!. If I said this phone was bad, I would be a cold faced lier! This phone runs like a beast, as it has a crazy battery life, is very fast, and has most recent updates of marshmallow! It's a deal breaker, 70-100$ , and it's just as good, or even better then an iPhone 6!. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Picky son likes. I purchased this for my adult son, who is very picky about his electronics. He seems to like it, so I guess it deserves five stars!. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Very good budget phone. Very good budget phone! 5.5 screen is big! The battery life is much longer compared to my previous old Note5. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Very Bad Warp 7. Alarm clock that came with phone has not worked. Tech service has not a clue of what to do. Google+ checks for messages constantly and drains battery in 4 hours. Most reviews on this phone are much better than mine. Perhaps I got a bad phone but, it's going back to Amazon.. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Amazing. Was this review helpful to you?. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. One of the better phones I have had.. Was this review helpful to you?. Two years in, this is still the champ.I love it, super-fast processor, large battery so charge goes on and on and also charges quickly, LTE, speakers, reception, and great phone... 5.0 out of 5 stars Awesome product! Love it as much 1 1/2 years later. I bought this phone at the Best Buy not through Amazon. I've had it for 8 months. It randomly closes out an app when I'm using it - now it will act as if I don't have... 3.0 out of 5 stars Choose a different brand. And it shut my daughter up from screaming she didn't have a decent smart phone.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. I've had a ZTE phone through boost before, and wasn't terribly happy. I bought it at one of the stores and the sales person warned me to stay away, but the price was right at the... 5.0 out of 5 stars and wasn't terribly happy. I bought it at one of the .... Phone started glitching shortly after I got it. 2.0 out of 5 stars Do not buy the ZTE. I had 2 of these phones and both times the screen died completely and ZTE would not help me. I guess that's what you get for a cheap phone now.. 1.0 out of 5 stars No. Amazing for the price and has a lot of cool features. 5.0 out of 5 stars Amazing for the price. Bought as a gift and it works perfectly so far! Really good price for a smart phone. 5.0 out of 5 stars Works well so far!. Great phone! Amazing and works for testing Android Apps.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Buy it for Testing Apps.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great price. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid - Carrier Locked (Boost Mobile). Apple iPhone 5c Unlocked Cellphone, 16GB, White. Alcatel A30 GSM Unlocked Smartphone (AT&T/T-Mobile) - 5" HD Display, 16 GB, 5MP Selfie Camera, and Android 7.0 Nougat [Black]. LG Tribute HD - Prepaid - Carrier Locked - Virgin Mobile. Apple iPhone 5C 16 GB Unlocked, Green. ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid - Carrier Locked (Virgin Mobile). See and discover other items: boost mobile , corning glass , zte warp 7 , phone mobile , prepaid mobile phones , prepaid wireless. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. ZTE Warp 7 costs $100 on Boost Mobile, available September 5. Following on the heels of its $100 ZMax Pro, ZTE announces the Warp 7, available on September 5 for Boost.. by August 30, 2016 6:30 AM PDT. The Warp 7 is ZTE's latest offering for Boost Mobile.. ZTE's latest affordable handset is the Warp 7, a $100 phone available on September 5. The device is compatible with carriers using both CDMA and GSM technology, but it will be sold through Boost Mobile, which uses Sprint's CDMA network.. The Warp 7 features a 5.5-inch display (720-pixel resolution), a 1.2 quad-core processor and a removable 3,080mAh battery. For your photo needs, it has a 13-megapixel rear-facing camera and a 5-megapixel shooter in the front. It runs Android Marshmallow 6.0 and has 16GB of memory that you can expand up to 64GB with a microSD card.. The Warp 7 follows ZTE's other $100 prepaid handset, the ZMax Pro , which was announced in July for MetroPCS. Despite a similar price tag, the ZMax Pro has slightly better specs, including a 6-inch screen with a sharper 1,080-pixel resolution, an octa-core Snapdragon 617 processor and a 3,400mAh battery.. Still, Boost Mobile's handset is a pretty decent deal and we'll know more once we get our hands on it. But on paper, the ZMax Pro looks to be the better choice (for now) if you're looking for an inexpensive prepaid phone.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
http:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ articles/ article.php? a=18293. Review: ZTE Warp 7 for Boost Mobile. ZTE's low-cost Warp 7 finds itself amongst some fierce competition in the middle of Boost Mobile's lineup of Android smartphone. This big-screened handset has conservative styling, but scores well on core functions such as call quality and battery life. The Warp 7 is an inexpensive Android handset from ZTE. It boasts a large screen, decent camera, and a removable battery. If you prefer prepaid cellular service and want an affordable daily driver, the Warp 7 is a phone worth considering.. The ZTE Warp 7 is a big phone that doesn't cost a whole lot. The design is rather uninspired, but I suppose you can't ask for too much at this price point. It's a large slab of plastic with aggressively rounded corners and a soap-bar look. The shape helps make the phone easier to hold and use.. I'm glad that ZTE broke up the Warp 7's coloring a bit. The front is black glass, the outer frame is metal-colored, and the back is a dark gray. Each color has its own texture: The glass is perfectly smooth, the frame is somewhat grainy, and the rear panel feels exactly like a rock that's been sitting at the bottom of a river for millennia. It's not an inspired look, but at least the Warp 7 isn't solid black.. The phone's curves go a long way to negate the large-ish footprint. The Warp 7 is more than 6 inches tall and three inches wide, and rather thick (by modern standards) at 9.1mm front to back. The front glass is curved along the edges, which are themselves rounded as they bend their way toward the rear panel. The front surface is a bit wider than the rear; the sides angle in just a smidge. This lets the phone sit a bit deeper in your hand. The rounded corners mean there are no sharp edges anywhere to dig into your skin. The phone may still be too big for people with small hands, but I found it decent enough for one-handed use. You can jam it into most pockets easily, but the texture of the rear surface means it will sometimes catch the lining of your pocket.. The materials and build quality are fine. The 2.5D glass is really nice, and though not metal, the polycarbonate frame feels strong and prevents the phone from flexing. The rear panel is perfectly formed and fits against the frame snugly. The joint between the two is seamless. The Warp 7 is solid through and through, and not cheap in any way.. The front of the phone is rather typical for a ZTE device. There are modest bezels above and below the screen, but almost none along the sides. ZTE likes to put capacitive buttons below the display and that's what's lining the chin of the Warp 7. The home button is a simple circle, and the back/multitask keys to either side are even smaller round, blue dots. All of the physical buttons are on the right side of the phone. The screen lock key is closest to the center. The profile is a bit subtle, but travel and feedback are good. The volume buttons are split into two separate keys with the exact same size, shape, and profile as the screen lock button. This probably isn't the best strategy, as I often found myself adjusting the volume or turning the screen off when I meant to do the other. The good news is the volume buttons also have good travel and feedback.. You'll find a standard 3.5mm headset jack on the top edge and the USB-C (surprise!) port on the bottom. Remember that USB-C — while newer and better — is still less common that microUSB, meaning some accessories may not be compatible.. Though the rear panel fits snugly to the frame, there's a notch in one corner that gives you all the leverage you need to yank it off with relative ease. The battery, which is removable, is flat-out huge. You need to pull the battery to access the SIM card, but you can hot-swap the memory card any time you want.. For what it is, the Warp 7 is a really decent piece of hardware. It's no glass-and-metal masterclass in design, but it's well-made, functional, and above-average at this price.. The Warp 7's display measures 5.5 inches and offers 720p resolution. This isn't the best size/pixel ratio in the market, but the screen looks decent just the same. I was only able to spot individual pixels when I held the phone a few inches from my eyes. That means images, icons, and other on-screen elements look clean and sharp. The LCD panel produces enough brightness for indoor use, but struggles just a bit outdoors under the sun. Viewing angles are pretty good with little color shift or brightness drop-off when the phone is tilted. It's a fine screen for this class of phone.. Boost operates on Sprint's network around the U.S. The device performed on par with other Boost handsets I've tested in the greater New York area. The Warp 7 did a good job connecting calls throughout Manhattan and northern New Jersey. The phone was able to maintain calls at highways speeds without problem. The phone didn't drop or miss any calls while I reviewed it. Data performance was fine for a prepaid device, but not a quick as I prefer. YouTube videos and Spotify tracks streamed over the network were sometimes choppy. Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram — all image- and video-intensive apps — worked very well on the Warp 7.. I was pleased with the Warp 7's call quality. The phone produces mostly clean audio and the earpiece is audible in most places. Clarity is consistent at low and high volumes, which is something I appreciate. There was no distortion no matter the volume setting. I was able to plainly hear calls while walking around Manhattan, sipping a cappuccino at Starbucks, or frequenting my favorite diner. Those I spoke to through the Warp 7 said I sounded very good.. The rear-mounted speaker delivers the best quality when the phone is sitting on a hard, flat surface such as a table or desk. Clarity is excellent and there's little distortion. Speakerphone volume is acceptable, but could be better for noisy spaces.. Ringers and alerts are just shy of awesome. The vibrate alert was strong enough to get my attention most of the time.. ZTE packed a 3,080 mAh power supply into the Warp 7, and it's more than enough to power the phone from breakfast to bedtime. At the end of the day it typically still had 30% left, and that was with heavy testing, including processor-intensive apps like Prisma and games. The phone's battery gets the job done.. The Warp 7 does support fast charging, but ZTE hasn't specified which standard or how fast it powers up. The phone ships with a QuickCharge 1.0-spec charger.. The Warp 7's Bluetooth radio functions well enough. The phone paired with a range of Bluetooth accessories, including headsets, speakers, and computers. The device delivered average quality calls through headsets and my car's hands-free system. Music sounded just okay via Bluetooth speakers.. Together with Google Maps, the Warp 7 was able to field my general location in several seconds. It took closer to 15 seconds to truly lock down my exact location, and accuracy was as good as about 15 feet. Google Maps worked well as a driving navigation tool, but it sometimes lagged my real location when traveling at highway speeds.. The WiFi radio worked very well. The Warp 7 doesn't have NFC.. Boost Mobile Scores the ZTE Warp 7. Boost Mobile today announced the ZTE Warp 7, a low-cost, big-screened Android smartphone. The Warp 7 features a 5.5-inch 720p HD display, 1.2 GHz quad-core Snapdragon processor, 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB of storage.. Review: ZTE Max XL for Boost Mobile. ZTE's latest slab for Boost Mobile is the monstrous Max XL. It boasts a 6-inch screen, 3,990mAh battery, and the latest build of Android 7 Nougat from Google.. Review: LG Stylo 3 for Boost Mobile. LG's third-generation Stylo for Boost Mobile includes a large screen, stylus, big battery, and advanced software. This mid-range Android handset delivers an uneven experience, but there's middle ground to appreciate.. Review: ZTE Warp Sync for Boost Mobile. This Android phone for Boost Mobile covers the basics in a plain, but usable package. Budget shoppers who prefer pre-paid services might enjoy its stick-to-the-basics approach.. Review: Samsung Galaxy J3 for Boost Mobile. The Galaxy J3 may not look like much, but it performs far better than its meager price point would suggest. It's not perfect, but this low-cost Android smartphone for Boost Mobile is a good pick if you're looking for something in the middle of the pack.. 2 GB RAM 3,080 mAh battery. Memory Card Slot, Headphone Jack (3.5mm). Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
Software Updates - ZTE Warp 7. Insert or Remove the UICC Card. Initial Sign In and First Use. Troubleshoot issues related to text messaging on your ZTE Warp 7. Troubleshoot shortened battery life on your ZTE Warp 7. Troubleshoot charging issues on your ZTE Warp 7. Troubleshoot issues related to data connectivity and your ZTE Warp 7. Troubleshoot issues related to making and receiving calls on your ZTE Warp 7. 
https:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ phones/ phone.php? p=5098. 720 x 1280 pixels 267 ppi. 3080 mAh LiPolymer Removable Talk: 26 hours max. MSM8916 quad-core 2 GB RAM. 16 GB raw hardware 10.4 GB available to user Expandable via memory card. 13+ megapixel LED flash, auto-focus HDR, panorama, multi-exposure, smile detection, manual mode, timer Video: 1080p HD. 6.07 x 3 x 0.36 in. 154 x 76 x 9.1 mm. Rating: M4, T4 (very tele-coil compatible). Languages Supported: English, Spanish, Chinese, German, Filipino, French, Italian, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Korean, Japanese, more.... Supported Profiles: HSP 1.2, HFP 1.7, OPP , FTP , PBA , A2DP 1.2, AVRC 1.5, HID , PAN , MAP version 4.1. Connector: USB Type C. Version(s): 802.11 b,g,n supports Wi-Fi Direct. Type: Capacitive Gorilla Glass 3. Card Type: microSD up to 64 GB. Find a mistake or omission? Submit a Correction. This close cousin of the well-regarded Grand X 3 has a better camera and support for CDMA networks. Other features are similar, including curved-edge glass and fast charging over USB Type-C. This affordable Android phone also has a huge 5.5-inch screen, removable battery, and memory card slot.. LTE 2 / 4 / 5 / 12 / 25 / 26 / 41. WCDMA 2 / 4 / 5. CDMA 800 / 850 / 1900. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. band 2 (II) / 1900 MHz. band 4 (IV) / 1700 MHz. band 5 (V) / 850 MHz. 800 MHz / band 27 / BC10. 850 MHz / band 5 / BC0. 1900 MHz / band 2 / BC1. Review: ZTE Warp 7 for Boost Mobile. Subscribe to updates on this phone with RSS. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. Release date: Sep 5, 2016. Low pixel density screen (267 ppi). The ZTE Warp 7 features a 5.5-inches, 720p display. The phone is powered by 1.2GHz quad-core processor, 2GB of RAM and 16 gigs of expandable internal storage. There is a 13-megapixel camera on the back and a 5-megapixel selfie snapper on the front. The Warp 7 is powered by 3080mAh battery and runs Android 6.0.1.. Indicates that this field is show only in Full Specs mode. Dimensions: 6.07 x 2.99 x 0.36 inches (154.2 x 75.9 x 9.1 mm). Weight: 5.6 oz (159 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Keys: Right: Volume control, Lock/Unlock key. Resolution: 720 x 1280 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Smile detection, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Quad-core, 1200 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Type: User replaceable, Li - Ion. Talk time: 26.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Supported formats: MP3, AAC, AAC+, eAAC+, FLAC, WAV, M4A (Apple lossless), AMR, OGG, MIDI. Supported formats: MPEG4, H.263, H.264, AVI, 3GP. Built-in online services support: YouTube (upload), Picasa/Google+. GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 4, 5, 12, 25, 26. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSPA. CDMA - Code Division Multiple Access. A technique of multiplexing, also called spread spectrum, in which analog signals are converted into digital form for transmission. For each communication channel, the signals are encoded in a sequence known to the transmitter and the receiver for that channel. The foremost application is digital cellular phone technology from QUALCOMM that operates in the 800MHz band and 1.9GHz PCS band. CDMA phones are noted for their excellent call quality and long battery life.. Notifications: Haptic feedback, Music ringtones (MP3), Polyphonic ringtones, Vibration, Flight mode, Silent mode, Speakerphone. Phonebook: Unlimited entries, Caller groups, Multiple numbers per contact, Search by both first and last name, Picture ID, Ring ID. Organizer: Calendar, Alarm, Flashlight, Calculator, World clock, Stopwatch, Countdown timer. Messaging: SMS, MMS, Threaded view, Predictive text input. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. Profiles/ Protocols: Advanced Audio Distribution (A2DP), Audio/Video Distribution Transport Protocol (AVDTP), Audio/Visual Remote Control Profile (AVRCP), Generic Audio/Video Distribution (GAVDP), Generic Object Exchange (GOEP), Handsfree (HFP), Headset (HSP), HID over GATT Profile, Human Interface Device (HID), Message Access Profile (MAP), OBEX, Object Push (OPP), Personal Area Networking Profile (PAN), Phone Book Access (PBAP), Service Discovery Application (SDAP). Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: VoIP, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 05 Sep 2016. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct ZTE Warp 7 specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $95 Buy. ZTE Warp 7 arrives at Boost Mobile on September 5th, priced at $99.99. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
You have to switch off the phone by holding down the. Power button for a couple of seconds. Power key for a few seconds. You have to release held keys when you see the Boot Mode in front of you. Then scroll down to Recovery by using the Volume Up and press Volume Down button to confirm it. In order to open the Recovery Mode menu hold down the Power key for a short while. While holding the Power key press the Volume Up once. to select " wipe data/factory reset " and tap the. Afterwards choose " yes " from the menu, and accept it with. When a Recovery Mode appears again on the screen accept option " reboot system now " using. The hard reset operation should be completed. If this was useful, please share to help others and follow us on. WARNING ! Hard Reset will erase all of your data All described operations you are doing at your own risk.. How to reset SAMSUNG Galaxy S9+?. Read about resetting SAMSUNG Galaxy S9+. How to reset SAMSUNG Galaxy S9?. Read about resetting SAMSUNG Galaxy S9. How to reset MOTOROLA Moto X4?. Read about resetting MOTOROLA Moto X4. 
Troubleshoot issues related to text messaging on your ZTE Warp 7. This article helps troubleshoot text messaging issues on your ZTE Warp 7. Troubleshoot shortened battery life on your ZTE Warp 7. This article helps you troubleshoot battery life issues on your ZTE Warp 7. Troubleshoot charging issues on your ZTE Warp 7. This article helps troubleshoot charging issues on your ZTE Warp 7. Troubleshoot issues related to data connectivity and your ZTE Warp 7. This article helps you troubleshoot data connectivity issues on your ZTE Warp 7. Troubleshoot issues related to making and receiving calls on your ZTE Warp 7. This article helps troubleshoot making or receiving calls on your ZTE Warp 7. Troubleshoot issues related to mobile hotspots and your ZTE Warp 7. This article helps troubleshoot mobile hotspot issues on your ZTE Warp 7. Troubleshoot call volume on your ZTE Warp 7. This article helps troubleshoot in-call sound quality on your ZTE Warp 7. Troubleshoot issues related to Bluetooth and your ZTE Warp 7. This article helps you troubleshoot Bluetooth issues on your ZTE Warp 7. Troubleshoot when your ZTE Warp 7 slows, freezes, or turns off unexpectedly. This article helps troubleshoot your ZTE Warp 7 slowing, freezing, or turning off unexpectedly. Troubleshoot issues related to email on your ZTE Warp 7. This article helps troubleshoot email issues on your ZTE Warp 7. Troubleshoot when your ZTE Warp 7 doesn't turn on. This article helps troubleshoot your ZTE Warp 7 not turning on. Troubleshoot issues related to low internal memory on your ZTE Warp 7. This article helps you troubleshoot low internal memory issues on your ZTE Warp 7. Troubleshoot issues related to Wi-Fi connectivity on your ZTE Warp 7. This article helps troubleshoot Wi-Fi connectivity issues on your ZTE Warp 7. Troubleshoot issues related to apps on your ZTE Warp 7. This article helps troubleshoot malfunctioning applications on your ZTE Warp 7. Troubleshoot issues related to the touchscreen on your ZTE Warp 7. This article helps troubleshoot the touchscreen not responding on your ZTE Warp 7. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. ZTE Warp 7 - Phone Cases & Covers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. ZTE Warp 7 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Black. ZTE Warp 7 -Felt Wool SmartPhone Sleeve,Gray. Keeps your phone safe from scratches, dents and cracks. Built-in pocket for cards, cash and other small items. Rounded corners for a comfortable fit in your pocket. ZTE Warp 7 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Camel Brown. ZTE Warp 7 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Dark Blue. ZTE Warp 7 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Gray. ZTE Warp 7 -Frosted TPU Case, Black. Offers unrivaled protection for the {brand-model}. Say goodbye to bumps, dings, dust, nicks and scratches. Allows complete access to all buttons, features and ports. ZTE Warp 7 -Splash Guardz Camo Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Brown. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Red. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Phones More Products Support Blog Forum Store. Phones More Products Support Blog Forum Store. Smart, simple and secure, Warp 7 is built to last.. BUY WARP 7 VIA BOOST MOBILE. The ZTE Warp 7 runs on Android ™ M, and is powered by a lighting-fast, power-saving 1.2 GHz Quad-Core processor. Enjoy 26 hours of talk time on a single charge, and do it all on a vibrant 5.5" Gorilla ® Glass touchscreen display.. A 13MP rear-facing camera and a 5MP front-facing camera let you take striking photos and capture the perfect selfie.. Going overseas? Talk, explore and more with Warp 7’s GSM/UMTS roaming capabilities.. Be the first to learn about our newest items, promotions and events.. © 1998 - 2017 ZTE Corporation and ZTE USA. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for zte warp 7. All Listings - Current page. results for zte warp 7. Save zte warp 7 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow zte warp 7 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. ZTE Warp 7 N9519 Cell Phone Black 16GB Smartphone damaged cracked touchscreen. ZTE Warp 7 16GB for Boost Mobile or Sprint Good IMEI Excellent Condition ZTE9519. 2 new & refurbished from $79.99. For ZTE Warp 7 Case ZTE Grand X3 Z959 Liquid Protective Cases HD Screen Protecto. ZTE Warp 7 Case, INNOVAA Turbulent Armor Case W/ Free Screen Protector &... Boost Mobile - ZTE Warp 7 4G LTE with 16GB Memory 5.5 Prepaid Cell Phone - Black. 2 new & refurbished from $79.99. ZTE WARP 7 N9519, POWERS ON, BROKEN SCREEN, BAD ESN A10-1. ZTE Warp 7 16GB LTE Smartphone for Boost Mobile – BRAND NEW!. ZTE Warp 7 (N9519) Black 16GB (Boost) Smartphone Spotty Touch ESN/IMEI? 15114. ZTE Warp 7 Boost Mobile (N9519) Black 16GB Smartphone Cracked ESN/IMEI? 10201. ZTE Warp 7 Android 6.0 No Contract 5.5" Inch Screen 13MP Camera. 2 new & refurbished from $79.99. ZTE Warp 7 Boost Mobile N9519 Black 16GB Smartphone Damaged LCD ESN/IMEI? 13609. ZTE Warp 7 (N9519) Black 16GB (Boost) Small Imperfection ESN/IMEI? 15329. ZTE WARP 7 BOOST MOBILE NEW IN BOX. Skinomi Light Wood Skin+Clear Screen Protector for ZTE Warp 7. ZTE Warp 7 Case,ZTE Grand X3 Z959 Liquid Case with HD Screen Protector,LeYi ... ZTE Warp 7 N9519 Boost Mobile Black Clean ESN - Cracked Glass GOOGLE LOCKED 🔒. ZTE Warp 7 16GB LTE Smartphone for Boost Mobile  New. ZTE Warp 7 16GB (Boost Mobile) Black - CRACKED GLASS. ZTE Warp 7 (Boost Mobile) Bad ESN. For ZTE Grand X 3 | Warp 7 Z959 Holster Clip Stand Dual Hybrid Protective Case. Skinomi Pink Carbon Fiber Skin+Clear Screen Protector for ZTE Warp 7. For ZTE Warp Elite Z9518 Design Bling Hybrid Hard Rubber Silicone Case Cover. For ZTE Grand X3 Z959/ Warp 7 N9519 Bling Hybrid Hard Rubber Silicone Case Cover. ZTE Warp - N860 - 4GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Boost Smartphone. ZTE Warp Sequent N861 - 4GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone. Boost Mobile ZTE Warp Sync N9515 8GB Android 4G LTE Black Smartphone - NEW. 12 Lot ZTE Warp 4G N9510 8GB Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone. ZTE Warp 4G N9510 Boost Mobile Phone, Clean ESN, Parts / repair. ZTE N9518 Warp Elite (Boost Mobile) BAD LCD CRACKED SCREEN FOR PARTS. ZTE Warp N860 - 4GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone. ZTE Warp Elite N9518 16GB Black (Boost Mobile) Damaged LCD ESN/IMEI? 14299. ZTE Warp N860 4GB Black Sprint MVNO's Mobile Android Smartphone - 2GB Extra Inc. ZTE Warp Sequent N861 - 4GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone. ZTE Warp N860 - 4GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone. ZTE Warp N860 - 4GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone - IMEI-Clean Read. ZTE Warp 4G N9510 - 8GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone Defective. ZTE Warp Sequent N861 - 4GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone. ZTE Warp N860 - 4GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone. ZTE Warp Sequent N861 - 4GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone. ZTE Warp 4G N9510 - 8GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone. ZTE Warp Sequent - 4GB - Black (Boost Mobile) (for parts read description). ZTE Warp Sequent - 4GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone Clean ESN AS IS Cracked. ZTE Warp Elite N9518 - 16GB - Black Smartphone Bad LCD Screen. ZTE Warp Sequent N861 - 4GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone. ZTE N9515 Warp Sync (Boost Mobile) Clean ESN - 8GB Android - Smartphone Black. ZTE Warp Elite (Boost Mobile) Clean ESN. ZTE N9519 Warp 7 =BOOST MOBILE= PARTS , REPAIR ONLY =. Boost Mobile ZTE N9515 Warp Sync 4G LTE GSM Smart Android Phone Unknown ESN. For ZTE Blade Force | ZTE Warp 8 N9517 (2017) Dual Bumper Case Camos Designs. For ZTE Warp Elite N9518 Hybrid PU Leather Flip Wallet Pouch Phone Case W/Stand. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Not finding what you're looking for? Save zte warp 7 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Phones up to $ 270 Off. Up To $ 150 Off. 4 Lines $ 25 /mo. Choose from Unlimited Data, Family Plans, international calling options, and Wi-Fi Hotspot Plans.. Get your next phone for as low as $1 down. Sign into My Account to see if you qualify.. Managing your account should be easy, and with the My Boost App, it is.. We're looking for energetic retailers to join our award-winning brand.. Shop our outrageous deals on the newest and most popular phones. Or bring your own phone to Boost*.. Get a head start & check out our excellent unlimited data plans while you wait for your order.. When your phone or SIM kit arrives, follow the steps to activate your Boost Mobile service!. *Available only for eligible devices, to see if your phone is compatible, visit our FAQs.. installment agreement, 0% APR, & qualifying device & service plan. Eligible customers can finance up to $300. A down payment is required at time of upgrade. Sales taxes for full purchase price due at the time of the sale. If you cancel wireless service, remaining balance on device becomes due.. Plans: Plans include unlimited domestic talk, text, data (applicable high-speed monthly data allotment), 50 domestic voice roaming minutes (select devices) and 411 Directory Assistance calls (interactive voice services only). The total sales price includes the charge for (1) services and (2) taxes and fees. Funds must be added within 60 days of mo. Family Plan: Up to 5 lines total. Secondary lines responsible for add-on purchases that are not part of the monthly pymt. Data Terms: Once plan’s high-speed data allotment reached, speeds reduced to 2G until monthly plan cycle ends. Unlimited voice and data services are on-network only. Unlimited 4G LTE data where available.. Quality of Service Practices (QoS): Unlimited Gigs customers who use more than 23GB of data during a billing cycle will be de-prioritized during times and places where the Sprint network is constrained. See sprint.com/networkmanagement for details.. Mobile Hotspot, VPN & P2P: Mobile hotspot limited to applicable allotment on the unlimited plans. Other plans, usage draws from high-speed data allotment and limited to 2G speeds once monthly allotment reached.. Unlimited Music Streaming: Some streaming partners may req. paid subscription or assess other fees. Cloud streaming, song downloads, video content, non-audio content & other data sent by streaming partners (e.g., pic advertisements, album art) excluded. Visit boostmobile.com/datafreemusic for details.. Other terms: Boost has no annual svc. is subject to terms & conditions. Sprint 4G LTE network reaches over 290 million people. Boost reserves the right to change or cancel offer at any time. Prohibited network use rules & other restrictions apply.. 
Menu Login Sign Up. Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. How Much Data Do I Need. Wirefly helps you save on Internet service by offering innovative comparison tools to compare Internet providers in your area.. Compare Internet by ZIP Code Compare Internet & TV Bundles Compare Business Internet. Test your current internet connection with our speed test and see what services your provider can handle. Find out your download speed, upload speed, latency, and more.. Test Your Internet Speed Internet Speed Test. Compare Cell Phones > ZTE. Purchase with a plan or or. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. ZTE Warp 7 is an Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow smartphone with a 5.5-inch IPS LCD display, 720x1280 resolution, and 267ppi index. It is equipped with a 1.2GHz Quad-Core processor and 2GB of RAM. There is an onboard storage of 16GB plus a microSD card slot for up to 32GB memory expansion. For photos, the device has a 13MP rear-facing camera with HD video recording and a 5MP camera in front. The 3080 mAh Li-Ion removable battery has the ability to last up to 20 hours of talk time.. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile CREDO Mobile GIV Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Project Fi Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Expert Review User reviews. Get $100 off iPhone 7 or 7 Plus. Limited Time Offer on Samsill DUO 2-in-1 Organizer, 1 Inch 3 Ring Binder + 7 Pocket Accordion / Expanding File (school / Tax Organizer), Coral.. Limited Time Offer on GAMDIAS Erebos Laser MOBA Gaming Mouse with 8200 DPI, Adjustable Side Panels, Weight System and 7 Programmable Buttons(GMS7510).. Limited Time Offer on GAMDIAS Hades GMS7001 Optical FPS Gaming Mouse 3 Set Ambidextrous Adjustable Side Panels 7 Programmable Buttons, Omron Micro Switches.. Limited Time Offer on Star Wars The Force Awakens Episode 7 Rey Finn Chewbacca and R2D2 C 3PO BB 8 Easy To Use Durable Kid Friendy Static Free Character Graphics FRS Walkie Talkies.. Limited Time Offer on Get 7 issues for only $1.43 each.. Limited Time Offer on Get 7 issues for only $5.71 each.. Limited Time Offer on Get 7 issues for only $4.99 each.. Limited Time Offer on Get 7 issues for only $3.28 each.. Limited Time Offer on Get 7 issues for only $3.57 each.. Google Lens lands on other non.... Google: Over 40 phone and carr.... Galaxy S9 could hit stores on.... LG to announce new models of K.... Report: Verizon is tops in App.... Apple rolls out fix for messag.... Can An iPhone Get a Virus?. How To Spot A Good Android Phone. How To Transfer Contacts To A New C.... iPhone Stuck on Apple Logo and How.... The 5 Best Bitcoin Wallets for iPho.... Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. Wirefly helps you save on cell phones and plans by offering innovative comparison tools so consumers can make educated choices. Find The Best TV and Internet Providers For You. Paying too much for Internet or TV service? Use our tool to compare Internet providers, TV providers, and bundled services.. Moto Z Play Samsung Gear S3 Classic ZTE Nubia Z11 Samsung Gear S3 Frontier LG V20 Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm ZTE Lever Samsung Galaxy E5. Wirefly Is America's Most Trusted Source For All Cell Phones, Plans, TV, and Internet Deals. Wirefly offers great deals on a large selection of smartphones, cell phones, tablets, mobile hotspots, and other wireless devices for the nation's most popular carriers. Use Wirefly’s innovative cell phone and plan comparison tools to ensure you are getting the best deal on the market. Shop with confidence knowing that Wirefly wants to help you find the best prices on cell phones, cell phone plans, TV, and Internet service.. Privacy Policy | Term of Use | Contact | About Us. WireFly.com © 2018 All Rights Reserved. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. eBay > Cell Phones & Accessories > Cell Phones & Smartphones. ZTE Warp 7 N9519 Boost Mobile 16gb Smartphone. More items related to this product. item 1 ZTE Warp 7 Boost Mobile (N9519) Black 16GB Smartphone Cracked ESN/IMEI? 10201 - ZTE Warp 7 Boost Mobile (N9519) Black 16GB Smartphone Cracked ESN/IMEI? 10201. item 2 ZTE Warp 7 Boost Mobile N9519 Black 16GB Smartphone Damaged LCD ESN/IMEI? 13609 - ZTE Warp 7 Boost Mobile N9519 Black 16GB Smartphone Damaged LCD ESN/IMEI? 13609. item 3 ZTE Warp 7 16GB LTE Smartphone for Boost Mobile  New - ZTE Warp 7 16GB LTE Smartphone for Boost Mobile  New. item 4 Samsung Galaxy J7 SM-J700 - 16GB - White (Boost Mobile) Smartphone With Extras! - Samsung Galaxy J7 SM-J700 - 16GB - White (Boost Mobile) Smartphone With Extras!. item 5 ZTE Warp 7 16GB LTE Smartphone for Boost Mobile – BRAND NEW! - ZTE Warp 7 16GB LTE Smartphone for Boost Mobile – BRAND NEW!. item 6 ZTE Warp Elite - 16GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone - ZTE Warp Elite - 16GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone. item 7 ZTE MAX XL - 16GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone - ZTE MAX XL - 16GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone. item 8 ZTE Warp 7 16GB for Boost Mobile or Sprint Good IMEI Excellent Condition ZTE9519 - ZTE Warp 7 16GB for Boost Mobile or Sprint Good IMEI Excellent Condition ZTE9519. Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Black Onyx (Verizon) Smartphone. $306.99 New $99.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. $299.99 New $139.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950U - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $569.00 New $389.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone. $199.99 New $104.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Charcoal Black (AT&T) Smartphone. $139.99 New $71.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Shimmery White (AT&T) Smartphone. $129.99 New $60.00 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8+ SM-G955 - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $606.15 New $340.00 Used. Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930V 4G LTE 32GB 4RAM 5.1" HD 12MP Android Unlocked Phone NEW. New Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950U - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone Unlocked. "NEW" Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A AT&T Unlocked 16GB Phone Shadow - all Colors. Inbox New Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB Shimmery White - AT&T - GSM Unlocked. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- You may also like. ZTE Warp Elite Boost Mobile 16GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. ZTE Boost Mobile 16GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. ZTE Warp Elite Boost Mobile Cell Phones & Smartphones. 16GB ZTE Warp Elite Cell Phones & Smartphones. 4G Data Capable, Bluetooth Enabled, 3G Data Capable, Touchscreen, Internet Browser, Music Player, Wi-Fi Capable, Speakerphone, Front Camera, Voice-Activated Dialing, GPS, Dual-Lens Camera, Charger Cord, 4 g. We have ratings, but no written reviews for this, yet.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Explore Buying Guides. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Smartphone. 6 Reasons to Choose a T-Mobile iPhone. How to Buy an HTC HD7. What Makes the Sony Xperia Miro a Social Smartphone?. How to Buy a T-Mobile iPhone on eBay. This item doesn't belong on this page.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. The ZTE Warp 7 is a 4G LTE smartphone with a 5.5-inch IPS LCD display, 720x1280 resolution and 267ppi index. From within, a 1.2GHz Quad-Core processor operates with 2GB of RAM. Onboard storage is 16GB with a microSD card slot for up to 32GB memory expansion. The device has a 13MP rear-facing camera with HD video recording quality and a 5MP camera in front. Upon release, the phone runs on Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow OS. The 3080mAh battery included on the device is removable and can last up to 20 hours of talk time.. See Available Plans or get it unlocked here. Apple iPad mini with Retina Display. Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket Credo Mobile SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Expert Review User reviews. Get $100 off iPhone 7 or 7 Plus. Deal of the Day: Get a Fire 7 Tablet with Rosetta Stone 24 Month Online Subscription.. iPhone 7 32GB - All colors Was: $649 Now: $549.. Limited Time Offer on Samsill DUO 2-in-1 Organizer, 1 Inch 3 Ring Binder + 7 Pocket Accordion / Expanding File (school / Tax Organizer), Coral.. Limited Time Offer on GAMDIAS Erebos Laser MOBA Gaming Mouse with 8200 DPI, Adjustable Side Panels, Weight System and 7 Programmable Buttons(GMS7510).. Limited Time Offer on GAMDIAS Hades GMS7001 Optical FPS Gaming Mouse 3 Set Ambidextrous Adjustable Side Panels 7 Programmable Buttons, Omron Micro Switches.. Limited Time Offer on Star Wars The Force Awakens Episode 7 Rey Finn Chewbacca and R2D2 C 3PO BB 8 Easy To Use Durable Kid Friendy Static Free Character Graphics FRS Walkie Talkies.. Limited Time Offer on Get 7 issues for only $1.43 each.. Limited Time Offer on Nilight 7 36w Spot LED Work Light Off Road LED Light Bar 12v Driving Lights Super Bright for Jeep Cabin Boat SUV Truck Car ATVs,2 Years Warranty.. Limited Time Offer on Buy 2 Fire 7 Kids Edition Tablets and Save $70. Moto Z Play Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gear S3 Classic ZTE Nubia Z11. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 16 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 13 hours ago. 1 week 12 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
The next video is starting stop. How to Hard Reset Zte Warp 7 HD. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. best guide on how to hard reset the new zte warp 7 on boost mobile, works on any carrier, subscribe for more videos shop on amazon using my link to help me earn commission: http://amzn.to/29wyLYF donate to make my channel better: https://www.gofundme.com/22v2ns44 support me on patreon: https://www.patreon.com/dragonicwarfare love my content, if so leave me a tip on paypal using my link: https://www.paypal.me/dragonicwarfare try amazon prime free for 30 days, fast free 2 day shipping: https://www.amazon.com/tryprimefree?r... social media: Twitter: @dragonicmobile Instagram: @cd5sanchez Facebook: dragonicwarfare snapchat: smunter3. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Easy Way To Bypass Google Account Verification (New). N9132 N9517 N9518 N9519 N9521 warp 7 frp bypass google account cuenta eliminada. How to easily remove Google Account from ZTE devices (tested on T-mobile ZTE Obsydian). Axon 7 Durability Test - Scratch, Burn, Bend - ZTE. GOOGLE ACCOUNT BYPASS WITHOUT WIFI VODAFONE. How to bypass Google FRP in 5 min or less. Unlock ZTE Warp 7 N9519 CDMA+GSM Free BY YemenDeveLoperS-Team. Bypass Google Account ZTE n9132 And Unlock (Boost Mobile)- FRP Prestige - Method 2017. How to bypass google account for ZTE. ZTE ZMAX BOOTLOOP PLEASE HELP phone. Bypass Google Account ZTE z832 6.0.1 And Unlock - FRP Sonata 3 - Method 2017. How To Unlock ZTE / All models Z667 / Compel / Avail / Z667 / Radiant / Z998 / AT&T / etc.. Boost Max Plus Google Verify (SOLVED). How to fix your ZTE phone when it wont turn on. How to Unlock / Sim free ZTE Warp (Boost Mobile) 100% Free. Zte Warp 7 Full Review (Boost Mobile) HD. New Method!!! ALL ZTE Prestige GOOGLE ACCOUNT FRP BYPASS!! Android 5.1. ZTE ZMax Pro How To hard Reset. ZTE Grand X4 - FRP Google Bypass - NO PC/OTG 🔥HOT!!!🔥. How to hard reset ZTE Warp Elite (HD). Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Zte Manuals Cell Phone WARP 7 User manual Zte WARP 7 User Manual. Related Manuals for Zte WARP 7. Cell Phone Zte WayteQ Libra User Manual. Cell Phone Zte Warp Sync Get Started. Cell Phone Zte wp659 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte WCDMA User Manual. Cell Phone Zte ZTE-J G730 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte ZTE-G R352 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte ZTE-U V852 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte ZTE-RACER User Manual. Zte-j gota digital mobile phone (64 pages). Gsm digital mobile phone (40 pages). Cell Phone Zte ZTE-C E520 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte ZTE-G R260 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte ZTE-C N600 + User Manual. Cell Phone Zte ZTE-U V856 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte Warp Elite N9518 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte ZTE-G S505 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte ZTE-G S203 User Manual. Cdma 1x digital mobile phone (65 pages). Summary of Contents for Zte WARP 7. Page 17: Unmount The Sd Card. Page 20: Use Sd Card As Internal Storage. Page 28: Turn Your Phone On And Off. Page 39: Portrait And Landscape Screen Orientation. Page 45: Do Not Disturb Mode. Page 55: Sign In To Your Google Account. Page 57: Find And Install An App. Page 58: Request A Refund For A Paid App. Page 63: Get Help With Google Play. Page 65: Update Your Phone Firmware. Page 67: Update Your Android Operating System. Page 72: Status Bar And Notification Panel. Page 76: Customize The Home Screen. Page 78: Add Shortcuts To The Home Screen. Page 79: Add Widgets To The Home Screen. Page 80: Add Folders To The Home Screen. Page 90: In-call Screen Layout And Operations. Page 92: Place A Call From Contacts. Page 93: Call From Call Logs. Page 98: Listen To Multiple Voicemail Messages. Page 100: Configure Visual Voicemail Settings. Page 106: Sounds And Vibrate Settings. Page 112: Save A Phone Number. Page 125: Send A Multimedia Message (mms). Page 127: Save And Resume A Draft Message. Page 129: Reply To A Message, Delete A Single Message. Page 130: Text And Mms Options. Page 132: Check Received Gmail Messages. Page 138: Report Spam Or Phishing Gmail. Page 139: Add Another Google (gmail) Account. Page 140: Switching Between Gmail Accounts. Page 142: Add An Email Account. Page 144: Add An Exchange Activesync Account. Page 145: Compose And Send Email. Page 147: Delete An Email Account. Page 148: Manage Your Email Inbox. Page 149: Exchange Activesync Email Features. Page 162: View Pictures And Videos Using Gallery. Page 167: Share Pictures And Videos. Page 169: Send A Picture Or Video By Multimedia Message. Page 171: Send Pictures Or Videos Using Bluetooth. Page 173: Share Pictures Or Videos Via Additional Apps Or Social Media. Page 175: Share Videos On Youtube. Page 179: Useful Apps And Features. Page 180: Add An Event To The Calendar. Page 186: Synchronize An Exchange Activesync Calendar. Page 204: Manage Songs In A Playlist. Page 205: Set A Song As Ringtone. Page 206: Google Play Music App. Page 208: Google Play Music Screen Layout. Page 210: Create Playlists In Google Play Music. Page 216: Post A Video To Youtube. Page 233: Connect To A Paired Bluetooth Device. Page 234: Send Information Using Bluetooth. Page 237: Receive Data Via Bluetooth. Page 251: Virtual Private Networks (vpn). Page 252: Set Up Secure Credential Storage. Page 253: Connect To Or Disconnect From A Vpn. Page 254: Default Sms App Settings. Page 257: Sound & Notification Settings. Page 263: Use A Screen Unlock Pattern. Page 266: Use A Screen Unlock Pin. Page 267: Disable The Screen Lock. Page 270: Language & Input Settings. Page 279: Connect To Pc Settings. Page 286: Connect Your Printer To Your Google Account. Page 293: Boost Account Information And Help. User Guide [UG template version 15b] [boost_zte_N9519_ug_en_031616_d5].... Table of Contents Introduction..............................1 About the User Guide..........................1 Get Started ..............................2 Parts and Functions ..........................2 nano-SIM Card ............................4 SD Card ..............................6 Insert SD Card ..........................7 Unmount the SD Card ........................8 Remove SD Card .......................... Enter Text ............................38 Touchscreen Keyboards ......................38 Google Keyboard ........................38 TouchPal ............................. 40 Google Voice Typing ........................44 Tips for Editing Text ........................44 Google Account ........................... 45 Create a Google Account ......................45 Sign In to Your Google Account....................46 Google Play Store ........................... Place and Answer Calls ........................73 Call Using the Phone Dialer ......................73 Call Emergency Numbers ......................76 Answer Phone Calls ........................77 In-Call Screen Layout and Operations ..................81 Place a Call from Contacts ......................83 Call from Call Logs ........................84 Optional Services ........................... Delete a Contact ..........................108 Share a Contact ..........................109 Import Contacts ..........................110 Back Up Contacts ..........................112 Messaging and Internet ..........................115 Text and Multimedia Messaging ....................... 115 Send a Text Message ....................... 115 Send a Multimedia Message (MMS) ..................116 Save and Resume a Draft Message ................... 145 Open New Browser Tabs ......................145 Browser Settings ........................146 Chrome Browser ..........................147 Camera and Video ............................ 149 Camera Overview ..........................149 Take Pictures and Record Videos ....................149 Take a Picture ........................... Use Google Search ........................185 Use Google Voice Search ......................185 Hangouts ............................186 Google Maps ............................. 188 Music Player ............................191 Listen to Music Using the Music Player ..................191 The Playback Screen ........................ 192 Create a Playlist ........................193 Manage Playlists ......................... 221 Enable the Bluetooth Feature ....................221 Pair Bluetooth Devices ......................222 Connect to a Paired Bluetooth Device ..................224 Send Information Using Bluetooth .................... 225 Receive Data via Bluetooth ....................... 228 Settings ..............................230 Basic Settings ........................... Memory Setting ..........................268 Users Settings ........................... 268 Connect to PC Settings ........................270 Backup & Reset ..........................270 Accounts ............................273 Accessibility Settings......................... 276 Connect Your Printer to Your Google Account ................. 277 Use Cloud Print on Your Phone ....................277 Activate This Device........................... The following topics describe the basics of using this guide and your new phone. About the User Guide ® Thank you for purchasing your new ZTE Warp 7. The following topics explain how best to use this guide to get the most out of your phone.. Get Started The following topics give you all the information you need to set up your phone and wireless service the first time. Parts and Functions These topics illustrate your phone’s primary parts and key functions. Note: Your phone's screens and apps layouts are subject to change. This user guide uses sample images only.. Part Description Detects how close an object is to the surface of the screen. This is Ambient light and proximity typically used to detect when your face is pressed up against the sensor screen, such as during a phone call. Takes pictures and records videos while facing the screen, and allows Front camera lens you to video conference.. CAUTION! Inserting an accessory into the incorrect jack may damage the phone. nano-SIM Card The nano-SIM card is an IC card containing phone number and other customer information. Handling a nano-SIM Card Keep the following in mind when handling a nano-SIM card.  Lift gently in the direction shown.  Lift upward gently as shown.  Insert gently with gold IC chip facing downward.  Align the contacts of the battery with the contacts in the phone.  Make sure all the tabs are secure and there are no gaps around the cover. SD Card Your phone supports the use of an optional SD card (not included) to expand its storage capacity.. Insert SD Card Follow these steps to insert an optional SD card (not included). Make sure to power your phone off before inserting or removing an SD card.  Lift gently in the direction shown.  Make sure all the tabs are secure and there are no gaps around the cover. Unmount the SD Card Always unmounts the SD card before removing it from your phone. From home, tap Apps > Settings 2.  Lift gently in the direction shown.  Make sure all the tabs are secure and there are no gaps around the cover. Format SD Card When you insert an optional SD card for the first time, it is recommended that you format it on your phone.. Tap the SD card name below Portable storage. Tap Format, and then tap Erase & format to confirm.  All data on the SD card is erased, and the card is formatted for use on your phone. Use SD Card as Internal Storage You can use an optional SD card as an extension of the internal storage and save data, apps, and media files on it.. Tap Format as internal, and then tap Erase & format to confirm. The phone will prompt you to move your photos, files and other data from the phone storage to the SD card. Tap Move now or Move later and tap NEXT. Follow the onscreen instructions to continue.. Note: If you move files and data to the SD card, it will be used to save new apps data and personal data (such as photos and videos) and only the SD card is accessible from a computer. If you choose not to move, new apps data and personal data is saved to the phone storage and the SD card is not accessible from a computer.. Move an App Between Phone and SD Card With the SD card as part of the internal storage, you can move some apps between the card and the phone freely. From home, tap Apps > Settings > Apps. Tap the app you want to move.  The SD card is formatted and mounted to the phone as portable storage. Battery Use The following topics explain how to insert and remove your phone’s battery. Battery Cautions Storage: Avoid storing or leaving battery with no charge remaining. Saved information and settings may become lost or changed, or battery may become unusable. Charge once every six months before storing or leaving unused for a long period..  Align the contacts of the battery with the contacts in the phone.  Make sure all the tabs are secure and there are no gaps around the cover. Remove the Battery Follow these instructions to remove your phone’s battery. Always power the phone off before removing the battery..  Lift upward gently as shown. Charge the Battery Follow these instructions to charge your phone’s battery using either the included AC adapter or via a USB connection on your computer. Charge Using the AC Adapter 1. Plug the USB connector into the USB charger/accessory port on the bottom of your phone. Insert the large end of the USB cord into an external USB port on your computer. After charging, remove the USB cable from both the phone and the computer. Turn Your Phone On and Off The instructions below explain how to turn your phone on and off. Press and hold the Power/Lock key to display the device options menu. Tap Power off to turn the phone off.  Your phone will power off. Your screen remains blank while your phone is off (unless the battery is charging). Use the Touchscreen Your phone’s touchscreen lets you control actions through a variety of touch gestures.. Swipe or Slide To swipe or slide means to quickly drag your finger vertically or horizontally across the screen. Drag To drag, press and hold your finger with some pressure before you start to move your finger. While dragging, do not release your finger until you have reached the target position. Flick Flicking the screen is similar to swiping, except that you need to swipe your finger in light, quick strokes.. Rotate For most screens, you can automatically change the screen orientation from portrait to landscape by turning the phone sideways. When entering text, you can turn the phone sideways to bring up a bigger keyboard. See Touchscreen Keyboards for more details. Note: The Auto-rotate feature needs to be enabled for the screen orientation to automatically change.. Activation and Service Before using your phone, you must set up your service with Boost Mobile. You will need your phone’s serial number (MEID), printed on a sticker inside the battery compartment. For more information about your Boost Mobile account, see Boost Account Information and Help..  If you have no accessibility problem with the phone, tap Next. On the Language screen, select a language and tap Next to get started. Follow the onscreen instructions to complete each section. For each topic, you will have the option to skip it and continue to the next screen.. Name – If applicable, enter your first and last name and tap Next. This information is used by  the phone to personalize certain apps.  Protect your phone – Check Protect this device and tap Next to set up a screen lock, or uncheck this option and tap Skip to go to the next screen. Note: You can always set up a screen lock in Settings. Basic Operations The following topics outline basic features and operations of your phone. Basics The following topics offer an overview of your phone’s basic operations. Home Screen and Applications (Apps) List Most of your phone’s operations originate from the home screen or the apps list. ■ Tap Back to return to the previous screen. Recent Applications You can display a list of recently used applications using the Recent Apps key. ■ Tap Recent Apps to view a list of recently used applications. Phone Settings Menu You can customize your phone’s settings and options through the Settings menu. ■ From home, tap Apps > Settings – or – Pull down the status bar and tap Settings Basic Operations.... Portrait and Landscape Screen Orientation The default orientation for your phone’s screen is portrait (vertical), but many apps will change to landscape orientation (widescreen) when you rotate the phone sideways. Note: Not all screens will adjust for landscape orientation. Turn Screen Rotation On or Off 1. Pull down the status bar to display the quick settings menu. Tap Portrait or Auto-rotate to turn the option on or off.  If the screen rotation option is not available, tap to display the full options list.. From home, tap Apps  The apps list opens. Tap an app icon to launch the corresponding application. Apps List The apps list expands to include any apps you download and install on your phone. The following table outlines the primary apps that have been preinstalled on your phone.. Function/Service Browse the Internet and get your bookmarks, browsing history, and more Chrome synced with your Google Account. Set alarms, view time in time zones around the world, use stopwatch, or set a Clock time and count down to zero. Store and manage contacts saved in your phone as well as contacts Contacts synchronized with your web accounts and computer.. Function/Service Place and receive calls and use voicemail. Phone Manage photos on the phone and your Google Account. Photos Buy and read the electronic version of new bestsellers and classics. Play Books Buy and play games from the Google Play Store. Share your gaming Play Games experience and progress with your friends.. Phone Number Follow the instructions below to display your phone’s wireless phone number. From home, tap Apps > Settings > About phone.  You will see the number listed under My phone number. Silent/Vibration Mode Silent/vibration mode sets your phone's ringtone, operation sounds, notifications, etc., not to sound to avoid disturbing others around you.. Press and hold the Volume Down key.  Your phone is now in vibration mode. To switch the phone to silent mode, press the Volume Down key once more.  Your phone is now in silent mode. Note: In the volume control window, you can tap to adjust notification, media and alarm volumes.. Tap Do Not Disturb and select Always or Scheduled.  If you have selected Scheduled, set the days and start/end time during which Do not disturb mode should apply.  Tap Disturb rules to determine whether you allow exceptions. Press and hold the Power/Lock key to display the device options menu.  Your phone is now in or out of airplane mode. When the phone is in airplane mode, you will see the airplane mode icon in the status bar.. Assign Google Keyboard for Text Entry 1. Tap a text entry field, so that a keyboard displays on the screen. Slide the status bar down and tap Change keyboard. Note: If you cannot find the input keyboard that has been installed, it may have been disabled. To enable it, from home, tap Apps >.... To enable and use gesture typing: 1. Touch and hold on the Google keyboard and then tap Google Keyboard Settings. Tap Gesture Typing and then tap Enable gesture typing if this feature is turned off. Move your finger from letter to letter on the keyboard to trace a word without lifting the finger until you reach the end of the word.. The Full Layout The full layout offers an input experience similar to a computer keyboard. ● The alphabetic keys: Tap the keys to enter letters. Touch and hold a key and slide if necessary to choose more characters. ● The shift key: Tap to use uppercase.. Tap an alphabetic key repeatedly until the desired letter appears. You can also touch and hold the key and slide left or right to choose the letter or number you need. If word prediction is enabled ( ), just tap the keys once and choose the right word. The T+ Layout Tap to enter the left letter on the key.. Tip: Tap when you want to. If you want to enter a single letter, go ahead and tap the key. Tip: Lift your finger at the end of the word. A space is added automatically when you begin to trace the next word.. Google Voice Typing Google voice typing uses Google voice recognition to convert speech to text. To use Google voice typing: 1. Slide the status bar down when entering text and tap Change keyboard > Google voice typing. – or – to access the voice typing feature when you are using the Google keyboard.. ● You can customize your personal dictionary for word suggestion and spell check. From home, tap Apps > Settings > Language & input > Personal dictionary. Then tap to add a new word. ● Many input methods have predictive text features of their own. You may need to configure them separately.. Tap Google and then tap Or create a new account. Follow the prompts to set up your account. Tap Next to proceed between steps, which may include:  Enter your First name and Last name. Tap Google, and then enter your Gmail address and tap Next. Enter your Gmail password, and then tap Next. After your phone connects with the Google servers, accept the privacy policy and terms of service, and then set up billing or gift card information for purchase from Google Play Store. Installing Applications Many different kinds of applications can be installed on your phone from Google Play (provided by Google Inc.). Boost Mobile is not responsible in any way for user-installed applications (quality, reliability, legality, fitness for a purpose, credibility, accuracy, etc.) or resulting malfunctions (viruses, etc.).. Tap the search field at the top of the Google Play home screen, enter the name or type of app you’re looking for, and then tap the search key on the keyboard. Tap an app to read a description about the app and user reviews. Tap Menu > My apps & games. Tap the app you want to update, and then tap Update.  The app update is downloaded and installed. Note: You can also tap UPDATE ALL in My apps to install available updates for all your apps. From home, tap Apps > Play Store 2. Tap Menu > My apps & games. Tap the app you want to set for auto-update, and then tap Menu > Auto-update.  The app is set to update automatically whenever an update becomes available. Note: Automatic updates are unavailable for some apps. Uninstall an App You can uninstall any app that you have downloaded and installed from Google Play.. Tap Menu > My apps & games. On the Installed screen, tap the app you want to uninstall, and then tap Uninstall > OK.  The app is uninstalled and removed from your phone. Get Help with Google Play The Google Play store app offers an online help option if you have questions or want to know more about the app. From home, tap Apps > Play Store 2. Touch and hold an empty area of the screen to unlock it.  If you have set up a screen lock, you will be prompted to draw the pattern or enter the password or PIN. Update Your Phone Firmware You can update your phone's software using the Update Firmware option. Before Updating Your Phone Updating your phone may result in a loss of saved data depending on the condition of your phone (malfunctioning, damaged, water seepage, etc.). You must back up all critical information before updating your phone firmware.. Tap Menu > My apps & games > All tab. Scroll through the list of previously downloaded Google apps and choose those you wish to reinstall. Note: Your Google app purchases are reloaded remotely and can be re-installed after the update is applied.. Update Your Android Operating System This option allows you to update the Android Operating System (OS) on your phone via an over-the-air connection. From home, tap Apps > Settings > System updates. Update Your Profile This option allows you to automatically update your online user profile information. If you choose to change your user name and select a new one online, you must then update the user name on your phone.  The phone will download and install the PRL update and you will see a confirmation when complete. Your Phone Interface The following topics describe how to use and customize your phone’s home screen, understand the status bar, and use the notification panel. Home Screen Basics The home screen is the starting point for your phone’s applications, functions, and menus. You can customize your home screen by adding application icons, shortcuts, folders, widgets, and more.. Item Description You can group shortcuts on the home screen into folders for convenient Folder access. Primary shortcuts are application shortcuts that appear in the same location on all of your phone’s home screens. These are customizable except for the Primary shortcuts Applications (Apps) shortcut, which remains static.. ■ From any home screen, touch and hold an empty area to display thumbnail images of all screens.  To delete a home screen, tap on the corner of its thumbnail and tap OK.  To set a home screen as the main home screen, tap at the bottom of its thumbnail.. Main Status Icons Icon Status ® Bluetooth active GPS active ® Wi-Fi active Network (full signal) Enhanced 4G LTE data service 3G (data service) Vibration on Microphone off Speakerphone active Do not disturb mode (alarms only or priority) Do not disturb mode (total silence) Ringer off Airplane mode Alarm set.... Main Notification Icons Icon Notification Missed call New voicemail New personal account emails from the Email app New Exchange account emails from the Email app New message(s) from the Gmail app New text message New MMS message New Hangout message Upcoming event USB connection Call in progress.... Open the Notification Panel ■ Pull down the status bar. (Slide your finger down from the top of the screen.)  The notification panel opens. To check notifications, tap an item in the list. Close the Notification Panel ■ Slide the notification panel up. (Slide your finger up from the bottom of the screen.) –.... Notification Panel Layout The notification panel gives you access both to notifications and the quick settings menu. Customize the Home Screen Learn how to set the wallpaper or theme, and add, move, or remove shortcuts, widgets, and folders from the home screen. Operations for Rearranging the Home Screen ●.... From home, touch and hold an empty space, and then tap Wallpapers.  You can also access the wallpaper menu through settings. From home, tap Settings > Display > Wallpaper. Tap an option to select the wallpaper. From home, touch and hold an empty space, and then tap Themes. Add Shortcuts to the Home Screen You can add shortcuts for quick access to favorite apps from the home screen. From home, tap Apps  The Apps list opens. Touch and hold an app icon.  The icon will disengage and you will see thumbnails of your home screens. Drag the icon to an empty location on one of the home screens. Note: If there are less than eight extended home screens, you can add a new extended home screen while you add a shortcut.. From home, touch and hold an empty space, and then tap Widgets. Touch and hold a widget icon.  The icon will disengage and float with your finger. Drag the icon to an empty location on one of the home screens. Note: If there are less than eight extended home screens, you can add a new extended home screen while you add a widget.. From home, touch and hold a shortcut you want to place in a folder. Drag the shortcut to Folder at the top left and release it.  A new folder is created. To add more app shortcuts to the folder, touch and hold a shortcut and drag it on top of the new folder.. Phone App The following topics outline the use of your device’s phone app to place and receive calls, use voicemail, set up and manage contacts, and more. Place and Answer Calls The following topics describe how to directly dial calls, how to answer incoming calls, and how to use the in-call screen options.. From home, tap Phone to display the phone screen. If necessary, tap to display the dialer screen. Tap the number keys on the keypad to enter the phone number.  As you enter digits, Smart Dial searches for contacts that match. If you see the number you want to dial, tap it to place the call immediately without entering the rest of the number. To end the call, tap  The call ends. Troubleshooting Problem: Call does not connect. Solution 1: Was the number dialed using the area code? If not, try dialing using the full 10-digit number including the area code. Solution 2: Are you in an area with poor wireless coverage? Try calling again from another area. Call Emergency Numbers You can place calls to 9-1-1 even if the phone’s screen is locked or your account is restricted.. To call the 9-1-1 emergency number normally or when your account is restricted: 1. For more information, see Lock and Unlock Your Screen. From home, tap Phone > 3. Tap  As long as you are in an area covered by wireless service, the emergency call is placed. Enhanced 9-1-1 (E 9-1-1) Information This phone features an embedded Global Positioning System (GPS) chip necessary for utilizing E 9-1-1 emergency location services where available.. When a call arrives, slide down to answer it. To end the call, tap  The call ends. Mute the Ringing Sound To mute the ringer without rejecting the call, you can press the Power/Lock key, the Volume keys, Home , Back , or Recent Apps Phone App.... Reject an Incoming Call ■ When a call arrives, slide up to reject it.  The ringtone or vibration will stop and the call will be sent directly to voicemail. Reject a Call and Send a Text Message You can reject an incoming call and automatically send a text message to the caller. When a call arrives, slide Message reject up from the bottom of the screen.  You will see a list of preset text messages. Tap one of the messages to send it to the caller.  The selected message will be delivered to the caller. In-Call Screen Layout Tap options to activate them during a call. ● Add call: Tap to make another call separately from the current call, which is put on hold. When both calls are connected, you can tap Merge calls to set up a conference call. Note: When a Bluetooth headset is connected to your phone, you can route the audio through the Bluetooth headset ( ), the phone earpiece ( ), or the phone speaker ( ). Tap one of these icons and select Speaker, Handset earpiece, or Bluetooth to change how the audio is routed. Tap the number you want to call.  The phone dials the number. The call begins when the other party answers. To end the call, tap  The call ends. Tip: You can also place a call directly from the Contacts list. Tap next to the entry you want to call to place a call to the entry's default number.. Tap Recent calls to display the recent call history. Tip: To view the complete call history, scroll to the bottom of the list and tap View full call history. Tap Call next to an entry to call the number. From home, tap Phone > 2. Touch and hold to dial your voicemail number.  Your phone dials the voicemail access number. Follow the system prompts to:  Create your password. From home, tap Apps > Voicemail  You’ll see a Personalize your voicemail prompt. Tap Personalize now and follow the system prompts to:  Create a password (part of standard voicemail). Review Visual Voicemail Visual Voicemail lets you easily access and select which messages you want to review. From home, tap Apps > Voicemail  You will see the voicemail inbox. Tap a message to review it. Tip: There are several icons at the bottom of the review screen for calling, reply, deletion, and other options. For an explanation of all your options, tap Menu >.... Swipe your finger left or right to display the next or previous message.  The next or previous message is displayed. You can tap to play it. You can navigate through voicemail messages as frequently as you'd like. You can even move to the next or previous message before you're finished listening to the current one.. Configure Visual Voicemail Settings The Visual Voicemail settings menu lets you access settings for notifications, pictures, greetings, and more. From home, tap Apps > Voicemail 2.  You will see the voicemail settings menu. Select an option to change its settings. From home, tap Apps > Voicemail 2. Tap Menu > Settings > Preferences > Personalize voicemail. Tap OK to connect to the voicemail system. Follow the prompts to change your current greeting. Edit the Display Name via the Voicemail Menu From your Visual Voicemail menu, you can quickly change the name or number attached to your voice messages.. ■ Tap Hold current and answer.  The second call is connected and the first call is put on hold. To switch back to the first caller: ■ Tap Swap. Note: For those calls where you don't want to be interrupted, you can temporarily disable Call Waiting by pressing before placing your call.. Tap Add call in the in-call screen. Note: If you are not seeing the in-call screen, tap the top of the screen first. Dial the second number using the keypad. When you are connected with the second call, tap Merge calls.  Both calls are merged into a conference call. Note: If one party you called hangs up, you and the remaining party stay connected. If you hang up, both parties are disconnected.. Setting Description Quick responses Edit the text messages that you can quickly send to rejected callers. Speed dial Set speed dialing keys. DTMF tones Set the length of Dual-Tone Multi-Frequency signal tones. Voice privacy Use enhanced privacy mode. Plus code dialing setting Enable plus code dialing and set international dialing code.. Tap Menu > Settings > Display options. Tap Sort by and select First name or Last name to change the way contacts are sorted in the list. – or – Tap Name format and select First name first or Last name first to change the way contact names are displayed in the list.. Speed Dial The speed dial setting allows you to set speed dialing keys. To set up speed dialing: 1. Tap Menu > Settings > Call settings > Speed dial. Check North American dialing to enable this feature. To change the international dialing code: 1. Tap Menu > Settings > Call settings > Plus code dialing setting. Input a new code and tap OK. TTY Mode A TTY (teletypewriter, also known as a TDD or Text Telephone) is a telecommunications device that allows people who are deaf, hard of hearing, or who have speech or language disabilities, to.... Warning: 9-1-1 Emergency Calling It is recommended that TTY users make emergency calls by other means, including Telecommunications Relay Services (TRS), analog cellular, and landline communications. Wireless TTY calls to 9-1-1 may be corrupted when received by public safety answering points (PSAPs), rendering some communications unintelligible.. Contacts The Contacts application lets you store and manage contacts from a variety of sources, including contacts you enter and save directly in your phone as well as contacts synchronized with your Google Account, your PC, compatible email programs (including Exchange Server), and your Facebook friends. Contacts Cautions Information saved in Contacts may be lost or changed if the battery is removed for a long period or left uncharged..  The Add new contact screen appears. Use the keyboard to enter as much information as you want.  : Tap the picture icon to assign a picture to the contact.  Name  Phone  Email  More Fields: Tap More Fields to include additional information such as address, ringtone, Notes, Website, etc. If you have multiple accounts associated with your phone, tap the area above the contact name and select an account.. To add the number to an existing contact, tap Add to a contact. To add a new contact, tap Create new contact.  For an existing contact, tap the contact name and select a number type for the new number. From home, tap Apps > Contacts  You will see the Contacts list. Tap a contact to view its details.  The contact’s detailed listing appears. Contacts Screen Layout The following illustration show’s your Contacts app layout and describes the various features. Item Description Groups tab Show contact groups. Contact Scroll Scroll the contacts list by letter.. Edit a Contact Once you’ve added a contact, you can add or edit any of the information in the entry, assign a caller ID picture, customize with a unique ringtone, and more. From home, tap Apps > Contacts  You will see the Contacts list. Add or edit the information, and then tap  Your changes are saved to the contact entry. Note: To select a type (label) for a phone number, email address, or postal address (such as Mobile, Home, Work, etc.), tap the type below the field. Delete a Contact You can delete a contact from the contacts details page.. Tap a contact to view its details.  The contact’s detailed listing appears. Tip: You can also touch and hold the contact from the contact list and then tap >.... In the Share contact via menu, select a method:  Messaging to send the information in a multimedia message. Select a contact or enter a wireless phone number or email address, enter any additional information, and then tap or Send. For more information on messaging, see Send a Multimedia Message (MMS).. Before Importing Contacts from an SD Card You will need to have copied previously backed up contacts information into your phone's internal storage, an installed SD card, or a USB storage device before you can import contacts. See SD Card for SD card information.. Select an account for the imported contacts. Follow the onscreen instructions to complete the import.  The contacts are imported and stored in the selected account. Back Up Contacts If you are saving contacts to an account that does not automatically back them up via the Cloud, you can manually back them up for re-import if needed..  You will see the Import/export contacts menu. The phone will prompt you with the name and the directory of the vCard file. Tap OK to create the file.  The contacts are exported and saved to the installed SD card or the phone storage. Messaging and Internet With wireless service and your phone’s messaging and data capabilities, you have the opportunity to share information through many different channels and accounts, including Gmail (Google), personal and corporate email, text and multimedia messaging. Text and Multimedia Messaging With text messaging (SMS), you can send and receive instant text messages between your wireless phone and another messaging-ready phone.. Tap the ―Type message‖ box and then start composing your message. Note: A counter appears above the Send button ( ) to tell you how many characters are left. Once you go over the 160-character limit, a new message is created but automatically joined into one when received..  Enter the first few letters of the recipient's name to display a matching list of names from your stored contacts. Tap a match to add the recipient. Note: You can add a subject line by tapping Menu > Add subject. Tap the ―Type message, or leave blank‖ box.  Insert a smiley to the caption. A new message icon ( ) also appears in the notifications area of the status bar to notify you of a new text or multimedia message. The Messaging application icon (if shown on the home screen) also displays the number of new messages ■.... Note: If you are concerned about the size of your data downloads, check the multimedia message size before you download it. On the Messaging screen, tap a conversation to open it. When prompted to confirm, tap OK. View Contact Information from a Message When you have received a message from someone in your stored contacts, you can tap the contact’s picture or icon on the messaging screen to open the contact details. Depending on the stored contact information, you can view the contact details, place a phone call or send an email message to the contact, and more.. Notifications ● Notifications: Select this option if you want to receive a notification in the status bar when a new text or multimedia message arrives. ● Select ringtone: Select a ringtone that is specific to new text and multimedia messages. Note that the ringtone briefly plays when selected.. Enter the message recipient(s), subject, and message, and then tap Send  The Gmail message is sent. Gmail Composition Options ● Adding Cc/Bcc: In the mail composition window, tap on the "To" line, and then add recipients. ● Attaching Pictures or Videos: In the mail composition window, tap >.... Open New Gmail Messages When new Gmail arrives, you will see in the status bar. Pull down the status bar to display the notification panel. Tap the new message from the notification panel.  The new Gmail message opens. ● Forwarding Gmail Messages: With the Gmail message open, tap Options > Forward, enter a recipient and an additional message, and tap Send Use Gmail Labels Gmail saves all mail in one box, but you can add labels that allow you to sort your Gmail conversation threads.. Swipe a conversation thread from left to right or from right to left out of the list.  The thread is now archived. Mute Gmail Threads If registered on a mailing list, there will be threads with always-continuing conversations. For long threads that are not important, mute the threads and they will no longer appear in the inbox.. Touch and hold a conversation thread to add a checkmark to it, and then tap Options > Mute.  The thread is now hidden. Delete Gmail Threads If you no longer wish to keep a Gmail conversation thread, you can simply delete it from the inbox. Touch and hold a conversation thread to add a checkmark to it, and then tap Delete  The thread is deleted. Search Gmail Messages If you need to find a specific message or message thread, you can search Gmail from the inbox. Enter your search text and tap the search key on the keyboard. Tap a message or thread from the list to display it. Report Spam or Phishing Gmail You can report spam or phishing Gmail messages from your phone’s Gmail inbox.  The selected message is reported as spam or phishing Gmail. Add Another Google (Gmail) Account If you have multiple Gmail accounts you wish to view on your phone, you can add them from the Settings > Accounts menu. Enter your existing Google Account username or email, and then tap Next. Enter your password, and then tap Next. After your phone connects with the Google servers, tap Accept to agree to Google privacy policy and terms of service. From home, tap Apps > Gmail  The inbox opens. Tap the avatar of the account you want to view at the top of the menu.  The selected account inbox is displayed. Email Use the Email application to send and receive email from your webmail or other accounts, using POP3 or IMAP, or access your Exchange ActiveSync account for your corporate email needs.. From home, tap Apps > Email  The Account setup screen for adding an account appears if no email account has been previously set up. Follow the onscreen instructions to set up your email account.  The email account is set up and you will begin receiving email. Add an Email Account You can add several types of personal email accounts, such as POP3 and IMAP accounts, on your phone.. Follow the onscreen instructions to complete the account setup.  The email account is added and you will begin receiving email for the account. Add an Email Account from the Settings Menu You can also set up email accounts from the Settings >....  If you have custom settings you need to configure, tap Manual setup and enter your settings. These may include mail type, user name, password, server, security type, etc. Select your sync settings and then tap Next. Enter an account name and a display name and tap Next to complete setup.  If the automatic setup fails, you need to enter your settings. These may include domain\username, password, server, security type, etc. Follow the onscreen prompts to configure options for the account. Enter an account name and tap Next to complete setup. Open Email Messages You can open and read email messages directly from the email inbox. Reading and replying to email on your phone is as simple as on your computer. From home, tap Apps > Email  The email inbox opens. Tip: Tap the account name at the top left of the inbox screen to switch to a different email account.. ● Deleting Email: Tap the check box on the left side of a message or messages and then tap Delete ● Syncing Accounts Manually: Sync sent and received email messages manually at any time regardless of the automatic sync settings. Switch to the account you want to sync and then drag the message list downwards..  The account is deleted from your phone Manage Your Email Inbox Your email inbox provides management options for viewing, sorting, and deleting your email messages. Refresh an Email Account Whatever your automatic synchronization settings are, you can also synchronize your sent and received email messages manually at any time. ■ While viewing the account you want to synchronize, drag the message list downwards. Synchronize Exchange ActiveSync Email You can set Exchange ActiveSync to automatically check for new Exchange ActiveSync email messages. From home, tap Apps > Email 2. Tap the name of the Exchange ActiveSync account. Tap Inbox check frequency and choose the option you want. Flag Email Messages For an Exchange ActiveSync account, you can flag email messages to help you keep track of them.. Select the priority for the message. You can select High, Normal, or Low. Browser Your phone’s Web browser gives you full access to both mobile and traditional websites on the go, using 3G, 4G, or Wi-Fi data connections. SSL/TLS SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) and TLS (Transport Layer Security) are protocols for encrypting sent/received data..  The first time you launch Internet, you may be prompted to enter your 10-digit wireless phone number to access the Sprint home page.  You can also launch the browser by tapping a URL in a text message, email message, or Gmail message.. Navigate to the Web page you want to bookmark, and tap Menu > Add Bookmark.  The add bookmark window opens. Check or change the bookmark title, URL, folder, and then tap OK.  The Web page is added to bookmarks. Bookmark Options ● Editing Bookmarks: From the browser, tap Menu > Bookmarks, touch and hold a bookmark, tap Edit, edit the bookmark, and then tap OK. ● Deleting Bookmarks: From the browser, tap Menu >....  To switch tabs, tap at the bottom of the screen. The number in the icon changes dynamically as the number of opened tabs changes. Browser Settings Customize your experience with the Internet through the browser settings menu. Tap Menu > Settings, and customize your browser settings.  Your browser settings are saved. Chrome Browser In addition to the default "Browser" Web browser, your phone supports the Chrome mobile Web browser. If you are signed in with a Google Account, the Chrome browser will import all your bookmarks and other Web preferences for use on your phone.. Chrome Support ■ To find on-phone help with Chrome, from Chrome, tap Menu > Help & feedback.  A Web page will open displaying Google help for Chrome. Tip: For more information, from your computer, visit: google.com/intl/en/chrome/browser/mobile/. Camera and Video You can use the camera or video camera to take and share pictures and videos. Your phone comes with a 13 megapixel camera with an autofocus feature and a front-facing camera that let you capture sharp pictures and videos. Camera Overview The camera's viewfinder screen lets you view your subject and access camera controls and options.. Capturing Pictures/Videos ● File Format for Pictures: File format for pictures is JPEG. ● File Format for Videos: File format for videos is MPEG4. Camera Cautions If Lens Becomes Dirty: Fingerprints/smudges on lens prevent capturing of clear still images/videos. Wipe lens with a soft cloth beforehand. Avoid Exposure to Direct Sunlight: Be careful not to expose lens to direct sunlight for long periods.. From home, tap Camera  The camera viewfinder appears. Before taking the picture, you can zoom in on your subject.  To zoom in, "spread" the screen with your thumb and finger or press the Volume Up key. Tip: Hold the phone vertically when taking portrait shots or hold the phone horizontally when taking landscape shots. You can either let the camera autofocus on the center of the screen, or you can tap another area of the screen that you want to focus on. Tip: During recording, you can pinch or spread on the screen or press the Volume keys to zoom in or out. You can also tap to take a picture. Tap an album (such as Camera).  The list of pictures and videos for the album opens.  To open another album, tap Back to return to the Albums view. Tap an image to view the picture or video. ● Viewing Videos: Use the onscreen controls to play, pause, fast forward, or rewind the video playback. If you use the Video Player app, more options are available, including screenshot, video ratio, picture-in-picture, and more. After selecting an album from the Albums screen, you can browse through the thumbnails of pictures and videos of that album.. Tap Menu and then select either Rotate left or Rotate right.  The picture is rotated its file is updated. From home, tap Apps > Gallery  The album list opens. Tap an album (such as Camera).  The list of pictures and videos for the album opens. Tap the picture you want to edit.  The Photo Editor screen appears. Tap an edit option along the bottom of the screen and edit the picture. Tap to keep the change or to cancel it. Tap to save the new picture. Note: Tap in the Photo Editor screen to see the edits you have made and undo or redo them. Tap an album (such as Camera).  The list of pictures and videos for the album opens. Touch and hold a thumbnail of the picture or video you want to share.  To select multiple items, tap all the items you want to include. Tap Share and then on the Share menu, tap Email or Gmail.  Follow onscreen prompts to complete and send the message. Note: If you have multiple email accounts, the default email account will be used. To change the account, tap the sender address displayed above the recipients line and select the desired email account.. Tap an album (such as Camera).  The list of pictures and videos for the album opens. Touch and hold a thumbnail of the picture or video you want to share.  To select multiple items, tap all the items you want to include. Tap Share and then on the Share menu, tap Messaging.  Follow the onscreen prompts to complete and send the message. For more information about sending multimedia messages, see Send a Multimedia Message (MMS). Send Pictures or Videos Using Bluetooth You can select several pictures, videos, or both and send them to someone’s phone or your computer using Bluetooth.. Tap an album (such as Camera).  The list of pictures and videos for the album opens. Touch and hold a thumbnail of the picture or video you want to share.  To select multiple items, tap all the items you want to include. Tap Share and then on the Share menu, tap Bluetooth.  Follow the onscreen prompts to complete and send the files. Share Pictures or Videos via Additional Apps or Social Media From Gallery, you can share your pictures and videos from a variety of apps and social media sites, such as Facebook, Google+, Hangouts, Instagram, Flickr, and more.. Tap an album (such as Camera).  The list of pictures and videos for the album opens. Touch and hold a thumbnail of the picture or video you want to share.  To select multiple items, tap all the items you want to include. Tap Share and then on the Share menu, tap the app you want to use. Follow the prompts to complete and post or share your pictures or videos. Share Videos on YouTube You can share your videos by uploading them to YouTube™. Before you do this, you must create a YouTube account or Google Account and sign in to that account on your phone.. Tap an album (such as Camera).  The list of pictures and videos for the album opens. Touch and hold a thumbnail of the videos you want to share.  To select multiple videos, tap all the videos you want to include. Tap Share and then on the Share menu, tap YouTube. Enter the prompted information, such as description and tags, and select a privacy option. Tap  The upload is completed. Camera Settings You can adjust your camera’s settings using the icons on the main camera screen and the full camera settings menu.. Set Camera Functions You can configure your camera’s settings to fit any situation and event. From home, tap Camera  The camera viewfinder appears. Tap Settings  The camera settings menu opens. Useful Apps and Features The following topics detail many of your phone’s tools and features such as maps and navigation, calendar, clock, social networking apps, music, and more. Calculator Your phone’s convenient built-in calculator lets you perform basic mathematical equations. In order to sync with your Google calendar, you must sign in to a Google account on your phone. Calendar Operations ● View Today’s Calendar: From the Calendar, tap. The number in the icon changes dynamically with your current date. Tap Add  The add event window opens. Enter an event title, start date/time, end date/time, etc., and then tap Done.  The event is added to your calendar. Selecting a Calendar If you have more than one calendar, select a calendar in which to add events: ●.... View Calendar Events You can display the Calendar in daily, weekly, monthly, or agenda view. To change the Calendar view, tap the time at the top left and select Day, Week, Month, or Agenda. From home, tap Apps > Calendar .... If you are in month view, tap a date first. Note: The color for the events indicates the type of calendar that includes the event. To find out which calendar each color represents, tap Menu > Calendars to display. From home, tap Apps > Calendar  The Calendar app opens. Tap Menu > Calendars to display. Tap Calendars to sync at the bottom. Select sync options by adding or removing check marks from the items.  The sync settings have been updated. Synchronize an Exchange ActiveSync Calendar If you have set up a Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync account on your phone, you can also synchronize Exchange ActiveSync calendar events on your phone. Calendar events on your Exchange ActiveSync will also show in Calendar if you chose to synchronize with the Exchange ActiveSync Server.. Check the Time You can check the time any time on your phone. The current time displays in the upper right corner of the status bar. Many widgets and lock screens also display the time and provide options for how time is displayed.. From home, tap Apps > Clock 2. Tap the Alarm tab and then tap Create alarm Useful Apps and Features.... Set the alarm options, including time, alarm days, repeat pattern, snooze, ringtone, and alarm label, and then tap Save. Note: To enable or disable existing alarms directly, just tap the switch next to the alarm. Note: Tap in the Alarm tab to adjust general alarm settings.. ■ From home, tap Apps > Clock World Clock The world clock lets you keep track of the current time in multiple cities around the globe. From the clock app, tap World Clock 2. Tap Add City and select a city. You can enter a city name in the search field at the top to find the city.. Timer The timer provides a countdown timer for up to 99 hours, 59 minutes, and 59 seconds. From the clock app, tap Timer 2. Use the keypad to set the length of the timer. Tap Start to begin the timer. Facebook Post updates, read what your friends are up to, upload pictures and check-ins, and more with on-the-go Facebook access.. Sign in to Your Facebook Account from Account Settings 1. From home, tap Apps > Settings > Accounts > Add account. Enter your email/phone number and password and tap Log in.  Your Facebook account is added to your phone. Use Facebook Once you’ve downloaded the app and signed in, you can post and read updates, upload pictures, tag locations, and more, all from your phone.. Find the file you need by category in the Category tab, or tap Local to browse folders and files on the phone's internal storage, the SD card or the USB device connected to the phone.  Tap folders and files to access stored items. From home, tap Apps > Voice Search  The Voice Search window opens. Hangouts Hangouts is Google's instant messaging service. Use to communicate with other Hangout users, and also use video calling. Log in to a Google Account beforehand (see Google Account).. From home, tap Apps > Hangouts  The Hangouts app will open. Tap Add to start a new session of conversation, video call, or group chat. Type a name, email, number, or circle, or select a contact from the list. Type a message or start a video chat.  A chat window or a video chat window opens. Enable Location Services on Your Phone Before using any location-based services, you must enable your phone’s location feature. For information about setting your phone’s location options, see Location Settings. View Maps of Specified Places Use Google Maps to locate and map a specific address or destination. Enter an address, city, facility name, etc., and then tap a candidate in the results list. Note: If your search term is specific enough, the map will automatically pan to that location.  The information card for the specific location opens. You can find out its address, open hours, street view, people's review, how to get there, give the place a call, save it to your Google Account, and more.. ● Check Detailed Operation for Maps: From the Maps app, tap Menu > Help. Music Player Your phone's built-in music player app lets you listen to and organize music files you have loaded into your phone's memory or SD card. Note: For information about loading music onto your phone, see Transfer Files Between Your Phone and Computer.. The Playback Screen When you tap a song in the music library, the music player immediately starts to play it and its name and the player controls are displayed at the bottom of the screen. Tap the area to open the playback screen, where you can have more control over the player.. Create a Playlist Music playlists help you organize your music files. From home, tap Apps > Music  The music library opens. Your music files are cataloged, according to the information stored in the files. From home, tap Apps > Music  The music library opens. Your music files are cataloged, according to the information stored in the files. Tap Playlists to view all music playlists. Tap next to the playlist you want to manipulate to open the options menu. Manage Songs in a Playlist You can add more songs to a playlist or remove some tracks from a playlist. Tap Playlists to view all music playlists. Tap a playlist to open its content. Tap > Add songs and select the music you want to add before tapping – or – next to the song you want to remove and select Remove. Set a Song as Ringtone You can set a song or audio file as your default ringtone.. Tip: You can also set a song as the default ringtone in the playback screen. Just tap > Set as ringtone. Google Play Music App The Google Play Music app lets you browse, shop, and play back songs purchased from Google Play as well as songs you have loaded from your own music library.. From home, tap Apps > Play Music  The Play Music app opens. Tap a recommendation in the Listen Now screen, or tap Menu > My library to view all the music or playlists. To change views of your library, swipe left or right. Google Play Music Screen Layout The following diagram outlines the main features of the Play Music app player screen. Feature Description Shows the names of the song and the artist. Tap the area to Song and artist close the player screen and return to the music library. Displays the album artwork (if available). Swipe left or right to Album image switch to the next or previous song in the current playlist.. Feature Description Shuffle Tap to turn on or off shuffle. Current playlist Tap to display the current music list (queue). Options Tap to access more player options. Create Playlists in Google Play Music Organize music into playlists to fit every occasion. Tap Menu next to a song and select Add to playlist. Enter a playlist name and description and tap Create playlist. Tap the Back key to return to the library view and select another song or album. Sound Recorder You can use Sound Recorder to record voice memos. Record and Play a Voice Memo 1. From home, tap Apps > Sound Recorder Useful Apps and Features.... Note: Before recording, you can tap to turn off or on high-quality recording.  During recording, you can tap to pause or continue the recording. From home, tap Apps > Play Store 2. Tap the search field at the top and search for "twitter". Tap Twitter from the results list. Tap Install, and then tap Accept.  The app will be downloaded and installed on your phone. LinkedIn Find and connect with members worldwide, read the latest industry news, keep up-todate you're your groups, and more with on-the-go LinkedIn access. Install the LinkedIn App on Your Phone Before you use LinkedIn on your phone, you must download and install the app from the Google Play Store app.. From home, tap Apps > YouTube  The YouTube app launches.  If you’re prompted to provide confirmation to use the site, follow the onscreen instructions to continue. Search through the YouTube channels and tap a video you want to see. From home, tap Apps > YouTube  The YouTube app launches. Tap Options > Uploads >  The Open from menu appears.  Enter a title, description, and tags, and select a privacy setting. Connectivity The following topics address your phone’s connectivity options, including USB file transfer, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and more. Transfer Files between Your Phone and a Computer You can use the supplied USB cable to connect your phone directly to your computer and transfer music, pictures, and other content files.. When appears in the notifications area, drag the status bar down to display the notifications panel and tap the notification. Select either Media device (MTP) or Camera (PTP).  The files on your phone can now be accessed via your computer. When you are done, disconnect your phone from your computer.  The transferred files are now saved to your phone or SD card. Wi-Fi Wi-Fi provides wireless Internet access over distances of up to 300 feet. To use your phone’s Wi-Fi, you need access to a wireless access point or ―hotspot.‖.... Tap the Wi-Fi slider to turn Wi-Fi on. You will see the names and security settings of in-range Wi-Fi networks.  To disable Wi-Fi, tap the slider again. Tap a Wi-Fi network to connect, enter the password (if it’s not an open network), and then tap Connect..  The Wi-Fi settings menu appears. Tap the Wi-Fi slider to turn Wi-Fi on. You will see the names and security settings of in-range Wi-Fi networks.  To disable Wi-Fi, tap the slider again.  Your Wi-Fi settings changes are saved. Disconnect Wi-Fi You may wish to disconnect from a connected Wi-Fi network without turning Wi-Fi off. From home, tap Apps > Settings Connectivity....  The Wi-Fi settings menu appears. Tap the name of the connected access point and then tap Forget.  After disconnecting from an access point, you may need to re-enter the password to reconnect. Wi-Fi Direct Use Wi-Fi Direct to connect directly to other Wi-Fi Direct devices simply via Wi-Fi, without an access point or via the Internet.. Tap Menu > Advanced > Wi-Fi Direct.  The Wi-Fi Direct settings menu appears. Tap a device with which to connect below Peer devices. Accept the connection on the other device.  The phone is connected via Wi-Fi Direct. Hotspot Hotspot allows you to turn your phone into a Wi-Fi hotspot. When this feature is turned on, you can share your phone's mobile data services via Wi-Fi with other Wi-Fi enabled devices. The feature works best when used in conjunction with 4G data services (although 3G service can also be used). Important: Use of the Hotspot feature requires an additional subscription.. Tap the slider to turn Hotspot on.  To disable Hotspot, tap the slider again. Note: The best way to keep using the phone as a hotspot is to have it connected to a power supply. Important: Write down the passkey (password) for this communication (shown onscreen).. Select a tethering option: USB tethering or Bluetooth tethering.  Tethering is turned on, and your phone’s Internet connection can be shared with a connected device.  For USB tethering, connect your phone to the target device with the supplied USB cable before turning on USB tethering.. Bluetooth ® Bluetooth is a short-range communications technology that allows you to connect wirelessly to a number of Bluetooth devices, such as headsets and hands-free car kits, and Bluetooth-enabled handhelds, computers, printers, and wireless phones. The Bluetooth communication range is usually approximately 30 feet.. Tap the slider to turn Bluetooth on.  To disable Bluetooth, tap the slider again. Tip: You can also turn Bluetooth on or off with the quick settings menu in the notification panel. Pull down the status bar to display the notification panel and then tap Bluetooth to turn Bluetooth on or off.. If Bluetooth is off, tap the slider to turn Bluetooth on.  Nearby devices appear in the ―Available devices‖ list.  If a target device is not detected, tap Menu > Refresh to search again. Unpairing from a Paired Device 1. From the Bluetooth settings menu, tap Settings next to the paired device you wish to unpair.  The device is unpaired from your phone. To make another connection with the device, you will need to pair again..  Paired Bluetooth devices appear in the ―Paired devices‖ list. Tap a device from the ―Paired devices‖ list.  Your phone connects to the paired device. The pairing and connection status is displayed below the device’s name in the Bluetooth devices section. When the device is connected to your phone, the Bluetooth paired icon is displayed in the status bar.. ● Images and videos ● Calendar events ● Contacts ● Audio files In the instructions below, Contacts data is being used as an example. Sending Contacts Data via Bluetooth 1. From home, tap Apps > Contacts  You will see the Contacts list. Tap Menu > Share > Bluetooth. If you are prompted to turn on Bluetooth, tap Turn on. Tap the name of the receiving device. If prompted, accept the connection on the receiving device, and enter the same passcode on both your phone and the other device, or confirm the auto-generated passcode. On the receiving device, accept the file. • For a vCalendar file, tap OK and the vCalendar event is imported to your local calendar account. (For more information on using the Calendar, see Calendar.) • For a vCard contact file, all contacts in the file will be imported to your phone contacts automatically.. Settings The following topics provide an overview of items you can change using your phone’s Settings menus. Basic Settings to access your phone’s settings menu. From the home screen, tap Apps > Settings The table below outlines the top-level settings categories. Category Description Apps Manage installed applications. Users Manage user accounts that can access your phone. Connect to PC Select the USB connection type between your phone and PC. Back up your phone's data and settings and reset the phone to the original Backup &.... From home, tap Apps > Settings  The settings menu opens. Select categories and then select your settings options.  Settings are made and applied. Tip: You can also access settings from the notification panel. Pull down the status bar and tap Settings Wi-Fi Settings Menu The Wi-Fi settings menu lets you turn Wi-Fi on or off, set up and connect to available Wi-Fi networks, and configure advanced Wi-Fi options..  The Wi-Fi settings menu appears. Tap the Wi-Fi slider to turn Wi-Fi on. You will see the names and security settings of in-range Wi-Fi networks.  To disable Wi-Fi, tap the slider again.  Your phone is connected to the Wi-Fi network. You will see ( ) in the status bar.  The password, for a household wireless LAN router, is sometimes found on a sticker on the router (WEP, WPA, KEY, etc.). Contact the router manufacturer for information. For password for a public wireless LAN, check with user's service provider.. ● Check MAC Address: From Wi-Fi settings, tap Menu > Advanced.  MAC Address appears below ―MAC address.‖ ● Check IP Address: From Wi-Fi settings, tap Menu > Advanced.  IP Address appears below ―IP address.‖ Bluetooth Settings Your phone’s Bluetooth capabilities let you use wireless headsets, send and receive pictures and files, and more.. ● Pairing Bluetooth Devices: Make sure the other devices are set to be discovered. From Bluetooth settings, tap the device name in ―Available devices‖ and follow the onscreen instructions.  Depending on the device, you may be required to enter or accept a passkey. From home, tap Apps > Settings > Mobile networks. Tap Data Enabled to enable or disable data services over the mobile network. Note: Certain data service request may require additional time to process. While your phone is loading the requested service, the touchscreen may appear unresponsive when in fact it is functioning properly.. From home, tap Apps > Settings > Mobile networks > Preferred network type. Data Usage Settings The data usage menu lets you view your phone’s mobile and Wi-Fi data usage, set data limits, restrict hotspot usage, and more..  The data usage window opens. Data Usage Settings Operations ● Enable Mobile Data: In Data usage window, tap the Data Enabled slider to enable or disable the service.  If a confirmation appears, follow the onscreen instructions. ● Enable Restriction on Mobile Data in Background: From the Data usage window, tap Menu > Restrict background data.  This setting stops some apps and services from working unless your phone is connected to a Wi-Fi network.  If a confirmation appears, tap OK.  Your settings are saved and implemented. Airplane Mode Airplane mode allows you to use many of your phone's features, such as Gallery, Camera, and Music, when you are on an airplane or in any other area where making or receiving calls or data is prohibited. When you set your phone to Airplane mode, it cannot send or receive any calls or access online information..  When in airplane mode, the status bar will display To turn Airplane mode on or off in Settings: 1. From home, tap Apps > Settings 2. When in airplane mode, the status bar will display Virtual Private Networks (VPN) From your phone, you can add, set up, and manage virtual private networks (VPNs) that allow you to connect and access resources inside a secured local network, such as your corporate network.. Set Up Secure Credential Storage If your network administrator instructs you to download and install security certificates, you must first set up the phone’s secure credential storage before setting up a VPN. From home, tap Apps > Settings 2. Tap Security > Install from SD card. Tap Add VPN profile , and then enter the information for the VPN you want to add.  Information may include Name, Type, Server address, PPP encryption (MPPE), and advanced options.  Set up all options according to the security details you have obtained from your network administrator.. When prompted, enter your login credentials, and then tap Connect.  You will connect to the selected VPN.  When you are connected, a VPN connected icon appears in the status bar. Open the Web browser to access resources such as intranet sites on your corporate network.  The default messaging app is set. Note: If you choose a default messaging app other than Messaging (for example, Google Hangouts), you will not be able to use the Messaging app unless you restore it as the default messaging app. USB Tethering USB tethering allows you to share your phone's mobile data connection with a computer through the supplied USB cable.. Display Settings Overview The display settings menu allows you to configure the following options: Display Setting Description Brightness level Set the screen brightness. Set whether to automatically adjust the screen brightness for available Adaptive brightness light. Set whether to allow the screen to rotate the display with the phone Auto-rotate screen orientation, where applicable..  Your display settings are saved and applied. Sound & Notification Settings The sound & notification settings menu lets you control your phone’s audio, from ringtones and alerts to tap tones and notifications. Sound Setting Description Vibrate pattern Set the pattern of vibration when vibration is enabled for notifications. Manage system sounds including dial pad tones, screen lock sounds, Other sounds charging sounds, touch sounds, vibration on touch, and emergency tone. Notification mode Select the sound and vibration mode of notification..  Your sound settings are saved and applied. Security Settings The Security settings menus let you set screen lock and encryption options, password visibility, administrator settings, credential storage options, and other advanced options. Security Settings Overview Many security settings are dependent on Screen lock settings, SIM lock settings, etc.. Security Setting Description Set the time needed for the screen lock protection to be activated after the screen turns off. Automatically lock Note: This option is available when pattern, PIN or password is set as the screen lock. Set whether to activate lock protection immediately when you press the Power/Lock key.. Security Setting Description Apps with usage access Turn on or off some apps' access to your phone usage information. From home, tap Apps > Settings 2.  The Security settings menu opens. Screen Lock You can increase the security of your phone by creating a screen lock. When enabled, you have to draw the correct unlock pattern on the screen, enter the correct PIN, or enter the correct password to unlock the phone’s control keys, buttons, and touchscreen. In order from least secure to most secure, the available screen lock options are: ●.... Use a Screen Unlock Pattern 1. From the Screen lock menu, tap Pattern. Choose whether you want to further protect your phone with the screen lock before it starts up, and then tap Continue. Draw the screen unlock pattern by connecting at least four dots in a vertical, horizontal, or diagonal direction..  The phone records the pattern. When prompted, draw the screen unlock pattern again, and then tap Confirm.  The screen unlock pattern is saved. Choose how to show notifications on the lock screen and then tap Done.  The screen lock is set.  If you fail to draw the correct unlock pattern on the screen after five attempts, you will be prompted to wait for 30 seconds before you can try again. Note: Turn off the Make pattern visible switch if you do not want the unlock pattern to display on the screen when you unlock it.. Use a Screen Unlock Password 1. From the Screen lock menu, tap Password. Choose whether you want to further protect your phone with the screen lock before it starts up, and then tap Continue. Enter a password, tap Continue, re-enter your password, and tap OK to save the setting. Navigation Key Setting The Navigation key setting menu allows you to exchange the positions of the Back key and the Recent Apps key To swap the positions of the two keys: 1. From home, tap Apps > Settings > Navigation key. Date and Time Option Description Set the date manually (only available when Automatic date & time option Set date is disabled). Set the time manually (only available when Automatic date & time option Set time is disabled). Select time zone Set the time zone manually (only when Automatic time zone is disabled).. Language & Input Settings Your phone’s language & input settings let you select a language for the phone’s menus and keyboards, select and configure keyboard settings, configure speech input settings, and set your phone’s mouse/trackpad options. Language & Input Settings Overview You can set the following options in the Language &....  The Language and input settings menu opens.  The language and input settings are applied and saved. Language and Input Options Some of the language and input options are detailed below. Location Settings Your Location settings menu lets you select how your phone determines its location (using the wireless networks, GPS satellites, both, or neither). Location Settings Overview Your Location settings menu allows you to configure the following options. Location Setting Description Mode Select a locating method: High accuracy, Battery saving, or Device only.. Tap the setting to toggle Location on or off.  Your phone’s location services are enabled.  If you see a confirmation, follow the onscreen instructions to connect. Storage Setting Description Set the default location for new data, such as files downloaded, photos Save location captured, and voice recorded. View the available device storages (such as the phone storage) and Device storage manage their spaces and use. View the available portable storages (such as an SD card) and manage Portable storage their spaces and use.. From home, tap Apps > Settings 2.  Check your battery condition and access additional options. Applications Settings Overview Touch an installed application in the Apps settings menu to see its information and access options that may include the following.. Apps Setting Description Check how much data has been used by the app during the time cycle Data usage and restrict background data for the app. Permissions Check or change the app permissions. Manage the app notifications in the notification panel and the lock screen. Notifications You can set the priority, sensitivity, and more.. Memory Setting Monitor the average memory use and performance of your phone. From home, tap Apps > Settings 2. Tap the time duration to check average memory use during that time.  To check the memory use breakdown by apps, touch Memory used by apps.. Manage your user settings as needed. User Settings Operations ● Set up a New User: In the Users screen, tap Add user > OK > Set up now and follow the prompts on the screen. ● Delete a User: In the User screen, tap next to the user and select Remove user >.... ● Manage Users' Authority to Use Phone Call and Messaging: In the Users screen, tap next to the user and tap Turn on phone calls & SMS. ● Switch Users: In the Users screen, tap the user name you want to switch to. Note: You can switch users in the quick settings menu.. ● Your Google Account ● All other email and social networking accounts ● System and application data and settings ● Downloaded applications Backup and Reset Overview The following options are available in the Back up and reset menu: Backup and Reset Option Description Enable backup for application data, Wi-Fi passwords, and other settings Back up my data....  The Backup & reset menu opens.  The backup and reset settings are applied and saved.  If you’re performing a Factory Data Reset, follow the prompts to confirm the data removal. The phone will erase all data and reboot..  Your phone will power down and reset itself, which may take up to 10 minutes.  Once the phone has reset, it will run through the Hands Free Activation and update processes again. When finished, you will see the Welcome screen and Setup application. Complete the Setup Screens to start over..  An Add account window appears. Tap an account type and then follow the onscreen instructions to add the required account information.  The account is added to the accounts list. Accessibility Settings The accessibility menu lets you enable and manage accessibility-related applications. Accessibility Settings Overview The following accessibility options may be configured: Accessibility Option Description Set the TalkBack service to help blind or low-vision users access the TalkBack phone. Set Switch Access to allow you to control the phone using configurable Switch Access key combinations.. Accessibility Option Description Set whether to allow the screen to rotate the display with the phone Auto-rotate screen orientation, where applicable. Speak passwords Get spoken feedback while typing passwords. When this feature is enabled, you can quickly enable accessibility Accessibility shortcut features following the steps prompted on the Accessibility shortcut screen.. documents, pictures, emails, or web pages from your phone to the printer wirelessly and have them printed out. Connect Your Printer to Your Google Account How you connect your printer to your Google Account depends on the type of your printer. For traditional printers, follow the steps below.. Select a printer you have added to the phone or tap > All printers… to add a printer right away. Configure other print job options, such as number of copies, color, and paper size. Touch Print to send the print job wireless to your printer through Google Servers. Note: Instead of selecting a printer, you can also choose to save the file to Google Drive or as a PDF file. Activate This Device The Activate this device menu lets you activate a new phone or use additional self-service options such as checking the status of an in-service phone.. From home, tap Apps > Settings 2. Tap System updates and select an option and follow the prompts to complete the update.  For complete system update information, see Update Your Phone. About Phone The About phone menu lets you access important phone and legal information. About Phone Overview The following About phone items may be reviewed or set: About Phone Item.... About Phone Item Description Android security patch Check the Android security patch level. level Check the phone’s baseband version. Baseband version Check the phone’s kernel version. Kernel version SW Version Check the current phone software version. HW Version Check the current phone hardware version. For Assistance The following topics address areas of support for your phone, including troubleshooting, specifications, account information, warranty information, and customer service contact information. Troubleshooting Check the problems and solutions below for troubleshooting solutions for common phone issues. Check Here First Problem: Phone freezes/operation is unstable.. Solution 5: Is a disabled access point set? To reset to initial settings:  From home, tap Apps > Settings > Mobile networks > Access Point Names > Menu > Reset to default. Problem: Battery level goes down quickly. Solution: Are you where signal is weak or have been out of service area for a long period? Calling where signal is weak or being out of service area uses a lot of battery.. Item Description Up to 150 Mbps downlink/up to 50 Mbps uplink Communication Speed (theoretical speeds, actual speeds dependent on the network) Battery Specifications Item Description Voltage 3.8 V Type Lithium-ion Polymer Capacity 3080 mAh Dimensions (W x H x D) Approx.. Copyright Information ©2016 Boost Worldwide, Inc. Other marks are the property of their respective owners. ZTE and the ZTE logos are trademarks of the ZTE Corporation. Google and Android are trademarks of Google, Inc. microSDXC logo is a trademark of SD-3C, LLC. ® Snapdragon™ processors are products of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. Qualcomm Qualcomm and Snapdragon are trademarks of Qualcomm Incorporated, registered in the United States and other countries. Index Accessibility, 275 Settings, 168 Accounts Take a picture, 150 Add new, 273 Viewfinder, 149 Manage, 274 Car Kit Settings, 273 Connect, 224 Activation, 23, 279 Chrome, 147 Airplane Mode, 37 Clock Alarm, 178 Alarm, 178 Answer a Call, 78 Stopwatch, 181 Apps Timer, 182.... Extended Home Screen, 62 Add Shortcuts, 69 Facebook, 182 Add Widgets, 70 Factory Data Reset, 272 Customize, 67 Files Extended, 62 Transfer between phone and computer, 209 Hotspot, 218 Flash, 3 Import Contacts, 110 Flick, 21 Incoming Call Folders, 71 Answer, 78 Font Reject, 80.... Phone Status, 280 Settings, 264 Phone Update Swipe, 21 PRL, 59 Synchronize Profile, 59 Exchange ActiveSync, 141 Pictures Tap, 20 Rotate, 155 Tethering, 219 Share via Bluetooth, 162 Text Editing, 44 Share via email, 158 Text Entry, 38 Share via messaging, 160 Text Messaging Take with camera, 150 Conversations, 119.... VPN, 242 Widgets, 70 Add connection, 243 Wi-Fi, 211 Connect or disconnect, 244 Settings, 232 Prepare for connection, 242 Turn on and connect, 211 Secure credential storage, 243 World Clock, 181 Wallpaper, 67, 247 YouTube, 206 Share videos, 166 Launch connection, 142 Zoom, 22 Index.... By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
In order to view all our website features you need to enable Javascript.. Stay connected with this ZTE Beam smartphone! The 5.5-inch screen makes it easy to navigate through the menu options and the 2GB of RAM handles well the multitasking. With a fresh design, the ZTE WAPR 7 has a back cover made of soft-touch polycarbonate, while the front has a layer of glass that curves to meet the sides in a smooth, metallic strip. You can get outstanding images from the 13-megapixel rear-facing camera thanks to the screen's HD resolution.. Limited time offer! One phone per customer. Screen 5.5" Camera 13 MP Max. standby time - Technology CDMA 3G & 4G LTE. Screen 5.5" Technology CDMA 3G & 4G LTE Processor Quad-core 1.2 GHz Internal memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM Screen resolution 720 x 1280 px Back camera 13 MP, LED flash Front camera 5 MP Battery capacity Li - Po 3000 mAh Max. standby time - LTE SIM card Nano SIM Card slot microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC. * Tello wireless network services are provided on the Nationwide Sprint® Network.*. * Sprint is a trademark of Sprint.. * Not all devices containing the Sprint trademark are eligible; please contact your Tello representative to determine eligibility. Some features of the device may not function properly when activated with Tello. Please ask your Tello representative about any limitations.. 
www.GSMUnlockUSA.com - #1 Direct Source Wholesale | Welcome, Guest! | Sign In | Instructions | Order Status | My Account | Shopping Cart ( 0 ). Search Bulk Unlock Code. Home | Apple iPhone | Blackberry 10 | Dell | Huawei | HTC | LG | Motorola | Nokia Lumia | Pantech | Samsung | SonyEricsson | ZTE. Guarantee The Lowest Price - Apple iPhone Factory Unlocked!. Great News!! Huawei Factory Code (Premium) is back with new price, very fast 0-3 working days.. ZTE Zinger [0-24 Hours] $14.95 $4.95 (-67%). ZTE ATT F160 [0-24 Hours] $14.95 $4.95 (-67%). ZTE Z992 Avail 2 [0-24 Hours] $14.95 $4.95 (-67%). ZTE Z431 [0-24 Hours] $14.95 $4.95 (-67%). ZTE ATT Z221 [0-24 Hours] $14.95 $4.95 (-67%). The #1 Site For Online Unlocking. We are the best in the online unlocking business. Work Directly with the Source - Great. for CellPhone Store, Service Center, Webmaster, eBay sellers !. This Web site is secured with a GoDaddy.com Web Server Certificate. on the site are protected with up to 256-bit Secure Sockets Layer encryption.. Your personal and financial in information is safe with us!. GoDaddy.com has verified that the certificate holder controls the domain www.masterunlockcode.com.. Unlocking your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code has never been easier! That's right - you're FREE, your unlocked handset will accept any SIM card from ANY provider worldwide! You're just 30 seconds away from freedom.. We guarantee it. Our ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code unlocking process is safe and 100% money-back guaranteed. Your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code will not be damaged in any way through this process. So how do you unlock your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code ? It's as easy as texting a friend! We'll provide you step-by-step instructions on how to unlock your handset, as well as an unlock code straight from the manufacturer.. To GET STARTED : Select the original carrier of your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code from the list below to start unlocking your phone.. Warranty: All our Unlock CODES are 100% genuine and. guaranteed, if for any reason your unlock codes are Not Found in our database then. we will issue a full refund.. Select Original Network Provider (Phone is from) Regular Price Special Price Delivery Time. You should select the original. carrier of the phone(Phone is Currently Locked to). WorldWide - Factory Codes (100% working code). Unlocks All ZTE Models Worldwide, including all AT&T, T-Mobile, Vodafone etc.. $14.95 $4.95 Save 67% 0-24 Hours WorldWide - Factory Codes (Not Found Service). Unlocks All ZTE Models Worldwide, including all AT&T, T-Mobile, Vodafone etc.. $24.95 $9.95 Save 60% 1-5 Days U.S.A - MetroPCS Unlock via [Unlocking App]. No refund if your Phone is Not MetroPCS USA. No refund if your phone need unlock code (This service for APK MetroPCS Unlocking App). $44.95 $34.95 Save 22% 0-24 Hours U.S.A - T-Mobile Unlock via [Unlocking App]. Make sure your phone is CLEAN before place your order. $89.95 $79.95 Save 11% 1-4 Days. Regular Price: $14.95 $4.95 (Save 67%). Regular Price: $24.95 $9.95 (Save 60%). Regular Price: $44.95 $34.95 (Save 22%). Regular Price: $89.95 $79.95 (Save 11%). BEFORE ordering that your unlock app is connecting to server:. 3) Message will appear "Unlock Failed: This mobile device is not eligble for unlock.". If you do not see above message then do not order. No refund for not connecting to server. Do Not Submit any other model that does not require "Device Unlock App". No refund if your phone is Not T-Mobile USA. No refund if your phone need unlock code (This service for APK T-Mobile Unlocking App).. To find IMEI, dial *#06# on your phone. (To find IMEI, dial *#06# on your phone). The PRD (Product Code) can be located on the label under the phone battery. Your personal and financial in information is safe with us!. Note: Please verify that you receive a prompt for the network unlock code before submitting order. NO refunds will be given if unlock code is returned and no prompt if received.. How To Unlock ZTE Warp 7:. Switch ON your ZTE Warp 7 with an Unauthorize SIM Card. ZTE Warp 7 will prompt for Unlock Code. Your ZTE Warp 7 is now unlocked. Does your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code work only with your current service provider or, when you insert a SIM card from another network, do you see any of the following messages?. - Enter SIM Unlock Code (Simlock). If so, your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code is LOCKED and we can help you remove this lock on your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code in a few simple steps, allowing you to use your phone on any GSM wireless network anywhere in the world. You will not have to mail in your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code. No technical knowledge required at all. Simply provide us your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code’s IMEI number and we do all the rest. - Simply provide us your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code’s IMEI (which can be found by typing *#06# into your phone), during check out. - After order placement, the Unlock CODES together with easy to follow instructions guides will be sent to your email address within the time frame given. - Follow the unlocking instructions provided by MasterUnlockCode.com and easily dial in the supplied Unlock CODE for your mobile and start using your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code with any SIM Card. Reasons to remote unlock your cell phone. - Save a fortune abroad, by using cheap local SIM Cards rather than expensive roaming tariffs. - As usually subsidize the cost of the phone, by unlocking it you are increasing the resale value of your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code by up to 300%. - Use your work and personal SIM Card in your unlocked ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code - no need to carry two phones again. - Get the best value tariffs by swapping SIM Cards to take advantage of the latest offers. - You never send your phone to anybody. You receive the instructions within hours; unlocking itself takes 1-3 minutes. - No opening your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code and risk of damage to your device. - Very easy, no technical experience necessary. - No complicated software or hardware just enters Unlock CODE, and your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code is PERMANENTLY unlocked. - Is safe and does not void cell phone's warranty. - Unlocking is a one-time event. It works for the life of your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code. All our Unlock CODES are 100% genuine and guaranteed, if for any reason your unlock codes are not found in our database then we will issue a full refund.. Why my ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code is locked?. When you purchase a cell phone it is often offered at a discounted price by the cellular network. In return for this generosity they "lock" your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code to their network, so that you can only use their network for making and receiving calls. This means that you cannot use the SIM card of another network, and if you try to do so the phone will display "Phone Restricted", “Contact Service Provider”, “Enter Unlock Code” or a similar message. Unlocking the phone removes this lock, allowing you to use your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code on any GSM wireless network anywhere in the world. Why should I unlock my ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code?. - Save a fortune abroad, by using cheap local SIM cards rather than expensive roaming tariffs. - As usually subsidize the cost of the phone, by unlocking it you are increasing the resale value of your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code by up to 300%. - Use your work and personal SIM card in your unlocked ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code no need to carry two phones again. - Get the best value tariffs by swapping SIM cards to take advantage of the latest offers. - You never send your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code to anybody. - No opening your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code and risk of damage to your device. - Very easy, no technical experience necessary. - No complicated software or hardware just enters code, and your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code is PERMANENTLY unlocked. - Is safe and does not void ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code’s warranty. - Unlocking is a one-time event. It works for the life of your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code. - Will I have to unlock my ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code every time I change SIM Card?. - No, even if you upgrade the software (flash) or hard reset your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code, it remains permanently unlocked, no matter what you do to it. A SIM card or Subscriber Identity Module is a portable memory chip used in GSM phones. The SIM Card allows users to change phones by simply removing the SIM Card from one cell phone and inserting it into another. The SIM holds personal identity information, cell phone number, phone book, text messages and other data. How does the remote unlocking work?. Upon successful order submission, we will process your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code's unique IMEI number and email back an unlock code. The International Mobile Equipment Identity or IMEI is a 15 digit serial number unique to every GSM cell phone. We generate the unlocking code from the IMEI, this is called remote unlocking. Enter *#06# into your phone to retrieve the unique 15 digit IMEI number. It can also be found printed on the back of the phone underneath the battery. No software or cable is required at all. How do I enter the unlock code?. It is very easy to enter the unlock code. How Safe is it and is it guaranteed to Work?. Removing the network restriction on your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code with unlocking codes is the safest and fastest way to unlock a cell phone. There is absolutely no risk of damaging your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code or void warranty. You simply enter the unlock codes directly into your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code via the ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code’s keypad to remove the network restriction. We guarantee it to work or your money back. On November 26, 2006, the U.S. Copyright Office ruled that consumers can legally unlock their cell phones in order to use them with rival carriers. Some times you might be able to ask your network to provide you with an unlock code. However, they will only do this for free if you have completed your contract. Obviously most networks don't want you moving away from their network so they will often charge extortionate rates to unlock your ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code and you can also be made to wait up to 3 weeks to receive your unlock codes. For USA phones manufactured before January 26th, 2013, you may still legally unlock in accordance with the the Digital Millenium Copyright Act.. It is illegal to unlock USA devices that are manufactured after January 26th, 2013 unless you have permission from your service provider. We will not provide any service for any USA service provider cell phone or smart phone manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later. MasterUnlockCode.com will not be held liable or responsible if you place an order for an unlock code for any USA service provider cell phone that was manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later. If you make a purchase on MasterUnlockCode.com or any affiliated website you accept full responsibility for complying with all local, national, and international laws. MasterUnlockCode.com will not knowingly give any advice or provide any service to anyone who wishes to unlock a phone that was purchased from a USA service provider manufacturered January 26th, 2013 or later in The United States of America.. ZTE Warp 7 Unlock Code , Unlock ZTE Warp 7 , How to unlock ZTE Warp 7 , How to factory unlock ZTE Warp 7 , How to permanently unlock ZTE Warp 7 , Free ZTE Warp 7 unlock instructions. THE MOST RECENTLY ORDERED UNLOCK CODES Another Sucessful unlocking for the ZTE Zinger unlock code Lightening fast Delivery of Another ZTE ATT F160 unlock code Someone just got a Super Cheap ZTE Z992 Avail 2 unlock code Took only minutes to email another ZTE Z431 unlock code Seconds ago Seconds ago Seconds ago Seconds ago. OVER 2,500,000 PHONES UNLOCKED OPEN 24/7 · LOWEST PRICES GUARANTEED!. We are the direct source for IMEI remote unlock codes. We have the fastest processing times. If a code is "Not Found" or if the code isn't working. we will give you a 100% refund. If you are having problems unlocking your device our knowledge staff and support. will guide you through the procedure.. Ready to unlock your device now?. Yes it is completely legal and you will not void the. We have unlocks for most of the major phone manufacturers including Blackberry,. HTC, Samsung, Nokia, Sony Ericcson, LG, Huawei, Palm, HP and many more! If you do. not see your manufacturer listed below please contact us!. By buying a code from us you are getting the fastest and highest quality service. We offer 100% working unlock codes from all the major manufacturers. FAQs | Instructions | Contact Us. www.GSMUnlockUSA.com - #1 Direct Source Wholesale - Store Owners, Dealers and Resellers. How to unlock iPhone 8 Plus. How to unlock iPhone 7 Plus. How to unlock iPhone 6S Plus. How to unlock iPhone 6 Plus. © 2007 - 2018 PD Software Ltd | Home | Terms of Sale | Privacy Policy | Contact Us. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. ZTE Warp 7 - Phone Wallets, Wristlets & Clutches. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. ZTE Warp 7 -Slim Suede Leather Clutch Wallet, Blue. ZTE Warp 7 -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Brown. ZTE Warp 7 -Fitness Armband, Black. Protects your from scratches and scrapes. Dimensions: 5.38(H) x 2.75(W) x 0.31(D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Black. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. ZTE Warp 7 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Pink. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. ZTE Warp 7 -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Oversized Premium Vertical Finished Leather Case, Black. Oversized Hand-Crafted Vertical Leather Carrying Case. Designed for the Device equipped with a heavy-duty or snap-on protective cover. Size: 5.19(H) x 2.99(W) x 0.86(D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Navy. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. ZTE Warp 7 -Genuine Leather Stitched Pieces Crossbody, Black. Removable & Adjustable crossbody strap for comfort and convenience. Dimensions: 4.1 (H) x 7.6 (W) x 0.8 (D) in. ZTE Warp 7 -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Blue. ZTE Warp 7 -LUXMO Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Smart Phone Case with Belt Clip, Black. Dimensions: 3.15 (H) x 6.1 (W) x 0.52 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Rose Red. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. ZTE Warp 7 -Snap Button Clutch Compact wallet with handle, Purple. ZTE Warp 7 -Vegan Leather Laser-Cut Leaf Clutch wallet, Brown. Closure features metal golden leaf detail. Multiple interior card slots and compartments. ZTE Warp 7 -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Gray. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. ZTE Warp 7 -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Light Blue. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. ZTE Warp 7 -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Light Pink. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. ZTE Warp 7 -Extra Slim Snap Button Clutch wallet with Zipper, Brown. The luxurious suede material looks and feels amazing!. Features built-in card slots, zippered pouch and snap closure.. ZTE Warp 7 -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Red. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. ZTE Warp 7 -Armband Case, Purple. Protects your {brand-model} from scratches and scrapes. Dimensions: 4.6 (H) x 2.4 (W) x 0.5 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Holiday Special Striped Horizontal LeatherCase with Belt Clip, Black. Dimensions: 2.3 (H) x 4.7 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Limited Edition Genuine Leather Wristlet Clutch Wallet with Phone Holder, Black. Envelope flap detail with stamped logo lettering. Inside: Three card slots, cash slot, phone slot and extra slot. 6.32"H x 3.64"W x .83"D.Phone slot actual dimensions. ZTE Warp 7 -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Warp 7 -Genuine Leather Shoulder / Crossbody Handbag, Brown. Small but spacious purse for going out. Firm magnetic snap flap closure keeps contents safe. Three interior pockets hold your phone and other accessories. Zippered pocket accommodates change and other small items. Crossbody strap can adjust to your convenience for various ways to wear. ZTE Warp 7 -Limited Edition Genuine Leather Wristlet Clutch Wallet with Phone Holder, Brown. Envelope flap detail with stamped logo lettering. Inside: Three card slots, cash slot, phone slot and extra slot. 6.32"H x 3.64"W x .83"D.Phone slot actual dimensions. ZTE Warp 7 -Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet, Brown. Carry all that you need in this fashionable clutch wallet. Crafted from soft-to-the-touch pebbled grain leatherette material. Unique bow design with metal hardware featured on front. Push button closure for ultimate security. Adjustable elastic inner strap to keep your phone secure. Includes multiple card slots and money pocket. ZTE Warp 7 -Slim Suede Leather Clutch Wallet, Purple. ZTE Warp 7 -Organizer Crossbody Bag with Card Slots, Forest Green. ZTE Warp 7 -Genuine Leather Hand-Crafted Snake-Skin Double Zipper Clutch Wallet, Purple. ZTE Warp 7 -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. 
Phones up to $ 270 Off. Up To $ 150 Off. 4 Lines $ 25 /mo. Choose from Unlimited Data, Family Plans, international calling options, and Wi-Fi Hotspot Plans.. Get your next phone for as low as $1 down. Sign into My Account to see if you qualify.. Managing your account should be easy, and with the My Boost App, it is.. We're looking for energetic retailers to join our award-winning brand.. Shop our outrageous deals on the newest and most popular phones. Or bring your own phone to Boost*.. Get a head start & check out our excellent unlimited data plans while you wait for your order.. When your phone or SIM kit arrives, follow the steps to activate your Boost Mobile service!. *Available only for eligible devices, to see if your phone is compatible, visit our FAQs.. installment agreement, 0% APR, & qualifying device & service plan. Eligible customers can finance up to $300. A down payment is required at time of upgrade. Sales taxes for full purchase price due at the time of the sale. If you cancel wireless service, remaining balance on device becomes due.. Plans: Plans include unlimited domestic talk, text, data (applicable high-speed monthly data allotment), 50 domestic voice roaming minutes (select devices) and 411 Directory Assistance calls (interactive voice services only). The total sales price includes the charge for (1) services and (2) taxes and fees. Funds must be added within 60 days of mo. Family Plan: Up to 5 lines total. Secondary lines responsible for add-on purchases that are not part of the monthly pymt. Data Terms: Once plan’s high-speed data allotment reached, speeds reduced to 2G until monthly plan cycle ends. Unlimited voice and data services are on-network only. Unlimited 4G LTE data where available.. Quality of Service Practices (QoS): Unlimited Gigs customers who use more than 23GB of data during a billing cycle will be de-prioritized during times and places where the Sprint network is constrained. See sprint.com/networkmanagement for details.. Mobile Hotspot, VPN & P2P: Mobile hotspot limited to applicable allotment on the unlimited plans. Other plans, usage draws from high-speed data allotment and limited to 2G speeds once monthly allotment reached.. Unlimited Music Streaming: Some streaming partners may req. paid subscription or assess other fees. Cloud streaming, song downloads, video content, non-audio content & other data sent by streaming partners (e.g., pic advertisements, album art) excluded. Visit boostmobile.com/datafreemusic for details.. Other terms: Boost has no annual svc. is subject to terms & conditions. Sprint 4G LTE network reaches over 290 million people. Boost reserves the right to change or cancel offer at any time. Prohibited network use rules & other restrictions apply.. 
The next video is starting stop. Zte Warp 7 Full Review (Boost Mobile) HD. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. The Full Review of the Zte Warp 7 on Boost Mobile, Best Budget phone for just $99.99? watch this to find out. Subscribe for more zte warp 7 benchmark test: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfHIx... Zte warp 7 Rear Camera test: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfHIx... shop on amazon using my link to help me earn commission: http://amzn.to/29wyLYF try amazon prime free for 30 days, fast free 2 day shipping: https://www.amazon.com/tryprimefree?r... social media: Twitter: @dragonicmobile Instagram: @cd5sanchez Facebook: dragonicwarfare snapchat: smunter3 ----------------------------------------------------------------- Intro Music: Jordan Comolli-Contrast ending music: Not your dope- 5 a.m. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Zte Warp 7 Issues? (Boost mobile) HD. ZTE Warp 7 vs ZTE Warp Elite...Is It Worth The Upgrade? #ZTEWhereIsMyUpdate. ZTE Warp 7 review Pt 1 (Boost Mobile). Samsung Galaxy J7 Vs Zte Warp 7. ZTE Warp 7 Review (Boost Mobile). Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge vs ZTE Warp 7 (Re-Uploaded). Zte Max XL Unboxing Boost Mobile HD. The 2 Best ZTE devices on prepaid/No Contract for $100. Best 100$ Phone You Don't Know About!. ZTE Warp 7 Unboxing/Mini Review Boost Mobile. ZTE Max XL Review Boost Mobile HD. Phones you didn't know Boost Mobile Sold or Still Sells (HD). How I Made My Own iPhone - in China. LG Stylo 2 Tips and Tricks!. ZTE Warp 7 Thoughts And Opinions. ZTE Warp 7 Benchmark Test (Boost Mobile) HD. LG Tribute HD Unboxing ( Boost Mobile). How to Hard Reset Zte Warp 7 HD. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Don't have an account? Sign up. Zte Warp 7 Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Gray. Zte Warp 7 Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Classic Black. Zte Warp 7 Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Hazelnut. Zte Warp 7 Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Turquoise. Zte Warp 7 Vegan Suede Laser Cut Foldover Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Navy Blue. Zte Warp 7 Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Blush. Zte Warp 7 V2 Armor Guard Rugged Case. Zte Warp 7 Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Brown. Zte Warp 7 Top Buckle Crossbody bag with shoulder strap and wristlet, Red. Zte Warp 7 Studded Laser Cut Crossbody Bag Buckle Closure with Adjustable Strap, Taupe. Zte Warp 7 Vegan Suede Laser Cut Envelope Crossbody Bag with Adjustable Strap, Camel. Zte Warp 7 Vegan Suede Laser Cut Envelope Crossbody Bag with Adjustable Strap, Coral. Zte Warp 7 Vegan Suede Laser Cut Envelope Crossbody Bag with Adjustable Strap, Gray. Zte Warp 7 Vegan Suede Laser Cut Envelope Crossbody Bag with Adjustable Strap, Ivory. Zte Warp 7 Vegan Suede Laser Cut Foldover Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Blush. Zte Warp 7 Vegan Suede Laser Cut Foldover Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Camel. Zte Warp 7 Vegan Suede Laser Cut Foldover Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Cocoa Brown. Zte Warp 7 Vegan Suede Laser Cut Foldover Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Gray. Zte Warp 7 Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Bone. Zte Warp 7 Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Horizontal Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Black. Zte Warp 7 Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Horizontal Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Bone. Zte Warp 7 Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Horizontal Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Gray. Zte Warp 7 Vegan Suede Diamond Laser Cut Horizontal Crossbody with Adjustable Strap, Navy Blue. Zte Warp 7 Vegan Suede Flower Applique Crossbody with Adjustable and Detachable Strap, Cocoa Brown. Zte Warp 7 Foldover Flap Crossbody Pouch with Back Pocket, Camel. Zte Warp 7 Foldover Flap Crossbody Pouch with Back Pocket, Gray. Zte Warp 7 Foldover Flap Crossbody Pouch with Back Pocket, Taupe. 
ZTE Warp 7 - user opinions and reviews. Anonymous, 09 Oct 2017 It's been a year and 1 month since I got my ZTE Warp 7...and it has been great except two week... more I'm having the same problem with not being able to be hurt when I'm speaking on the phone and having to put it on speaker phone also when I play my music the music not loud at all the volume is very low so I will choose to buy another phone and not use this one I will be upgrading very soon. It's been a year and 1 month since I got my ZTE Warp 7...and it has been great except two weeks ago, callers couldn't hear me...but when I put on the speaker phone than they could hear me talk. At home I don't mind it but when I'm out and about, putting my conversation for the whole world to hear is just not only embarrassing but rude to people around you. So, Warp 7 was good but it's time to buy a new phone since it'll be way cheaper to do rather than fixing the microphone. Hate this phone it was free when I switched to Boost mobile. Speakers are to low, ever time I make a call or someone calls me they can't hear me and it hangs up on whomever I am talking too hate it but stuck with it for now.. Was excited at first to get the Boost version on Amazon for $60. The speaker is too low and tinny sounding. But worst of all..it got hot quickly. 146° according to the Clean Master app.! And the wall charger also got hot. So I returned and got the newest MOTOE4. Anonymous, 13 Apr 2017 I also would like to know about a Manuel or a website link to manual:. I got my zte warp 7 the very first day it was released and trust me when I say I have gone through a lot of different phones over the last few yes due to not enough memory usually or change of prepd companies with there over priced services until boost mobile came along in my area and thanks to my brother in law introducing me to the company and 3 phones + later with them I found my warp 7 and I have had it ever since I am so happy with it and boost mobile yes every once on awhile I'll check to see if there is something better but there never is my warp 7 is still the best phone out there still as far as androids go as for others not to sure but I love my warp 7 and I do everything on it ty Zte for making the warp 7 great phone as for the power cord u may find them at wallgreens also cause that was the only place that I could find one at the time for mine but nowvu can get it at walmart also. note re: all future android phones and power cords the power cordvthatbthe ZTE WARP 7 uses well that is the new type for all the future android phones at least this is what I was told from a corporate android boss in phoenix,Az. anyways just a mental note for all a specially u warp 7 user needing an extra or spare power cord ty. Tova, 17 Jan 2017 Does anyone know how to get an owners manual? I also would like to know about a Manuel or a website. i got my zte warp 7 2 months aho love it no problems great sound great camara everything is awesome wouldn't trade this phone for anything i recommend people get this phone!!! also you have alot more storage!!! yasss love it. MCruise, 30 Dec 2016 Hey the charging cord your looking for is called USB Type-C Those USB Type C chargers are much easier to find online and a lot cheaper. Haven't checked in a while, but only saw them at the Boost store, plus Walmart and Best Buy. All over $25 at the time. Known of them had that many of them then. Hopefully the prices are starting to come down and store supplies are getting bigger.. Im no game player so, the phone works great for me. My contacts, email and some searching is what I uue it for so. I have not been ecstatic about this phone from the beginning. Stock Messaging doesn't receive MMS messages correctly in group texts. Also in group messages, even though the settings were right, outgoing texts don't stay in the group message, they are delivered individually. Very frustrating and NO ONE at Boost could help me with this. I had to download another text app AND program it to accept MMS from Boost. Figured this out with NO help from Boost. The camera is quirky in focusing and even using the flash, pictures are sometimes very dark. I have all of my volume levels all the way up and yet the ONLY way I can hear a video (FB or YouTube) is by turning the phone around and holding the speaker to my ear. Even then it is difficult to hear. Defeats the purpose of a video! The sound is absolutely HORRIBLE! I am going to count my losses and go back to Samsung. Does anyone know how to get an owners manual?. Special, 22 Dec 2016 What's up with those one of a kind chargers? Can't get a replacement at any of the phone store... more Hey the charging cord your looking for is called USB Type-C. It has an option to have various accounts on one phone. By accounts I mean that when you switch to one account it's like if it's a completely different phone.. What's up with those one of a kind chargers? Can't get a replacement at any of the phone stores, they had no idea that it wasn't regular usb. Gj, 21 Oct 2016 My only complaints is camera, and sound. I've downloaded se apps that's fixed sound, and camer... more I can't hear very good when I call anybody on my phone, Or when they call me. I just got my phone Dec. I even went back to the store they didn't do anything to it. And I don't see how the camera is so great like the guy told me. My only complaints is camera, and sound. I've downloaded se apps that's fixed sound, and camera is better. But all in all very good,if ZTE and boost keep releasing new phones like this at the same price I'll be customer for life. Phone has a lot of bloatware, which causes a heck of a lot of lag. for some reason the sound feels like it is limited to about 90% (even if you put it to 100). The screen drains the battery at an incredible level while the battery not really living up to its full potential leaves you with sadness. small enough to handle properly and it fits really well into my pocket. (a bit cumbersome with a phone protector). the image is nice, the video looks good, the pictures look fantastic. 16GB is a pretty decent size if you are not an app hoarder. I would give it a 6/10 but once there is root maybe I can give it a 8-9/10. processor leaves a little bit to hope for but for the price, everything is just right.. i will wait for warp "9" :). Total of 20 user reviews and opinions for ZTE Warp 7 .. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. ZTE Max XL Motorola Moto G4 Play ZTE Blade Force Samsung I9500 Galaxy S4. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Axon 7 ZTE nubia Z17s ZTE Axon 9 ZTE nubia Z17. 
