Another Affordable Premium 4G Android handset from ZTE. Just a Sleek device.. For those that want a Sleek device.. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus is a 4G LTE 700 smart phone using a Nano SIM slot (4G/3G/2G) + microSD card, running Android 6 (Marshmallow) with a large and bright 5.2â FHD (1920x1080) IPS display. The Plus is that this model now has a Finger print reader on the back.. Driven by a snappy 1.3GHz Octa core CPU with 2GB DDR3 RAM and 16GB ROM with 11.2GB for the user and external microSD card slot for an additional 32GB of user storage.. Some of the other key functionality includes Wi-Fi 802.11b/g/n, A-GPS, Bluetooth 4 Low Energy, FM radio and much more. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus doesn't skimp on cameras either. Fully featured 13MP main camera with A/F that supports Full HD picture / video recording and a 5MP Selfie camera.. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus has a clean OS installed (no extra overlays or themes installed, just straight vanilla Android 6 experience) with only the common applications like Facebook and Twitter etc for optimum use without clutter.. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus is pre-loaded with Android 6 Marshmallow, bringing a more polished design, improved performance and plenty of newÂ. Just say âOK Googleâ to launch voice search, immerse yourself in your favourite media in the new immersive mode, have your top contacts prioritised and keep all your SMS and MMS messages in the same app.. All that on top of other productivity features. Click below for the full list.. Learn more about Android Marshmallow Â». ZTE Blade V7 Plus Overview. Metal bodied handset - Available in Platinum Grey from Officeworks stores and on-line. 4G/3G/2G Android handset with LTE 700. Octa Core CPU from MTK with 2GB DDR3 RAM. Fast / Responsive Finger Print reader on the back. Super fast high speed data transfer over LTE (4G). 13MP camera to capture your favourite moments. 5MP Selfie camera to capture you. 16GB Memory with 11.2GB user space expandable with an additional 32GB microSD. Large 5.2" FHD (1920x1080) IPS Touch Display. Bluetooth 4 LE (Low Energy to support Smart devices) with stereo headset support. FM Radio, MP3 Player and ringtones, A-GPS/GPS. 5 pin micro USB, USB OTG. 13 Mega pixel, with LED flash, digital zoom, auto-focus and high def mode for crystal clear shots. 5 Mega pixel front camera for the perfect selfie. MTK Octa core 1.3GHz 64bit processor with 2GB RAM (DDR3). 16.0GB internal storage (11.2GB user space); expandable to an additional 32GB with external microSD. 5.2" FHD IPS (1920 x 1080) capacitive touch screen. 2500mAh Li-ion battery (not user replaceable). 2100 MHz(Band 1), 1800 MHz(Band 3), 850 MHz(Band 5), 2600 MHz(Band 7), 700 MHz(Band 28) with 150Mbps downlink, 50Mbps uplink. 850 MHz, 900 MHz, 2100 MHz with 42.2Mbps DL / 11.5Mbps UL (HSPA+). Combo SIM / microSD tray slot, 4FF Nano SIM format for SIM microSD card is fitted on the same tray with the SIM. 1.3GHz MTK MT6753 Octa core 64bit CPU with 2GB DDR3 RAM. 16GB Flash with 11.2GB user space, plus up to 32GB microSD external storage. 5.2" FHD IPS, 1920 x 1080, capacitve touch. Rear 13MP rear camera with Auto focus, digital zoom & LED flash. Video recording 30 fps @ 1080p. Streaming: MPEG-4: 1080p / 720p @ 30fps H.264: 720p @ 30fps, H.263: 704*576 @ 30fps (encode) / 1408*1152 @ 30fps (decode)s Recording format: H.263 Simple Profle D1 @30fps. MP3, AAC, AAC+v1, AAC+v2, IMY, MIDI, Ogg, AMR-WB, AMR-NB, APE, FLAC, ADPCM, WAV. Earpiece, Speakerphone & 3.5mm headset (NAHJ standard). Bluetooth Smart V4.0 LE (Low Energy) with: GAP, A2DP1.2(source), AVRCP1.4(controller),GAVDP1.2(Initator), HSP1.2(AG), OPP(Client, Server), PBAP1.0(PSE) HFP1.6(AG),OBEX1.1. Fingerprint reader, Accelerometer, Light, Proximity, Compass, Gyro, Gravity. Platinum Grey is available from Australia Post stores. Facebook, Twitter, Firmware Over the Air (FOTA) upgrade. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus comes with. We will list accessories that you will be able to purchase for your ZTE Blade V7 Plus in the near future.. Apply directly to ZTE Australia within 30 days of your date of purchase. You need to provide a copy of your receipt for verification purposes. Purchase on-line, then provide your device IMEI number and Device Proof of Purchase to validate your cover to support@zte.com.au (include "ZTE" in the subject line of your email otherwise our spam filters will bounce your email). Expect a response email within 48-72hrs. Accidental cover gives you peace of mind and covers repair or replacement up to a total value of $200 for the original warranty period of 1 year. Excluding water damage which is not covered - keep your device dry and safe. Contact ZTE Australia directly by email or on 1300 789 475 to make any claim. The Blade V7 Plus (AU Edition) has a one year manufacturer warranty, but this does not apply to accidental damage such as cracked screens and damaged ports etc. You can purchase an optional Accidental Cover by clicking the button below. Once you have this additional cover you are covered for everything except liquid damage, so keep your devices away from water etc.. All rights reserved by ZTE Corporation and ZTE Australia. All other Corporate names and trademarks are the property of their respective companies. All prices and specifications are subject to change without notice. Images are for illustrative purpose only. Copyright © 2006 - 2018 ZTE Australia.. Privacy Policy | ZTE Cookie Policy | Legal. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100. HSDPA 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800). LTE band 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 7(2600), 12(700), 28(700). 146 x 72.5 x 7.5 mm (5.75 x 2.85 x 0.30 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~70.4% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~424 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 13 MP, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. ZTE Blade V7 - user opinions and reviews. Why can't I simply delete text messages I no longer want? No "delete a text" option available on this stupid phone. My KTE Blade 7 is full of texts I no longer want because it's delete all or don't delete!. Can someone help me? I have the ZTE Blade L7 and i cant find it anywhere! Is it the same with ZTE Blade V7?. The specifications of this phone are just about the same as the Samsung Galaxy S4.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. ZTE Blade V7, Blade V7 Lite and Spro Plus hands-on. ZTE Blade V7 Lite Huawei Honor 5c ZTE Blade V8 Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) ZTE Blade V7 Plus LG K10. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Axon 7 ZTE nubia Z17s ZTE Axon 9 ZTE nubia Z17. 
Ausdroid Australia's favourite source of mobile and personal technology news. Best BYO Plans – 5GB or more. Best BYO Plans – 10GB or more. Best BYO Plans – Unlimited calls and SMS. Telstra Tough Max 2 — Australian Review. Moto Mods – Polaroid Insta-share Printer available for $249. Garmin Vivoactive 3 — Australian Review. Garmin vívofit 4 : Australian Review. Tough machine and now phone maker CAT unveils the S61 with an updated thermal camera on board. LG shows off two new K-series handsets ahead of Mobile World Congress. Samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ Specs and Details leaked with press renders. Here’s a live shot of the Nokia 7+ in the wild. Split screen support for Android apps in tablet mode is now live in Chrome OS Canary. Chrome OS now supports split screen in Tablet Mode on Stable Channel. New Huawei MediaPad Tablets coming including a new Pro model with M-Pen Stylus support. Code suggests Google Assistant is coming to all Chromebooks. Android, Modding & Updates Apps, Games & Google Services Assistant and Artificial Intelligence. Oreo update for Android Wear on Huawei Watch 2 reportedly disabling Android Pay for users outside US/UK. Here’s why Samsung halted the Android 8 Oreo rollout for Galaxy S8 owners. ChromeOS will soon allow you to run Android apps in the background .. and you can try it today. Android 8.0 Oreo is coming to Australian unlocked HTC U11. Google Pay begins to replace Android Pay, with sharp new app design. Optus opens access to National Geographic app to all Australians. Boost Juice are offering the chance to get a BitCoin just by buying a juice. If you’re visiting Optus Stadium in Perth make sure you download the app before hand. Google Assistant integration is coming to the entire Netgear Arlo range of security cameras. Official Samsung Galaxy S9 covers show up with some familiar and some new cases shown off. Lenovo Smart Display with Google Assistant is the smart home device you know you want. D-Link Expands Range of Google Assistant-Compatible Products. Around the Home Daydream, Cardboard & VR Smartwatches. You can now purchase the Nest Cam IQ in Australia. Google Assistant integration is coming to the entire Netgear Arlo range of security cameras. Netgear introduces the Arlo Pro 2 to the Australian market. D-Link introduces two new HD Wi-Fi cameras with Google Assistant support. Google encourages us to capture our most important memories with VR180 cameras. Lenovo’s Mirage Solo standalone Daydream headset is now official. Lenovo standalone Daydream View headset passes through FCC with 4,000mAh battery. Samsung’s Gear VR experience Droid Repair Bay coming to a Samsung Experience Store near you. Oreo update for Android Wear on Huawei Watch 2 reportedly disabling Android Pay for users outside US/UK. Latest Google app update fixes OK Google lag on Android Wear. The Armani Emporio Connected Android Wear watch is available at Harvey Norman. Australian Pricing and Availability for Kate Spade and Skagen Android Wear watches announced. Huawei used a Mate 10 Pro and it’s built in AI to drive a car. Android Auto makes a big leap at CES 2018. Alpine to release a 9 inch Android Auto unit that hovers above the dash. Android Auto is going wireless at CES with new Kenwood head units. An early look: Pocket Casts Web Beta. Chris wraps up the biggest news of the week – 4 June. Phil discusses Day Two of Computex Taipei. Phil wraps up the first day of Computex 2017. ZTE Blade V7 Plus — Review. The phone is extremely well built, easy to hold and looks good. Software is mostly pure stock AOSP Android and contains very little “skinning”. Good size without being too small or too large. Despite lower end specs the phone runs smoothly although apps may take a fraction of a second longer than a high end phone to open. The price is extremely attractive: $297 for Ion Gold/white version at JB Hifi and $269 for Platinum Grey version at The Good Guys. Screen protector renders display impossible to read with sunnies on. Older AOSP apps instead of newer Google apps. ZTE have been around for three decades in international markets, and while they've done a lot of OEM work in Australia, including white-label phones for Telstra, their brand name isn't especially well known to the Australian consumer. However, like many other Chinese manufacturers, they're attempting to turn that around and make inroads into the Australian smartphone market. ZTE have had a few phones in Australia under their own name already, including the recent (and rather excellent) ZTE Axon 7. ZTE are hoping to find further success in the smartphone market here that they've found in other verticals and in other…. ZTE Blade V7 Plus — Review. ZTE Blade V7 Plus — Review. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus is priced in the low end range and performs very well for a $290 phone. The hardware is great quality and the software is decent without being intrusive or covered in bells and whistles that you'll never use.. User Rating: 3.02 ( 3 votes). ZTE have been around for three decades in international markets, and while they’ve done a lot of OEM work in Australia, including white-label phones for Telstra, their brand name isn’t especially well known to the Australian consumer. However, like many other Chinese manufacturers, they’re attempting to turn that around and make inroads into the Australian smartphone market.. ZTE have had a few phones in Australia under their own name already, including the recent (and rather excellent) ZTE Axon 7. ZTE are hoping to find further success in the smartphone market here that they’ve found in other verticals and in other markets, and like many, they’re well placed to do it. These companies — and ZTE are no exception — have enormous manufacturing capability, significant experience in mobile technology, and experience in a number of markets both established and emerging.. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus shows a lot of promise, so let’s read on and see whether it can live up to the name, carry on ZTE’s hopes of increased success in Australia, and more.. One thing the Chinese manufacturers are now bringing to the marketplace is high quality, well built and well designed phones. The Blade V7 Plus might be a lower end phone at an extremely affordable price but the build quality definitely belies it’s price.. The phone is metal bodied and feels much like a Huawei phone. If you have not read my thoughts on Huawei phones lately I feel they make possibly the best quality hardware phones around. The phone feels very sturdy and safe in my hand. With the metal body I am not concerned about it getting scratched at all.. The hardware buttons include the power button on the right hand side of the phone and volume buttons on the left. It took a while to get used to this placement as most phones I’ve used recently have the power and volume buttons on the same side. The buttons feel sturdy, as if they would last longer than a cockroach after an nuclear explosion.. ZTE has decided to forgo on-screen buttons on this device, instead opting for capacitive buttons that light up when pressed. The home button is a circle and is visible at all times but there is no visible evidence of the back or recent button when their lights are off. I tried to use lightflow and LED manager to take over this home circle light for notifications but unfortunately was unsuccessful in this bid. It reminded me of the hardware on the Meizu MX3 except Meizu turned their home circle into a multi-function, multicoloured notification light and button — something ZTE should think about next time.. The Blade V7 Plus is essentially the same size as the Google Pixel. It is a few millimetres longer and a couple of millimetres wider with a bigger display. The size is smaller than I used to with a phone with all of my previous phones being either phablets or pushing the phablet boundary but found it very pleasant to hold in the hand. The metallic back was slightly slippery but I’ve used a lot worse. The corners are rounded nicely so it feels comfortable in the hand.. The display is a 1080p 5.2in IPS LCD which is quite good for a low end phone. The colours *can be* vivid and popping if required. The reason for the stars is that it is up to the user. ZTE have included some software called Miravision which “is a set of engines to enhance display picture quality”. Using this you can set the display to the standard mode, vivid mode, or for the more advanced users, user mode, where you can tune each individual setting independently. Variations of this type of software is something that more and more manufacturers are beginning to include in their devices but to see it on a low end phone and actually work well is really nice.. I do have two gripes with the display. The auto-brightness was very slow to change once the phone is interacted with — longer than any other phone I have used previously. Not a deal breaker but certainly something I noticed. My other gripe was the tempered glass screen protector installed on it by the factory. It fits perfectly, doesn’t seem to affect touch sensitivity (although the screen protector may account for the slow auto-brightness responsiveness) but it was impossible to view comfortably when outside.. This is summer in Australia and when outside most of us wear sunglasses. My sunglasses are polarised but when I am wearing them (and we all should to prevent cancers of the eyes) the display is impossible to read without looking at it from an angle out of the corner of my eye and even then I could only see a fraction of the display. My advice — in Summer, remove the protector and put on a different one if you are likely to spend ANY time outdoors.. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus is a cheap, low end phone and is specced as such. Is that a bad thing? In my opinion, not always and in this case no it is not. The phone itself performed quite well. Sure it wasn’t as snappy as my $1400 Pixel XL but at $290 it should not be expected to be.. Each app opened in a relatively decent time — not instantly but not to the extent I was tapping my toes waiting for it to open. The apps themselves functioned fast enough. Games ran well without any stuttering. Sure, the RAM is limited and the processor is a cheap Mediatek processor but the phone ran smoothly. I’d have to say, if pushed for an answer, it was their lack of a resource hungry skin that helped keep the phone functioning smoothly even after two weeks of constant use. When I review a phone I install every one of my usual apps so there are a lot of apps on it and it still runs fine.. The processor it houses is a Mediatek MTK6753 octacore 64 bit processor with a big-little configuration. There is only 2GB of RAM which, most likely, caused that slow opening of some apps. Other manufacturers should take note at how well a phone can run with low end specs when they don’t decide to “improve” it with their skins.. There is only 16GB of onboard storage but that can be expanded with a microSD card of up to 32GB in size. The 32GB in size is according to the ZTE website but I used a 64GB card in it without any problems at all. The microSD slot can be used as a second SIM slot instead if required. I like the idea of two sims, although I have very little use for one at the moment.. The usb charging port is microUSB — USB Type-C is yet to trickle down to the lower end phones at this stage. The phone does NOT have any form of fast charging that I could get working with my multitude of fast chargers. This is a shame as the 2500mAh battery was not quite enough for a full day of use and Mediatek do have a proprietary fast charging (PumpExpress+). I was able to get between 2.5 and 3 hours of screen on time with heavy usage which is good but not great. When you consider though that this phone is not aimed at a power user who uses Bluetooth all day including some music streaming as constantly checks apps, Twitter etc I have no doubt that it could last a full day with the user ZTE are targeting with this.. There is a fingerprint scanner on the rear of the phone which works well. It wasn’t perfect as it did have the very occasional miss and it wasn’t the fastest I have used but was certainly acceptable.. It is a very sad day when I have to specifically mention that the phone DOES indeed have a headphone jack — at the top of the phone. Anyone else prefer headphone jacks at the bottom so it sits in the pocket better?. ZTE list the Blade V7 Plus as having all the right LTE bands for Australia (well, Melbourne at least) — Bands 1, 3, 7 and 28 — with 150Mbps downlink and 50Mbps uplink. Sounds great on paper but I suspect the antennas are not as good as they could be because I was finding the phone drop down to 3G in areas where, although reception isn’t great, I usually get 4G with my Pixel. In usual high signal areas it performed well but if you live in, or often frequent, an area with known sketchy reception this may be a phone to avoid if you want constant, consistent LTE coverage. At all times I was still able to get decent 3G reception — remember when that was good enough?. The Blade V7 Plus has Bluetooth 4.0LE, which seemed to work well, although I did find that Bluetooth was randomly turned off at various times of the day. I never had any issues while streaming music at the gym but when connected to my Android Wear watch it seemed to switch off occasionally. I suspect the phone turns Bluetooth off after a while when there is no connection and I often walk away from my phone to other areas of my department and lose connection for short periods.. With Wi-Fi I had very few issues although it did seem to use an extraordinary amount of the battery. I suspect ZTE have some form of kernel wakelock associated with Wi-Fi but in the grand scheme of things with this phone it was not a big issue — I just had to remember to turn Wi-Fi off when not using it.. There is a 13MP rear facing camera and a front facing 5MP camera. Both are certainly acceptable but nothing stunning. Zoom them up and the photos lack the sharpness as those from a Pixel but for the average person they are still acceptable photos. The camera app itself is a very basic app which does include a HDR mode but it’s the old, slow capture HDR which 4 months ago was great but that’s so 2016 now thanks to the Pixel.. Check out the images I took below (and keep in mind I am an average photographer at best) and decide for yourself.. Here is where I usually get a bit disappointed with otherwise great phones when it comes to Chinese manufacturers. Their skins, how obtrusive they are, how resource hungry they are and how much they detract from an otherwise great phone make me wonder who is making the design choices at their companies. On this occasion though, I have to say that ZTE have done a great job of not doing any of the above. Maybe that’s why the phone still runs acceptably on average hardware.. The phone itself is running a version of Android that is now getting close to 18 months old which is disappointing in itself but to expect a low end phone with Nougat already is a bit much. Whether the Blade V7 Plus ever sees Nougat is unknown and probably unlikely and to be honest I don’t think it matters. The person this phone is aimed at, for example my Mum, is unlikely to care whether the phone has Marshmallow or Nougat. Some security updates along the way would be nice though and at this stage it seems it is a few months behind on security updates but you would expect it to keep getting those at least.. ZTE have left the OS basically stock. There is a couple of small additions and they have skinned over the battery settings hiding useful information such as which hardware is using all the battery and how much they are using. It was really difficult to find the screen on time but through using Nova activities I was able to make a shortcut to the battery settings that exist in stock Android and obviously sit underneath the battery skin from ZTE.. All the stock apps included on the phone are AOSP apps, not Google apps. There is no Chrome, Google Messenger, Google Now Launcher, Google keyboard, nor Google Calendar. Instead ZTE have included the very much outdated AOSP apps. There is “Ok Google” hot-word activation from any screen on the device and it worked very well, although not from the display off. I’m not sure why they haven’t included the rest of the Google apps themselves but it must be some kind of licencing issue, or it’s just easier because they cannot include the Google apps on their Chinese ROMs and thus would be a lot of extra work to get them working on an international ROM.. The additions ZTE have added to stock Android include gestures and motions which gives the user double tap to wake and the ability to swap the function of the capacitive buttons around. There are also “black screen actions” which includes the ability to launch the camera quickly from the lock-screen but unfortunately performing them still requires the user to unlock the display before it proceeds into the app. There is also the display settings as discussed above.. Once I installed Nova launcher and the Google apps the software was so much better. Maybe ZTE could include a basic Play Store link on the phone to all the apps made by Google to replace the old, outdated and abandoned AOSP apps to help users improve their experience.. As a side note, Android Auto worked seamlessly, as it should with any Android phone in 2017.. If you want a decent, basic software experience with very little interference from well-meaning manufacturers look at ZTE and their phones. The fact they do make a basic AOSP-style ROM for the international version of the phone is something many other manufacturers could certainly learn from.. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus is priced in the low end range and performs very well for a $290 phone. The hardware is great quality and the software is decent without being intrusive or covered in bells and whistles that you’ll never use. While the processor/RAM combination is a tad slow at times it is not like you spend a multitude of seconds waiting for it to stop hanging up. Not once did I experience a hang up, so although the apps took a fraction of a second longer to open than usual they still opened in a reasonable amount of time.. I have no issues recommending the ZTE Blade V7 Plus to anyone who is NOT a power user, anyone who doesn’t have much money to spend on their phone who wants a phone that works while still looking and feeling stylish. I liken it to Oppo F1s but this ZTE phone is a much smaller imprint so would suit some people better. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus is available in two different colours via different channels. Platinum Grey is available from The Good Guys for $299. Ion Gold is exclusive to JB Hi-Fi for $297 .. Disclosure Statement: ZTE agreed that Scott's mum should have this phone, given that he recommended her for it (and vice versa).. Scott is our modding guru - he has his finger on the pulse of all things ‘moddable’, pointing us towards all the cutting edge mods hacks that are available. When he’s not gymming it up, or scanning the heck out of Nexus devices, you'll find him on the Ausdroid Podcast.. Outside of Ausdroid, Scott's a health care professional and lecturer at a well known Victorian university.. Previous HTC U Ultra makes an appearance on Vodafone ad. Next Klipsch R6 Bluetooth Earphones — Australian Review. 3 Comments on "ZTE Blade V7 Plus — Review". Notify of new replies to this comment - (on). Notify of new replies to this comment - (off). Notify of new replies to this comment - (on). Notify of new replies to this comment - (off). Share On Facebook Share On Twitter Share On Google. Ok let’s fix a few issues: If you buy this handset the first thing you should finish install the following apps: Apex Launcher and configure it to your liking MTK Engenier Mode app (it’s a short cut app), once in there you can lock the handset to work in 4G/3G only mode and choose the specific network bands you want, my advice is if your with Optus/Vodafone to only use 3G900MHz only for 3G and set the 4G bands to 850/1800 for Vodafone and 700/1800 for Optus and not bother with 2300, if using for Telstra then set 3G to …. Share On Facebook Share On Twitter Share On Google. I have a ZTE Blade A475, Android Auto works on the phone but can not connect to my 2016 Captiva, is this possible with this phone????. Share On Facebook Share On Twitter Share On Google. i am wondering if this phone has waterproof or splash proof protection?. Share On Facebook Share On Twitter Share On Google. Unless local support is of absolute paramount importance, I find these phones increasingly hard to call relevant considering the xiaomi Mi5 is available for a similar price, and the Redmi Note 3 Pro is even cheaper…even the Moto X Force can be had for $350ish if grey importing is not an issue…. Tough machine and now phone maker CAT unveils the S61 with an updated thermal camera on board. CAT, a company more well known for their big machinery is also in the ruggedised …. Ausdroid is a labour of love. Ausdroid is Australia’s only news outlet dedicated to coverage of all things Android, mobile and personal technology.. We’re independent, and though we work with major brands, we don’t work for them; we share our opinions, not theirs, and that won’t ever change.. Tune in for your daily fix of news from our talented writers. and enjoy the best of what Ausdroid has to offer.. About Ausdroid · Ausdroid Staff · Disclosure and Interests · Editorial Statement · Contact Us · Send us a tip. Sony’s first full screen phones, the Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact leaked by Evan Blass prior to their MWC 2018. unveil… https://t.co/Vt52ucIzo8 58 mins ago. Google set to show the potential of RCS at MWC. 2018 https://t.co/xU4Tg3uXK5 https://t.co/zDaSJXiBgg 9 hours ago. Google Head of Communications and Photos products, Anil Sabharwal is heading to Australia as Engineering Site. lead… https://t.co/0RvXYMBFqg 11 hours ago. @hueman_being meanwhile maybe a FLIR attachment for your phone. We'll see if they're showing at MWC and ask about local distributors 13 hours ago. Brought to you by (amongst other things) Dan Goodes. © Copyright 2018, All Rights Reserved.. You are going to send email to. 
The maximum number of products that can be compared is 4. Your session is about to timeout due to inactivity. Click OK to extend your time for an additional 30 minutes.. Suggested site content and search history menu. OLED TVs 48 to 60 inches. Ultra HD TVs Under 48 Inches. Ultra HD TVs 48 to 60 inches. Ultra HD TVs Over 60 inches. Full HD TVs Over 60 inches. Full HD TVs Under 48 Inches. Full HD TVs 48 to 60 inches. HD TVs 48 to 60 inches. Bonus Jamie Oliver Cutlery with Selected Smeg Ovens - Claim by 26/02/18. PAY LESS Payback eftpos Card on Selected Technika Ovens and Cooktops - Claim by 26/02/18. PAY LESS Payback eftpos Card on selected cooking appliances and dishwasher - Claim by 07/03/18. Bonus Jamie Oliver Cutlery Set with Selected Smeg - Claim by 07/03/18. 20% off selected GPS & Dash Cams. Coolers & Air Treatment Gold Service Extras. Phones & Tech Products Gold Service Extras. Small Kitchen Appliances Gold Service Extras. Vacuums & Cleaners Gold Service Extras. Health & Grooming Gold Service Extras. You can create impressive image enlargements with this ZTE mobile phone's 13 MP camera resolution. It has an Android 6.0 operating system. Also, the ZTE phone has a 1.3 GHz octa-core processor, so you can run software efficiently. Its 16 GB storage capacity allows you to save your favourite applications and video games. You can create impressive image enlargements with this ZTE mobile phone's 13 MP camera resolution. It has an Android 6.0 operating system. Also, the ZTE phone has a 1.3 GHz octa-core processor, so you can run software efficiently. Its 16 GB storage capacity allows you to save your favourite applications and video games. Extend memory capacity with the phone's 32 GB of expandable storage. It features a 5.2-inch display, 1080p HD recording, Wi-Fi, a Bluetooth connection, and GPS capability. This ZTE phone is gray and platinum. It has a 14.8mm width, a 72mm height, and a 7.5mm depth. And, the phone features 2500 mAh battery and a 1 year manufacturer warranty. Replace your old mobile device thanks to this ZTE mobile phone.. 3*x $20 store credits per year of membership you buy from 3-5 years;. Up to $100 price shield store credit if our price drops within 30 days;. Exclusive Concierge rewards including VIP offers, competitions and giveaways;. Dedicated Concierge service via phone and Facebook page, for prompt assistance; and. 30 days unlimited tech support from when you buy. *Up to 9 x $20 credits paid in any single calendar year depending on the number of Gold Service Extra plans held at any time.. Simply add ‘Gold Service Extras’ to your cart with a product.. Designed to make life easier, Concierge Gold Service Extras gives you:. Congratulations! Your product has been added to the cart.. 3 Years Concierge Gold Service Extras $59.00. Want ongoing Concierge service for your new product and lots of extras?. With Concierge Gold Service Extras assistance with repairs, replacements and more is just a call away, plus you get lots of extras like exclusive Concierge Rewards.. Add Gold Service Extras for $ 1.64 /month ($ 19.67 per year). How it works | Terms and Conditions. Yes, Add 2 Years. This item has been successfully added to your list. Find the closest store with stock available. Estimate delivery cost when buying online. Usually ships in 3 - 5 business days. Add Gold Service Extras to this product for Concierge Service and ongoing assistance.. When you add Concierge Gold Services Extras to your purchase you get:. Dedicated Concierge service that’s just a call away to assist you with repairs, replacements and claims, including those related to the normal wear and tear of your purchase. Access to exclusive Concierge Rewards you can use to save on everyday expenses like groceries and petrol or fun things like travel, entertainment and dining across Australia. Lots of extras including multiple store credits for savings at The Good Guys, service credits for savings on other Concierge Service & Support purchases, up to $100 Price Shield store credit if our price drops within 30 days, 30 days unlimited Tech Support for help with using your technology and so much more!. Concierge Gold Service Extras provides ongoing service with lots of extra benefits to make life easier and more rewarding for you.. *See full Terms and Conditions for details. THE FULL CONCIERGE GOLD SERVICE EXTRAS. The Good Guys Concierge Gold Service Extras Terms and Conditions. This document sets out the full Terms and Conditions of Concierge Gold Service Extras.. 1.1 Your Rights under the Australian Consumer Law. Our goods come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law. You are entitled to a replacement or refund for a Major Failure and compensation for any other reasonably foreseeable loss or damage.. You are also entitled to have the goods repaired or replaced if the goods fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not amount to a Major Failure.. Under the Australian Consumer Law, these rights apply regardless of Your participation in this Concierge Gold Service Extras, commencing from the date You purchase the product and extend for a ‘reasonable period’. What is a “reasonable period” will depend on all of the relevant circumstances set out in the Australian Consumer Law, including the price of the Product, how it is Used and its nature.. In addition, You may also be entitled to have the Product repaired or replaced under the terms of a voluntary Manufacturer’s Warranty. Information on the Manufacturer’s Warranty is contained in the relevant Product packaging or available from store staff.. Certain benefits You receive under Your Concierge Gold Service Extras are already available to You under Australian Consumer Law. Some of these benefits include the right to reimbursement of reasonable extra costs or loss You can show resulted from a faulty product. The Concierge Gold Service Extras does not seek to reduce, qualify or limit those rights in any way but to make enforcement or recovery of these costs simpler and less stressful for You.. The benefits under the Concierge Gold Service Extras for which You pay are intended to be those benefits which are additional to rights and remedies already available under the Australian Consumer Law and any other law that applies to the goods and services that You purchase from Us.. Concierge Gold Service Extras does not change or remove any rights that the Australian Consumer Law or a Manufacturer’s Warranty may give You, but seeks to give You further benefits, certainty of outcome and to extend or strengthen what You may otherwise have. You are only paying for the rights and benefits that are additional to the rights You have under the Australian Consumer Law.. 1.2 No Performance Guarantee or Insurance. Concierge Gold Service Extras is not a guarantee of performance or an insurance policy nor is The Good Guys an insurer. Gold Service Extras is subject to these contractual terms and conditions as agreed between You and Us.. 1.3 Modifications to Terms and Conditions. The Good Guys may change the benefits received and terms and conditions of Concierge Gold Service Extras from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Upon any change in the benefits or terms and conditions, The Good Guys will notify You directly or by updating the terms and conditions on its website located at www.thegoodguys.com.au. The Good Guys reserves the right to modify or discontinue Concierge Gold Service Extras as long as it provides compensation up to the value of the unused, modified or discontinued service, except in the case of benefits described as any type of Store Credit.. Business Days means a day not being a Saturday or Sunday or a public holiday in Australia.. Concierge Team means a dedicated call centre service operated by Us which is accessible by calling 1300 765 988 Monday to Saturday (9am -6pm AEST).. Concierge Gold Service Extras means the benefits and priority service. applicable to Your Product as detailed in these Terms and Conditions.. Concierge Rewards refers to the rewards provided by The Good Guys. which are at all times subject to the Concierge Rewards Terms and. Essential Appliance refers to: a television, washing machine,. dishwasher, split system air conditioner, oven, and cooktop.. Larger Items means televisions with a screen size of forty inch (40”). and above, washing machines, dryers, fridges, freezers, dishwashers. and cooking appliances (including wall ovens, under bench ovens,. freestanding ovens, cooktops, rangehoods and integrated microwaves).. Major Failure has the meaning given in the Australian Consumer Law. in Schedule 2 of the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth), see. Manufacturer’s Warranty means the voluntary warranty (if any) for. parts and/or labour provided by the manufacturer of the Product.. Mechanical or Electrical Failure means a sudden and unforeseen. breakdown of the Product arising from a mechanical or electrical. fault including any failure arising from Wear and Tear (excluding a. gradual reduction of the operating performance of the product), but not. including those listed in section 6.1 under the heading ‘Excluded faults’.. Original Purchase Price means the amount paid by You to The Good. Guys to purchase the Product, as recorded on the original purchase. receipt and/or tax invoice for Your Product.. Original Purchase Price means the amount paid by You to The Good. Guys to purchase the Product, as recorded on the original purchase. receipt and/or tax invoice for Your Product.. Product means any electrical or battery operated appliance that You. purchase from The Good Guys as described in the original purchase. receipt and/or tax invoice for the product.. Tech Support means the assistance to users of technology products. provided and administered by SMSe Technologies over the phone.. Techzone Products are laptops, PCs, printers, tablet computers, GPS. navigation devices, cameras, computer accessories, phones, TVs,. DVDs, Blu-rays, audio, audio accessories, electronic health and fitness. trackers, eReaders, and other similar technology based Products that We. reasonably consider to be a Techzone Product for the purposes of Tech. The Good Guys means the owner of The Good Guys store from which. the Product was purchased and any additional party referred to on Your. original purchase receipt and/or tax invoice.. Third Party Service Provider means any replacement or other Third. Party Service Provider appointed to provide the Third Party Services.. Third Party Service means the provision of the Concierge Rewards;. Tech Support and all other support services which may be required to. administer the Concierge Gold Service Extras including those that may. be added from time to time.. Verified Fault is where an authorised repairer has assessed the Product. and concluded that there is a manufacturing/product fault.. We, Us, Our refers to The Good Guys or any authorised agent of The. Good Guys whose name appears on the receipt and/or tax invoice for. Your Product and Your Concierge Gold Service Extras.. You, Your, or Yours means the person or persons named as the. purchaser on the original purchase receipt and/or tax invoice for Your. Product and Your Concierge Gold Service Extras.. EXPLAINING THE GOOD GUYS CONCIERGE GOLD. You can add Concierge Gold Service Extras whenever You purchase. most products from The Good Guys, or within 14 days of Your. By purchasing Concierge Gold Service Extras, You can receive. personalised Concierge service from the day You purchase Your. The Concierge Team can assist You with product repairs,. have the option to claim The Good Guys Price Shield, receive Tech. You have Your own, exclusive Concierge Team available. Monday to Saturday 9am-6pm (AEST) to assist You with any enquiries. All You need to do is call 1300 765 988 and the Concierge. Team will take care of everything for You.. You decide how long Concierge Gold Service Extras’ last. When You purchase Your product, You can add Concierge Gold Service. Extras for 3 years for tech products and products valued at $500 or less,. 7 years for split system air conditioners, and 3 or 5 years for all other. Your Concierge Gold Service Extras offers a range of exclusive benefits. for both Your product and You:. 3.1 Concierge 30 Day Price Shield. If a product You have purchased drops in price at The Good Guys by. $5.00 or more within 30 days of Your purchase, You can receive the. price difference (up to $100) back by redemption as a store credit. is available in addition to The Good Guys 30 Day Price Guarantee for. To be eligible for a Concierge Price Shield claim, You must have. purchased a product with Concierge and lodge an online claim within. 30 days of your purchase date. Evidence of The Good Guys lower. advertised price must also be provided. in full and delivered and applies to personal shoppers only. Eligible claims will receive back the price difference as a store credit via. Some claims may be rounded up to the nearest. A valid mobile number must be supplied on the online claim. The store credit will be valid for 7 days from the date of issue. credits cannot be exchanged for cash. Store Credits cannot be used to. purchase gift cards, epay and iTunes cards, and excludes Apple, AEG,. ASKO, Miele, Neff, Bertazzoni, La Germania, Fisher & Paykel BBQs,. Claims can only be submitted online at www.thegoodguys.com.au. and are not available in store. Price Shield excludes The Good Guys. pricing from 22 December to 1 January (inclusive), advertising errors or. misprints, verbally negotiated prices, cash backs and discounts offered. by a supplier or another third party, bonus offers, limited or minimum. quantity offers, clearance and The Good Guys eBay Outlet. and conditions of Our “Concierge Price Shield” are subject to change. For each twelve months from the date of your purchase, a $20 store credit for The Good Guys will be sent to You three times each year until Your Concierge Gold Service Extras expires. You can only receive Your store credit via SMS to a valid mobile number provided to Concierge. You must provide a valid mobile number to receive store credits.. Your Store Credit can be redeemed either online or at any of The Good Guys stores across Australia, by the expiry date specified in the SMS. For customers who purchase multiple Gold Service Extras, a maximum of nine $20 store credits will be issued in any 12 month period from date of purchase. No additional store credit entitlement is earned for holding four or more Concierge Gold Service Extras at any one time.. Each store credit will have a dated period of validity, generally four days. $20 store credits can only be used on the ticket price of products, no further discounts apply. Each Store Credit is unique and can only be redeemed once. $20 store credit offers cannot be used in conjunction with any other store credit offers. Store credits cannot be exchanged for cash. Store Credits cannot be used to purchase gift cards, epay and iTunes cards, and excludes Apple, AEG, ASKO, Miele, Neff, Bertazzoni, La Germania, Fisher & Paykel BBQs, Falcon and other agency brands.. The Terms and Conditions of Concierge $20 store credits are subject to change without notice; including individual outlets where the credits can be redeemed and whether a minimum spend is required before their use.. You can receive a $20 Concierge Service Credit to put towards any Concierge service, such as Home Installation for a new product in Your home. Simply call the Concierge Team when You are ready to use Your Service Credit and the Concierge Team will make all the arrangements for You. You are entitled to one Concierge Service Credit per registered mobile number (customer).. Each $20 Concierge Service Credit will have a dated period of validity. A maximum of one credit per service; not to be used in conjunction with other offers. Store Service Credits cannot be exchanged for cash. Store Service Credits can only be used for individual services published on the Concierge Home Installation portal at www.thegoodguys.com.au/concierge. The Terms and Conditions of the Concierge $20 Service Credit are subject to change without notice; including individual outlets where the credits can be redeemed and whether a minimum spend is required before their use.. 3.4 $20 Air Conditioner Cleaning Credit. You can receive a $20 credit to put specifically towards a Concierge split system Premium Air Conditioner Cleaning Service, which we recommend for split system air conditioners every twelve months. Simply call the Concierge Team when you’re ready to use Your credit and Concierge will make all the arrangements for You. You’re entitled to one Air Conditioner Cleaning credit per Gold Service Extras per registered mobile number (customer).. NOTE: Some areas may not be serviced. In these cases this benefit is void if the address for the service cannot be serviced by an approved Concierge split system Premium Air Conditioner Cleaning Agent.. Each $20 Concierge split system Premium Air Conditioner Cleaning Service Credit will have a dated period of validity. A maximum of one credit per service; not to be used in conjunction with other offers. These particular Credits cannot be exchanged for cash. These particular Credits can only be used for individual households. Areas serviced are published on the Concierge Home Installation portal at www.thegoodguys.com.au/concierge. You are entitled to 30 days best effort unlimited Tech Support over the phone for help with setting up and using Your technology from the date You purchase Concierge Gold Service Extras. This is available to You on new products or something You already own, no matter where You purchased it. You can access this benefit by calling the Concierge Line on 1300 765 988 Monday to Saturday 9am–6pm (AEST).. The Concierge Tech Team can help You connect Your devices using Bluetooth, set up Skype on Your laptop or tablet, create a new email account, and set Your wireless printer to print photos straight from Your phone using an app. They can also help You install an app on Your phone or tablet, like a TV remote app so You can use Your phone or tablet to control Your TV.. The advice You will receive will be based on the latest technical knowledge available at the time. Operating systems older than Windows 7 are excluded. Concierge Gold Service Extras Tech Support has other certain limitations, restrictions, and exclusions. These include but are not limited to the following:. Remote assistance is only available to support current operating systems eg; Windows 7, 10.. The Tech Support Team must be able to locate your device information in order to provide technical support. In regards to products where technical specifications or operating guides are not accessible, tech support will not be available.. Specialist software for businesses are excluded;. Where a customer is unable or unwilling to follow or understand instructions on the telephone, or where a customer is unable to comprehend what is being asked of them, the customer may be referred back to staff within The Good Guys store for further assistance;. Troubleshooting issues that are likely to be resolved by upgrading Your (i) operating system; (ii) consumer software; or (iii) both to the current version, if You choose not to upgrade;. Damages to or loss of any software or data that was residing or recorded on the covered Product; and. The recovery or reinstallation of user data.. Products with operating systems or software older than Windows 7 cannot be supported.. If a customer’s PC or laptop has been assessed and a virus is evident, the customer will be instructed to attend their local The Good Guys store for further assessment and remedy.. Some Technical Support may require that The Good Guys access your computer. If The Good Guys or a Third Party Service Provider is required to access Your computer in the course of providing the assistance to You, The Good Guys or a Third Party Service Provider will not be responsible or liable under any circumstances whatsoever for any loss or corruption of the data stored on Your computer howsoever caused so we strongly advise that You backup Your data before the service is performed.. Please be aware that where the Product is capable of retaining Usergenerated data, this may be lost during a repair process. We accept no liability for any loss of data during repair. Again we recommend that You back up Your data prior to any repair. Data may be stored in files and folders on appliances such as Your computer, telephone contacts in Your mobile telephone, songs and other media stored on portable recordable devices and games saved on consoles.. The Good Guys or a Third Party Service Provider will not back up any data on Your computer in the course of providing the service. Where remote access is requested or used, a broadband or faster internet connection will be required; if not available, remote assistance will not be accessible to You.. You are responsible for all data and time usage on Your internet connection during the course of remote assistance. For software installations, The Good Guys or a Third Party Service Provider may accept End User License Agreements (EULAs) on Your behalf and You irrevocably authorise The Good Guys and/or its agents to accept any relevant (EULAs) on Your behalf. Copies of EULAs are available upon request.. Software installations do not include software setup, or configuration, smart TV set-up, other than wifi setup. Training on software will be limited to specific software suites. The Good Guys strongly recommends having an internet security program running on Your computer. This Technical Support will be provided by SMSe Technologies, on behalf of The Good Guys.. 3.6 Simple Replacement of Products $500 or Less. In cases where you just change your mind…. You purchased the Product for $500 or less. You purchased the Product within the last 30 days. You return all Product contents to The Good Guys including any accessories and packaging originally supplied with the product.. The Product is not mechanically or cosmetically damaged in any way.. Your exchange request relates to the Product’s size and suitability. We will not grant an exchange request if you change your mind about the colour or finish.. You return the Products to The Good Guys store from where it was purchased (or shipped from in the case of online orders).. If Your product is valued at $500 or less and it’s faulty, Your product will be replaced so You don’t have to wait for it to be repaired. Simply call the Concierge Team and if You have a small appliance; you’ll be given a claim number to take to The Good Guys store nearest You, along with Your faulty product so the fault can be verified and You can take home an equivalent product replacement. If You have a large appliance, the Concierge Team will arrange for an Authorised Service Agent to complete an in home assessment to verify the fault prior to any equivalent replacement product being offered. This is subject to the Excluded Faults Clause under 6.1 in this Terms and Conditions.. If Your Product purchased with the Concierge Gold Service Extras is valued at $500 or less and is deemed faulty, we will replace the faulty appliance with an equivalent product of equal or lesser value than Your original purchase.. For Small Appliances the Concierge Team will provide You with a claim number to take to The Good Guys store of Your choosing with Your small appliance. The fault will be verified by one of Our team. Upon verification of the fault, an equivalent replacement item will be issued as per Clause 5.3.1 ‘Repair and Replacement terms’ in this Terms and Conditions.. For Large Appliances the Concierge Team will arrange for an Authorised Service Agent to complete an in home assessment of the faulty appliance to verify the fault. Once the fault has been verified, the Concierge Team will provide You with a claim number to The Good Guys store of your choosing, where an equivalent replacement product will be issued as per Clause 5.3.1 ‘Repair and Replacement terms’ in these Terms and Conditions.. In some circumstances, you may prefer to have your product repaired rather than replaced. If this is the case, by mutual agreement, we may offer You this option if possible.. If Your purchase doesn’t meet Your expectations when you get it home because it doesn’t physically fit in the space intended, or doesn’t meet your needs based on reasonable assumptions, call the Concierge Team and request that the product be replaced or exchanged with a similar product. This offer is made on the basis that:. The Concierge Team will assess the request and if a replacement product is approved, organise the replacement and store authorisation. The Good Guys will not pay any transport charges for the return of goods You are seeking to exchange or for the removal or reinstallation of goods You are seeking to exchange. If You decide to exchange Your product for a cheaper appliance, You will receive the price difference as a store credit from The Good Guys, not in cash.. If Your essential appliance will be out of action for more than ten (10) days from the time of assessment, Concierge Gold Service Extras will provide You with a $100 allowance as an eftpos card. Essential Appliances are defined as: televisions, washing machines, dishwashers, split system air conditioners, ovens, and cooktops.. If Your fridge or freezer has a verified fault, notify the Concierge Team and You will receive a $100 eftpos card for food spoilage. Every time You purchase Concierge Gold Service Extras You will be entitled to receive Concierge Rewards, which You can redeem on a range of products, offers and discounts.. To be eligible to claim Concierge Rewards please provide a valid email address and a valid mobile telephone number to The Good Guys when You add Concierge Gold Service Extras to Your purchase.. Concierge Rewards come in the form of boxes, which You can unlock with each purchase of Concierge Gold Service Extras. You have 12 months to access Your Concierge Rewards Boxes from Your date of purchase. You can add more Rewards Boxes by purchasing additional Gold Service Extras from The Good Guys. Each set of Rewards Boxes will expire 12 months from the purchase date.. While Your Boxes will expire, Your Concierge Rewards account will remain accessible. To take advantage of Your Rewards and unlock additional Boxes, simply purchase Concierge Gold Service Extras in store or online.. Full terms and conditions for each individual reward are available online or You can contact the Concierge Team on 1300 765 988, Monday to Saturday 9am-6pm AEST. The Terms and Conditions of Our “Concierge Rewards” are subject to change without notice. These rewards can only be claimed by the person registered as the product purchaser at the time of purchase in store or online at The Good Guys. Further information about Concierge Rewards can be found at www.thegoodguys.com.au/concierge/concierge-rewards. If Your product is serviced by Concierge Gold Service Extras, requires repair and We request the product be sent to Our repairer, We will pay for the cost to courier or freight the product, excluding any barge or ferry costs, from Your home to Our approved repairer and from Our approved repairer back to Your home.. 3.11 Continuous Cover from Day One. Your product is protected and Your Concierge Gold Service Extras benefits are available, from the date You purchase Your product. Your Concierge Gold Service Extras continues for the period starting from Your original purchase date, even if Your product is repaired or replaced during that time.. To utilise the benefits of Concierge Gold Service Extras, You can simply call The Concierge Team on 1300 765 988 Monday to Saturday 9am – 6pm AEST or email concierge@thegoodguys.com.au to access Your Concierge Gold Service Extras.. If You have not utilised any of Your Concierge Gold Service Extras or benefits within thirty (30) days, You can return to the store of purchase for a full refund of Your Concierge Gold Service Extras.. 4.3 Not available for Commercial Use. Apart from purchases of tech products for small office use (5 people or less), Concierge Gold Service Extras is not available for products used for commercial purposes. Please advise The Good Guys of the intended product use at the time of purchase, as You may not be eligible for the services and rewards included in Concierge Gold Service Extras for a product that is intended to be used commercially.. 4.4 How do I make a complaint?. Your satisfaction is Our number one priority. Please let the Concierge Team know if You have any problems by calling 1300 765 988 Monday to Saturday, 9:00am-6.00pm (AEST) so We can help.. For Large Products, the Concierge Team will contact an Authorised Service Agent on Your behalf and arrange an assessment and repair of Your product. The Authorised Service Agent will contact You to confirm an appointment time that is convenient without You needing to leave home. The Concierge Team will work with You and the Authorised Service Agent to ensure Your assessment or repair has been completed in a timely manner and You are satisfied with the results.. For Small products, The Concierge Team will contact an Authorised Service Agent on Your behalf and arrange an assessment and repair of Your product. We may ask You to take Your product to an Authorised Service Agent or store close to Your home so we can ensure the fastest repair possible. Please let us know if You are unable to take Your product to a local repairer and The Concierge Team will work with You to make alternative arrangements. The Concierge Team will work with You and the Authorised Service Agent to ensure Your assessment or repair is completed in a timely manner and You are satisfied with the results.. 5.1 Eligibility for the Concierge Gold Service Extras. This Concierge Gold Service Extras is only available if the product:. Is manufactured for Use in Australia;. Is one of the following types of product:. A domestic product, such as an appliance, Used by You, for domestic or personal purposes only; or. An office product, such as a PC, Laptop, tablet, facsimile machine, photocopier, computer, scanner, printer, other computer peripheral or telephone, designed, and Used by You, for personal or office purposes (provided the Product is in an office of a maximum of five (5) people).. Is NOT one of the following types of excluded products: BBQs, BBQ Accessories, BBQ Tools, BBQ Cleaning, Sinks & Taps, Kitchen Sinks, Kitchen Taps & Filters, Kitchen Appliance Accessories, Water Filters, Coffee Machine Cleaner, all Kitchenware products (except Food Vacuum Sealers), Fridge Accessories, Miscellaneous Fridge Accessories, Ironing Boards & Accessories, Washer and Dryer Accessories, Laundry Accessories, Vacuum Attachments & Accessories, Bathroom Scales, Apple TV, DVD & Blu-Ray Movies, TV Cables & Accessories, TV Accessories, TV Cables, Power Boards & Extension Leads, TV Antennas, Wall Mounts & Stands, TV Wall Brackets, TV Cabinets & Stands, iPods, iPads, iPad Accessories, iPhones, Mobile Accessories, Audio Accessories, Cases & Protectors, Audio Cables, Tablets Accessories, MacBooks, Mac Desktops, Software & Peripherals, USB & Hard Drives, Computer Bags, Home Business & Security Software, Mobile Broadband, Computer Accessories, Ink Toner, Paper & Cables, Office Supplies, GPS Accessories, Camera Accessories.. This Concierge Gold Service Extras commences from the date of purchase of Your Product and is valid for the period detailed on Your purchase receipt as a total period value next to the Concierge Product. The duration of the cover available will depend upon the Product purchased, subject to any cancellation rights:. Techzone Products and Products purchased for $500 or less are eligible for cover of three (3) years;. Products purchased (excluding Techzone Products and split system air conditioners) for over $500 are eligible for cover of three (3) or five (5) years; and. Split System Air conditioners are eligible for cover of seven (7) years.. Your Concierge Gold Service Extras will continue for the fixed term You have purchased regardless of if the Product is replaced, as long as it is replaced in accordance with section 5.3.1 under the heading ‘Repair and Replacement Terms’.. 5.3.7 Reimbursement for Specific Product Failures. 5.3.8 In-home Repair for Larger Items. In the event of a Mechanical or Electrical Failure of the Product, if We cannot solve the problem by phone when You call the Concierge Line, We may:. Have Our approved repairer carry out repairs to the Product; or. If We decide the Product is unable to be repaired or uneconomical to do so, replace the Product with a Product of the same or similar make and technical specification as determined by Us that does not exceed the Original Purchase Price.. Repairs and/or costs associated with repairs to Your Product will be at no cost to You provided they are not otherwise excluded as noted in Section 6.2 below.. We will repair or replace the Product or relevant parts with the same or equivalent Product or parts. If the manufacturer or their agents only offer a refurbished part or product swap facility, We may replace the Product with a refurbished product of the same type, rather than repairing it. For the purposes of this Concierge Gold Service Extras, the replacement in this instance will be deemed a repair. Refurbished parts may be Used to repair the product.. Determining the most appropriate like for like replacement will be at our discretion and the replacement product We supply may have a lower selling price and is not limited to the original manufacturer of Your Product.. Where We have replaced the Product with a like for like replacement, Your Concierge Gold Service Extras will continue (continuous cover) on the replacement product for the fixed term You have purchased, from the original purchase date.. Where We are unable to provide an equivalent replacement product, We may provide a store credit that You can use to select a similar product, up to the value of the original Product purchased. If this is the case, the following applies;. If the product selected is of a lesser value than the original product purchased, no refund of the difference in price will be provided. Your continuous cover will remain in place for the duration of the fixed term You have purchased, at the original Product purchase price, not the cost of the replacement. Even though the cost of the replacement product is of a lesser value than the original Product purchased.. If the product selected is of a greater value than the original Product purchased, You will be required to pay any difference in the price of the replacement product. Your continuous cover will remain in place for the duration of the fixed term you have purchased, at the original Product purchase price, not the cost of the replacement unless explicitly agreed in writing. Even though the cost of the replacement product is of a greater value than the original Product purchased.. If you choose to select a product that is not in the same category as the original Product purchased, or choose to have the replacement value paid out in the form of a store credit, your Gold Services Extras will cease.. Where We have replaced the Product, the faulty Product or parts replaced become Our property. You may dispose of the Product if We agree and it is in Your possession.. If the repair of Your Product is not completed within thirty (30) days from the date We first inspect it, subject to You being available for any appointment reasonably proposed by our Authorised Service Agent or the date We receive Your Product (if it was couriered to Us), We will, upon Your request replace Your Product in accordance with section 5.3.1 under the heading ‘Repair and Replacement Terms’.. If Your Product suffers a Mechanical or Electrical Failure while in Your possession and while You are out of Australia, You will be required to pay for the repair Yourself, and claim from Us upon return a reimbursement of up to AUD $250 of the repair costs. You must notify and provide Us with an itemised invoice within fourteen (14) days of Your return to Australia as well as proof of travel (flight itinerary or booking confirmation). We will reimburse You as soon as practicable after receiving a valid invoice. You are eligible for a maximum of one (1) worldwide travel cover claim per year.. If a product has a recurring fault which requires repairing more than three (3) times as a result of Mechanical or Electrical Failure, the Product will be replaced with an equivalent product on the subsequent visit after an assessment has been made at Your request, notwithstanding section 5.3.1 under the heading ‘Repair and Replacement Terms’.. The Concierge Team will make arrangements for Your product to be repaired. If Your product is faulty and classified as an Essential Appliance and the Concierge repair network can’t fix the problem within 10 days, You’ll receive a $100 allowance as an eftpos card.. If Your fridge or freezer breaks down, notify the Concierge Team and You will receive a $100 eftpos card for food spoilage. No waiting period applies when making a claim for food spoilage and You will not be required to provide any receipts.. For products which are larger Items, in most cases any repairs under Concierge Gold Service Extras will, where possible, be undertaken in Your home if those repairs can be carried out effectively and safely (as determined reasonably by Us). If repairs are required to be undertaken at an approved repairer’s premises, We will bear all cost to remove and re-install and to transport the product to and from those premises for Larger Items.. If Your Product is serviced by Concierge Gold Service Extras and requires repair and We request the product be sent to Our repairer, We will pay for the cost to courier or freight the product, excluding any barge or ferry costs, from Your home to Our approved repairer, and from Our approved repairer back to Your home.. With Your current Concierge Gold Service Extras purchase, You will have access to Our approved Repair Network. This means that while Your current purchased Product is already covered, You will also have access to Our Repair Network for any existing Larger Items in Your home. It doesn’t matter how old they are or where You purchased them. With these items We will provide details of an approved and reliable Third Party Service Provider to You, where the call out and repair costs will be at Your expense.. If Your Product breaks down due to Wear and Tear arising from normal Use of the product, then Concierge will repair or replace Your Product as in section 5.3.1. A breakdown caused by Wear and Tear is one that is not the result of any external influence (i.e: physical impact or water damage).. All repairs organised through Concierge are carried out by approved Authorised Service Agents. In the event that Your product is repaired, the repairer will provide a workmanship guarantee valid for a minimum of 3 months.. This Concierge Gold Service Extras does not cover:. 6.3 Excluded Costs, Loss or Damage. 6.6 Cancellation of this Concierge Gold Service Extras by You. 6.7 Cancellation of this Concierge Gold Service Extras by Us. A fault or deficiency in operation, quality or appearance in the Product brought to Your attention before You purchased the Product; or. Negligence, accidental or deliberate misuse or unauthorised alterations;. Failure to follow the manufacturer’s instructions for Usage, installation, operation or maintenance;. External sources, including electrical interference, power surges and voltage fluctuations;. Infestations of vermin, pests or insects;. Acts independent of human control which occurred after the product left our control;. Acts of God or man-made catastrophes;. Cosmetic damage, items, such as paint or finishing, dents or scratches, which do not affect the operation of the Product;. Repairs to accessories Used in or with the Product; and. Cartridges, tapes, software, or add-on options incorporated in the Product.. The following costs, loss or damage are excluded from Concierge Gold Service Extras:. Cost of replacement of any item or accessory, either external or internal, that is intended to be replaceable including shelves, fuses, batteries, light bulbs, fluorescent tubes and related starters, filters, attachments, cables, plugs, light covers or rain covers;. Loss, damage or costs incurred as a result of:. Damage to or loss of software, data or removable data medium caused by the Mechanical or Electrical Failure of the Product;. Damage from batteries or other consumables, internal or external to the Product;. Using the Product for purposes other than those described in section 5.1 under the heading ‘Eligibility for Concierge Gold Service Extras’;. Transportation, installation or removal of the Product unless We are responsible;. Loss, damage or costs incurred where no Mechanical or Electrical Failure is identified;. Normal maintenance costs, cleaning, servicing, re-gassing lubrication or external adjustments;. The Product if it is recalled by the manufacturer, importer or a government agency;. Any claim against You by any Third Party including for personal injury or damage to property;. Any claim by You for personal injury or damage to property;. Costs incurred for the delivery and installation of a replaced Product or extraction and disposal of an existing Product in Your possession where original delivery and installation was not performed by The Good Guys.. If the Product is a television the following are also excluded from Concierge Gold Service Extras:. Stands or wall brackets unless specifically covered by separate agreement;. Damage to screens, stands or wall brackets that is caused by faulty or incorrectly installed stands or wall brackets;. Screen defects resulting from ‘after image’ or ‘burn in’; and. Faults where the Product is operating within the normal range of the manufacturer’s performance specifications, for instance specifications in relation to abnormal pixel operation, standard brightness reduction or fan noise.. We may refuse service under Concierge Gold Service Extras, or reduce the benefits available to You, if, in Our reasonable opinion, You make any misrepresentation or commit any fraudulent or dishonest act or omission in connection with a service request. We may also refuse service where an exclusion applies, if You do not comply with a material term of Concierge Gold Service Extras, or in accordance with our rights as set out in section 6.7 under the heading ‘Cancellation of this Concierge Gold Service Extras by Us’.. You can transfer Your Concierge Gold Service Extras to a new owner of the product at no cost to You. To arrange a transfer, please call the Concierge Team. The Transfer entitlement excludes all reward benefits. Reward benefits can only remain with the registered Purchaser name given at the time of the Product purchase.. If You decide for any reason that You would like to cancel Your Concierge Gold Service Extras, the following conditions apply:. Subject to (b), if You cancel within thirty (30) days after the date of purchase, We will provide You with a full refund of the amount You have paid; however,. No refund is payable (without limitation to Your rights under the Australian Consumer Law) if You obtain service under Gold Service Extras within thirty (30) days after the date of purchase or if You cancel more than thirty (30) days after the date of purchase.. We have the right to cancel Your Concierge Gold Service Extras if You commit a material breach of any of these Concierge Gold Service Extras terms and conditions, You have given any false information to Us when seeking service or otherwise, or for any other reason allowable by law. We will provide You with reasonable notice of the cancellation.. Postage to Your address last known to Us.. For assistance contact the Concierge Team. The Good Guys have engaged various Third Party Service Providers to assist in the performance and management of its obligations under this Concierge Gold Service Extras and for this purpose You consent to The Good Guys providing those agents with Your contact details and information about the Product.. You consent to all of the uses and disclosures of Your contact details and information described in The Good Guys Privacy Policy which can be accessed at www.thegoodguys.com.au. The Good Guys may use and disclose information about You to its insurers, its claims managers, its repairers and its other Third Party Service Providers (including to any person situated outside Australia) for the purpose of:. Transferring this Concierge Gold Service Extras to a new owner of the Product You purchased;. Providing service and benefits in relation to Your Concierge Gold Service Extras;. Repairing or replacing the Product within Your Concierge Gold Service Extras period; and Service Extras;. Offering new products and services related to the Concierge Gold Service Extras to You. Service Extras period; and Service Extras;. You consent to these parties contacting You or a new owner of the Product You purchased, including sending email, SMS, mail or making contact by telephone, for the purposes set out in section 7.1 under the heading ‘Privacy’. You confirm You have the necessary authority to provide the information and to give these consents.. This Concierge Gold Service Extras is subject to the laws of the State or Territory in Australia where it was purchased.. Any notice We give You will be in writing and will be effective from the time of:. It is important You notify Us of any change to Your address as soon as possible.. You can contact Us by calling Concierge on 1300 765 988, Monday to Saturday, 9am–6pm (AEST), by email at concierge@thegoodguys.com.au or by writing to Us at The Good Guys Concierge PO Box 238, Melbourne VIC 3205.. 1.3GHz MTK MT6753 Octa core 64bit CPU. Independent Ratings & Reviews by Reevoo. Ease of use Features Battery life Design Value for money Overall rating Scores 7.3 out of 10 based on 6 reviews. 9 out of 10. I still use my brain and do not need my phone to manage my life. 10 out of 10. Great design, good phone for the price. Battery life was a little heavy unless you use the battery saving option, which helps tremendously. 8 out of 10. Not many third party product for it. Blade V7 Plus reviews verified by reevoo. GUIDE: Mobile Phones Buying Guide |. Not sure which mobile phone is right for you? Our Buying Guide will make shopping for a new phone easy.. Top things to consider when buying technology products. Are there any special features you want?. Top things to consider when buying technology products. Are there any special features you want?. How can this technology make your life easier and better?. Is there any new innovative technology youd like to know more about?. Where and how will you use this product?. Do you have a particular brand or product type in mind?. Premium delivery is The Good Guys upgraded delivery service. The Good Guys will deliver the product you have purchased into your home, unpack it from the box, then take away all packaging for you as well as removing your old product.. Premium delivery is available for large kitchen appliances, laundry appliances, air conditioners, desktop computers and selected small household appliances.. Premium delivery is not available for televisions, entertainment units, portable appliances, technology products and accessories.. Standard charges apply for single storey dwellings, additional charges may apply for dwellings with stairs. If you have purchased Premium delivery and would like your old product to be taken away, it must be fully disconnected or uninstalled and be readily available for easy removal upon delivery of your new product.. Please note that installations are not included as part of the delivery price. Please click here to refer to our concierge web page for more information.. The Good Guys Discount Warehouses (Australia) Pty Ltd ACN 004880657. 
Likes Followers Followers Followers Followers mobitabspecs Subscribe. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99 GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99 TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Note 3 available for $379.99 TomTop Deals: Koolnee K1 Trio smartphone available for $229.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 available for $569.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi 6 smartphone available for $449.99 GearBest Deals: MSI GL62M 7RD – 223CN Gaming Laptop available for $899.99 GearBest Deals: Vernee X Mobile available for $247.99 TomTop Deals: MX10 Android 7.1.2 TV Box RK3328 4GB / 32GB available for $58.99. Mobitabspecs - Tech Blog with Mobile Phones News and Specifications. News Deals Review Specification Mobiles Tablets Laptops Compare Comparisons. All Apps News Tablet News Mobile News Accessories News. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will Attend the MWC 2018. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Prev Next. All Tablet Deals TomTop Deals Mobile Deals Laptop Deals GearBest Deals Accessories Deal. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99. GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99. TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99. Prev Next. DesignCap Review- A Free and Effortless Online Poster Maker. Create Beautiful Logo Designs for Your Business With DesignEvo. Review: iSeePassword Windows Password Recovery Pro. Switch To A New Phone And Make The Switch As Easy As It Gets. Prev Next. Home Gadgets Mobiles Upcoming Mobiles ZTE Blade V7 Plus. Brand: ZTE Category: Mobiles. CPU : 1.3 GHz Octa Core. Rear Camera : 13 MP. Phone Memory : 16 GB. OS : Android OS v6.0. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. 8.1 4.1 1. Display 9 / 10. RAM 7 / 10. Processor 8 / 10. Camera 8 / 10. Connectivity 9 / 10. Battery 7 / 10. Performance 9 / 10. Design 8 / 10. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Short Descriptions:. The Blade V7 Plus smartphone is expected priced at $210 and comes with Gray color.. The smartphone comes with a 5.2-inch S-IPS LCD multi-touch display with 1920 x 1080 pixels screen resolutions and 424 PPI. It is powered by 1.3GHz Octa-core MediaTek MT6753 processor with 2GB of RAM and Mali T720MP3 GPU. It comes with 16GB inbuilt memory and expands 128GB memory via microSD card slot.. The device runs on Android 6.0 marshmallow operating system and is backed by a 2480 mAh battery. The device comes with a 13MP rear camera with LED flash and has a 5MP front camera.. ZTE Blade V7 Plus - Technical Specification. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 146 mm x 72.5 mm x 8 mm. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Display Protection Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. HSPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Chipset Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming.. CPU CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone.. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Dedicated slot Dedicated slot refers to a non-hybrid slot i.e. u can use two sim cards as well as a micro sd memory card at the same time. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Accelerometer Proximity Light Gyro Compass Fingerprint. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Java Support Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. Youtube Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch.. Facebook Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. SMS SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks.. MMS MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol.. Email Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. IM IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Primary Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). Geotagging Autofocus HDR Touch focus Face detection Panoroma. Bluetooth Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices.. Infrared Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. Wireless Charging Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device.. HDMI HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device.. GPRS GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. EDGE EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. 42.2 Mbps (HSDPA), 5.76 Mbps;(HSUPA), LTE 150/50 Mbps. Web Browser Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. 3GP, M4V, H.263, H.264, MOV, AVI, xVID, WMV, FLV, MP4, H.265. Battery Type Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium.. Capacity Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions.. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic 2. Photo and video editor 4. ZTE Blade V7 Plus - Rate this Device Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. RAM: Processor: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. ZTE BV0870 full specifications and features 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Q519T full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Blade A520C 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Blade V8 Lite full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Nubia Z17 Mini S 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Blade A6 Premium 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Blade V9 Pro 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Nubia Z18s 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Blade A2 Plus full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Avid 4 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Nubia N2 Lite full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Blade V8 Mini specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Blade A3 2017 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE nubia M2 full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE nubia Z17 mini full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Tough Max 2 (T85) 0 Reviews View specs →. 13,512 Likes 3,221 Followers 4 Followers 226 Followers 3,166 Followers RSS Subscribe. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will…. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Motorola Moto X4 6GB RAM variant launched in India. Prev Next 1 of 68. Mobile Specifications ZTE Blade V9 Vita Ulefone T2 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Samsung Galaxy S9 $719.99 Nokia 8110 4G $99.00 Nokia 8 Sirocco $924.00. Tablet Specifications BQ BQ-8041L Art $121.00 Samsung Galaxy Tab S4 10.5 SM-T835 Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 2018 Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 2018 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 Pro $643.00 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 $468.00. Laptop Specifications Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-7170GLD-PUS Laptop $1,549.00 Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-5156SLV-PUS Laptop $1,299.00 Xiaomi Air 13.3 Intel Core i7 Notebook $976.99 Asus A541UJ7200 Notebook $739.99 Asus A541UV7100 Notebook $609.99 Acer Predator 21 X $8,999.00. Recent Compares Alcatel 3 vs Alcatel 3x vs Alcatel 3v View Comparison → Alcatel 1x vs Alcatel 3v vs Alcatel 3x View Comparison → Nokia 8 Pro vs Nokia 7 Plus View Comparison →. Top Rated Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Samsung Galaxy S9 Active Apple iPhone Xc Apple iPhone X Plus LG Signature Edition $1,800.00 CAT S61. Brands 10.or 3 360 3 Acer 8 AGM 1 Alcatel 36 Allcall 1 Allview 20 Apple 11 Archos 38 Asus 46 AT&T 1 Blackberry 5 Blackview 24 Blu 45 Bluboo 8 BQ 21 Brandeis 1 Cagabi 2 CAT 5 Celkon 7 Changhong 0 Cherry Mobile 5 Coolpad 24 Cubot 5 Dell 2 DEXP 4 Doogee 16 Doopro 9 Doov 3 EL 1 Elephone 16 Energizer 1 Essential 1 Fly 20 Freetel 2 Geecoo 5 Geotel 1 Gionee 31 Google 4 Gooweel 2 Gretel 1 Hafury 3 Haier 6 Highscreen 3 Hisense 6 HomTom 7 HP 2 HTC 19 Huawei 93 IBall 3 iMAN 0 iNew 1 Infinix 3 Infocus 10 Innjoo 1 Intex 29 itel 4 Ivoomi 10 Jinga 4 Jivi 4 Karbonn 20 Kenxinda 8 Kingzone 1 Kodak 1 Konka 3 Koobee 1 Kyocera 11 Lava 11 Leagoo 12 LeEco 6 Lenovo 14 Lephone 4 LG 53 LYF 3 M-Tech 1 Meitu 3 Meizu 20 Micromax 33 Microsoft 2 Motorola 28 Noa 1 Nokia 25 Nomi 2 Nomu 2 OKWU 2 OnePlus 5 Oppo 28 Oukitel 15 Panasonic 24 Phicomm 3 Philips 10 Phonemax 4 Plum 3 Prestigio 26 Razer 1 Red 1 Runbo 1 Samsung 90 Sansui 1 Senseit 1 Sharp 18 Smartisan 3 Smartron 2 Sony 30 Spice 3 Sugar 10 Swipe 6 Symphony 8 T-Mobile 5 TCL 1 Teclast 1 Tecno 13 Texet 1 THL 1 TP-Link 5 Uhans 7 Ulefone 11 UMI 7 Unihertz 2 Vernee 7 Vertex 3 Vertu 0 Verykool 22 Videocon 5 Vivo 24 Vkworld 4 Vodafone 3 Vphone 1 Walton 2 Wiko 16 Wileyfox 1 Xgody 5 Xiaolajiao 13 Xiaomi 38 Xolo 4 YotaPhone 1 Yu 2 Zen 12 Ziox 6 Zopo 8 ZTE 71. Facebook Join us on Facebook Twitter Join us on Twitter Google+ Join us on Google Instagram Join us on Instagram Pinterest Join us on Pinterest. Mobitabspecs.com is a Tech Blog With Mobiles Tablets Laptops specifications, comparisons, Rumours full information and Resources. Mobiles Tablets Laptops News, Software Reviews, Daily exclusive Deals & Coupons and more.. Laptops 13 Mobiles 1395 Upcoming Mobiles 693 Tablets 101. Home Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Site Map Comparisons Compare Brands. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. ZTE Blade V7 Plus - Phone Cables. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Cellet 9FT. Braided Rugged Micro USB Cable, Black. 9ft heavy duty braided cable with premium metallic housing. Sync/transfer files to and from your computer from your device. Charge your device via AC adapter (sold separately). Slim micro USB connector housing fits most phone cases. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Micro USB Cable, White. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Micro 6ft USB Cable, Black. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Micro 3ft USB Cable, Black. Micro USB to USB charging data cable. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Micro USB Female to Reversible USB Type-C Male Adapter, Black. Female micro USB adapter is compatible with all male micro USB cables. Reversible USB Type-C design can be inserted in any orientation. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Checkered Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gray. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Purple. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Color: Purple (color tone may vary). ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Pink. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Metal Heavy Duty Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable, Silver. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Charge & Sync Micro USB Flat Cable Keychain, Hot Pink. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Rose Gold. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, White. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Snakeskin Inspired Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable, Blue. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Charge & Sync Micro USB Flat Cable Keychain, White. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Space Gray. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -3ft Cellet Micro USB Cable, Black. Made of durable materials with premium metallic connector housing to withstand everyday wear and tear. Sync/transfer files to and from your computer from your device. Charge your device via power adapter (sold separately) or computer. Fits any device with a built-in micro USB port (most smartphones, Android, hard drives, printers and more). ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Micro USB Female to Reversible USB Type-C Male Adapter, White. Female micro USB adapter is compatible with all male micro USB cables. Reversible USB Type-C design can be inserted in any orientation. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Red. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Checkered Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, White. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Lavender. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. Color: Lavender (color tone may vary). ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Vegan Leather Portable Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable Keychain, Black. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Charge & Sync Micro USB Flat Cable Keychain, Blue. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -MHL 6' 6" Micro USB to HDMI Adapter & USB 2.0 Cable. Enjoy your favorite shows, movies, and games on a television screen. Turns your phone’s micro USB port into a standard HDMI cable. Transfers video and audio to a high definition television set. 3 connectors: microUSB (in), HDMI (out), and USB 2.0 (power). USB 2.0 connector included to charge your device. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Charge & Sync Micro USB Flat Cable Keychain, Black. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Cellet 5FT. Long Tip Micro USB Cable, Black. Extra-long 8mm micro USB connector for devices with recessed micro USB ports. Charge your device via power adapter (sold separately) or computer. Slim micro USB connector housing fits most phone cases. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -LED Color Changing Micro USB Cable, Red. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Cellet 5ft LED Micro USB Cable, Black. LED indicator light makes it easy to find in the dark. Velcro straps keeps cable bundled and organized. Use with any wall adapter or computer to charge. Syncs and transfers files to computer. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Vegan Leather Portable Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable Keychain, Red. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Snakeskin Inspired Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable, Brown. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Yellow. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Denim Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable, Brown. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Charge & Sync Micro USB Flat Cable Keychain, Lime Green. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Cellet 5FT. Sync / transfer files at 480Mbps high speed. Charge your device via power adapter (sold separately) or computer. Slim micro USB connector housing fits most phone cases. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable, Light Blue. Micro USB to USB Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your {brand-model} to a Mac or Windows PC. Cable Type: Dock Connector to USB. 
The next video is starting stop. ZTE Blade V7 Plus - Specs 2017. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. ZTE has announced two cheap phones with Android 6, aluminum body and 13-megapixel camera: the Blade V7 and Blade V7 Lite. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Specs, ZTE Blade V7 Plus Features, ZTE Blade V7 Plus Price, ZTE Blade V7 Plus Test, ZTE Blade V7 Plus Trailer, ZTE Blade V7 Plus Best, ZTE Blade V7 Plus Intro, ZTE Blade V7 Plus Promo, ZTE Blade V7 Plus Specifications, ZTE Blade V7 Plus Review, ZTE Blade V7 Plus VS, ZTE Blade V7 Plus First Look, Like, comment, share and subscribe for more! FOLLOW ME IN THESE PLACES FOR UPDATES Youtube - https://www.youtube.com/Tijucan Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/TijucanOfficiel Twitter - https://twitter.com/TijucanOfficiel Google Plus - https://goo.gl/WpufZk Tijucan - http://www.tijucan.com. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. ZTE Blade V7 Plus With 3GB RAM | 13MP Camera | 2017. ZTE Blade V8 - Unboxing en español. ZTE Blade V7 + V7 Lite: Hands-on Video of the Alu Androids – Review. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Specs,features & price (13mp camera). ZTE Blade V7 Lite Review | Magical phone for RM499. ZTE Blade V7 (Silver) Unboxing and Camera test. 5 Secret ZTE Blade Zmax Features. ZTE Blade V7 Lite, primeras impresiones. Замена дисплея ZTE BLADE v7 Lite. ZTE BLADE v7 lite display replacement. Quick unboxing - ZTE Blade V7 Lite. How to disassemble 📱 ZTE Blade V7 Take apart Tutorial. Review ZTE Blade v7 - Dual SIM. ZTE Blade V7 and Blade V7 LITE First Look. Vivo V7 Plus Price & Specs!. ZTE Blade Zmax | Secret UI Tuner!!!. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
4.0 from 1 review. Your trust is our top concern. Companies can't alter or remove reviews from ProductReview.com.au.. Great phone good features without the price tag. 4 out of 5 ,. This phone is Outstanding for the price it costs, The added finger print scanner helps me when I need to unlock my phone fast, Great display without the hefty price tag of the other big named brands. Highly recommend this phone if you are looking for an affordable smartphone with all the features without the price tag.. Similar opinion? Write a review on ProductReview.com.au!. Register now and take advantage of ProductReview's Brand Management Platform!. Like our Facebook page to stay in the know on amazing new products.. General disclaimer: All third party trademarks, images and copyrights on this page are used for the purpose of comparative advertising, criticism or review. This is a public forum presenting user opinions on selected products and businesses, and as such the views expressed do not reflect the opinion of ProductReview.com.au. Further details in the disclaimer .. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. ZTE Blade V7 Plus With Fingerprint Scanner Launched. Tasneem Akolawala , 05 July 2017. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus sports a 5.2-inch full-HD display. The smartphone packs a 2500mAh battery. It has been launched in Russia and Australia. After the ZTE Small Fresh 5 launch last month, the company has now launched a new smartphone in its Blade series. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus smartphone is another variant added to Blade V7 product portfolio, and new features include the addition of a fingerprint scanner. For now, no pricing details have been disclosed.. To recall, the ZTE Blade V7 and Blade V7 Lite were launched back in 2016 at MWC, and this year the Blade V8 variants also started launching at CES and MWC. Now, strangely, ZTE has backtracked and launched the V7 Plus out of the blue with upgraded specifications.. Coming to the specifications, the ZTE Blade V7 Plus runs on the dated Android 6.0 Marshmallow and sports a hybrid dual-SIM slot. It bears a 5.2-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixels) display with 2.5D glass protection. It is powered by a 1.3GHz MediaTek MT6753 octa-core Cortex-A53 processor paired with Mali-T720 MP3 and 2GB of RAM. The smartphone offers 16GB of internal storage with the option to expand further via a microSD card slot (up to 32GB).. As for optics, the ZTE Blade V7 Plus sports a 13-megapixel rear camera with flash support and phase detection autofocus. At the front, there is a 5-megapixel sensor for selfies and video chats. The smartphone packs a 2500mAh battery that is rated to offer up to 9 hours of talk time and 220 hours of standby time. Connectivity options include GPS, GLONASS, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth v4.0, and LTE. The dimensions measure at 148x72x7.5mm, and the smartphone weighs 143 grams.. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus has been launched in Russia and Australia in Platinum Grey and Ion Gold colour options. In Australia, Platinum Grey is available from The Good Guys and Ion Gold is exclusive to JB Hi-Fi.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. iPhone X Supply Will Be Limited This Year, Will Only Meet Demand in 2018: KGI. ZTE Blade V7 Plus With Fingerprint Scanner Launched. More ZTE mobiles ZTE mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , Mobiles , ZTE , ZTE Blade V7 Plus Features , ZTE Blade V7 Plus Launch , ZTE Blade V7 Plus Price , ZTE Blade V7 Plus Specifications. Tasneem Akolawala Email Tasneem. When not expelling tech wisdom, Tasneem feeds on good stories that strike on all those emotional chords. She loves road trips, a good laugh, and interesting people. Samsung Galaxy J5 Pro Launched, Galaxy J5 (2017) Variant With More RAM and Storage. LeEco Confirms Linked Assets Have Been Frozen. ZTE Blade V7 Plus With Fingerprint Scanner Launched. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
I have read and agreed to the Officeworks Privacy Policy and Collection Statement and the Officeworks Terms of Use .. We'll email you the contents of your shopping cart, so you can easily continue where you left off on your next visit.. http://www.instagram.com/officeworks and the youtube channel. Business Bags, Luggage & Travel Accessories. Officeworks can help you find the right desk.. Find the right chair to unleash your productivity.. Professional graphic designs when you need them.. Our team will help you with the right print solutions for your business.. Download our Product & Services Price Guide. Send parcels for less, with Mailman.. Free Metro Delivery on orders over $55*. Free 2 Hour Click & Collect on stocked items in-store #. Business Bags, Luggage & Travel Accessories. Heavy Duty Hole Punches & Accessories. USB & Firewire Cables and Adapters. USB Type C Cables & Adapters. Samsung & Microsoft Cases & Keyboards. iPhone 8 Plus Cases & Screen Protectors. iPhone 8 Cases & Screen Protectors. iPhone 7 Plus Cases & Screen Protectors. iPhone 7 Cases & Screen Protectors. iPhone 6 Plus & 6S Plus Cases & Screen Protectors. iPhone 6 & 6S Cases & Screen Protectors. iPhone 5, 5S, 5C & SE Cases & Screen Protectors. Unmanaged 10 / 100 M Switches. Photo & Video Editing Software Download. Antivirus & Internet Security Software Download. Cling Wrap, Aluminium Foil & Baking Paper. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Unlocked Mobile Phone 16GB Grey. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Unlocked Mobile Phone 16GB Grey has a SKU of. BRZTEBLV7P a product ID of. BRZTEBLV7P and a Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) of. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus Phone features a 5.2" IPS screen for stunning visuals and 16 GB of internal storage for keeping a collection of photos, video and apps. It has a 13 MP camera and 1080p video functionality for capturing great photos and footage. Plus, your data will remain confidential thanks to built-in fingerprint security. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Unlocked Mobile Phone 16GB Grey is rated. 0 is the minimum rating.. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Unlocked Mobile Phone 16GB Grey for the price of. Product Disclaimer: Officeworks cares greatly about the safety of our customers and makes every effort to ensure that the images, descriptions and formulations of each product we sell are accurate and up to date. However, product formulas can change and there may be slight delays in updating the information online. If you have particular concerns about the materials or ingredients used in this product, please read the label carefully on the product or contact the manufacturer for the most up to date information.. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus Phone features a 5.2" IPS screen for stunning visuals and 16 GB of internal storage for keeping a collection of photos, video and apps. It has a 13 MP camera and 1080p video functionality for capturing great photos and footage. Plus, your data will remain confidential thanks to built-in fingerprint security.. This phone has a 5.2" Full HD IPS touchscreen with a resolution of 1920 x 1080.. The outwards facing camera is 13 MP for capturing great photos and the front facing camera is 5 MP.. This phone features 2 GB of RAM which ensures that you can effectively multitask between apps.. It has a storage capacity of 16 GB with the option to add an additional 32 GB via microSD.. It runs on the Android 6.0 operating system.. The Octa-Core processor allows for better multitasking as the second core can run apps separately to your first core.. This phone supports connections via WiFi, Bluetooth 4.0, micro-B USB and 3.5 mm.. Simply connect to the network using a nano-SIM.. It comes with a 12 month warranty for added peace of mind.. A USB cable is included for added convenience.. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Unlocked Mobile Phone. You can browse our range of Mobile Phone Cases and Accessories to find the right case, screen protector, car charger, bluetooth headset and more to suit your new smartphone.. 72W x 7.5D x 148H mm. 4G FDD LTE: B1(2100MHz)/B3(1800MHz)/B5(850MHz)/B7(2600MHz)/B28(700MHz) UMTS:850MHz/900MHz/2100MHz GSM:900MHz/1800MHz. Enter your postcode below for delivery times and cost for your area.. Below is general information about the Officeworks Delivery Policy. Your final delivery cost will be calculated in the checkout for your order.. We offer Free Next Day Local Delivery for orders over $55 or more, to local areas. Larger items and Special Orders can take longer.. We offer Standard Next Day Delivery for orders of $55 or more to metro areas of Brisbane, Melbourne, Geelong, Perth and Sydney.. We offer Same Day Delivery for in stock orders that are ordered before 11:30am and delivered to metro areas of Brisbane, Melbourne, Geelong, Perth and Sydney.. Orders for in stock items placed after 11:30 will be delivered the following business day to metro areas of Brisbane, Melbourne, Geelong, Perth and Sydney.. Larger items and special orders incur additional delivery fees as they require extra handling and take longer to transport. The amount will be calculated at the checkout and is dependent on the size of the item purchased.. If your order also weighs over 200kg, it may be subject to an additional delivery fee. When this fee applies, one of our Customer Service Team Members will contact you prior to shipment with the total delivery cost.. During the 'wet season', deliveries to the Northern Territory and Northern Queensland may take longer due to adverse weather conditions.. For the latest information based on your post code, simply use our delivery estimator in the online shopping cart or call our Customer Service Team on 1300 633 423 from Monday to Friday, 8am-8pm (AEST).. Get email updates with our latest catalogues, new products, tips and advice.. 
Home >> Phones >> ZTE >>Blade V7 Plus. Place : Chennai Delhi Kolkata Mumbai. ZTE Blade V7 Plus is a smartphone Powered by Android 6.0 Marshmallow and 13MP rear cameras with LED Flash.. - 1.3 GHz Octa-Core MediaTek MT6753 Processor. - 3GB RAM With 16GB ROM. - 5.2 Inch FHD TFT IPS Displays. - 13MP Rear Camera With LED Flash. Disclaimer: We cannot guarantee that the info on this page is 100% correct. Please contact us support@fonearena.com incase you find a mistake. ZTE Blade V7 Plus User Reviews and Opinions. Post you reviews and thoughts about this phone below. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Please dont abuse anyone and please make sure your comments are decent and don't use bad language.. All Rights Reserved.Text, images and all other content on this site may not be copied or republished in any way without formal permission.Phone Images are a property of the respective Manufacturer and may not be tampered with in any way. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder ZTE Blade V7 Plus. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. ZTE Blade V7 Plus The phone comes with a 5.20-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus is powered by 1.3GHz octa-core MediaTek MT6753 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 32GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the ZTE Blade V7 Plus packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus runs Android 6.0 and is powered by a 2500mAh non removable battery. It measures 148.00 x 72.00 x 7.50 (height x width x thickness) and weigh 143.00 grams. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM). Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. iPhone X Supply Will Be Limited This Year, Will Only Meet Demand in 2018: KGI. ZTE Blade V7 Plus With Fingerprint Scanner Launched. More ZTE mobiles ZTE mobiles price in India. ZTE Blade V7 Plus detailed specifications. Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 148.00 x 72.00 x 7.50 Weight (g) 143.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 2500 Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 5.20 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor 1.3GHz octa-core Processor make MediaTek MT6753 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 32. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash Yes Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 b/g/n GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.00 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 GSM/CDMA GSM 3G No 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 GSM/CDMA GSM 3G No 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for ZTE Blade V7 Plus. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. iPhone X Supply Will Be Limited This Year, Will Only Meet Demand in 2018: KGI. ZTE Blade V7 Plus With Fingerprint Scanner Launched. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Blade V9 ZTE Blade A3 ZTE Axon M ZTE Nubia Z17 miniS ZTE Nubia Z17S ZTE Blade A2S ZTE Nubia Z17 Lite ZTE Small Fresh 5 ZTE Nubia M2 Play ZTE V870 ZTE Nubia Z17 ZTE Blade X Max ZTE Max XL ZTE Blade Max 3 ZTE Nubia Z17 mini ZTE Nubia N2 ZTE Nubia M2 Lite ZTE Nubia M2 ZTE Nubia N1 lite ZTE Blade V8 Lite ZTE Blade V8 Mini ZTE Blade A2 Plus ZTE Hawkeye ZTE Blade V8 ZTE Blade V8 Pro ZTE CYMBAL-T ZTE Axon 7 Max. Zte Blade V7 Plus vs. Zte Blade S7 Zte Blade V7 Plus vs. Huawei P10 Plus Zte Blade V7 Plus vs. Lenovo Z2 Plus Zte Blade V7 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 vs. Xiaomi Mi 4 Zte Blade V7 Plus vs. Lenovo Z2 Plus Zte Blade V7 Plus vs. Apple iPhone 6s Plus Zte Blade V7 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 vs. Zte Blade S7 Zte Blade V7 Plus vs. Zte Axon 7 Mini Zte Blade V7 Plus vs. Samsung Galaxy J7 2017 Zte Blade V7 Plus vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics ZTE Blade V7 Plus in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. ZTE Blade V7 Plus - Phone Cases & Covers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Black. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Waterproof Bag. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Felt Wool SmartPhone Sleeve,Gray. Keeps your phone safe from scratches, dents and cracks. Built-in pocket for cards, cash and other small items. Rounded corners for a comfortable fit in your pocket. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Camel Brown. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Dark Blue. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Gray. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Splash Guardz Camo Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Brown. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Red. 
Hard Reset ZTE Blade V7 Plus. ZTE Blade V7 Plus by holding down the. Power button for a couple of seconds. When yourr phone is powered off hold down the Volume Up. Power key for a few seconds. Release all keys as soon as the Boot Mode pops up.{image8}}. Navigate to Recovery by using the Volume Up and press Volume Down button to confirm it. When the Android Robot shows up hold down the Power key for a short while. While holding the Power key press the Volume Up once. to select " wipe data/factory reset " and tap the. Afterwards choose " yes " from the menu, and accept it with. When a Recovery Mode appears again on the screen accept option " reboot system now " using. The hard reset operation should be completed. If this was useful, please share to help others and follow us on. WARNING ! Hard Reset will erase all of your data All described operations you are doing at your own risk.. How to reset SAMSUNG Galaxy S9+?. Read about resetting SAMSUNG Galaxy S9+. How to reset SAMSUNG Galaxy S9?. Read about resetting SAMSUNG Galaxy S9. How to reset MOTOROLA Moto X4?. Read about resetting MOTOROLA Moto X4. 
Search Images Maps Play YouTube Gmail Drive Calendar More ». Apps My apps Shop Games Family Editors' Choice Movies My movies Shop Studios Books My books Shop Audiobooks Comics Entertainment. Account My subscriptions Redeem Buy gift card My wishlist My Play activity Parent guide Privacy. Daydream Android Wear Art & Design Auto & Vehicles Beauty Books & Reference Business Comics Communication Dating Education Entertainment Events Finance Food & Drink Health & Fitness House & Home Libraries & Demo Lifestyle Maps & Navigation Medical Music & Audio News & Magazines Parenting Personalisation Photography Productivity Shopping Social Sports Tools Travel & Local Video Players & Editors Weather Games Action Adventure Arcade Board Card Casino Casual Educational Music Puzzle Racing Role Playing Simulation Sports Strategy Trivia Word Family Ages 5 & Under Ages 6-8 Ages 9 & Over Action & Adventure Brain Games Creativity Education Music and video Pretend play. Theme for ZTE Blade V7 plus. Theme for ZTE Blade V7 plus is a brand new concept for ZTE Blade V7 plus with fresh and new design of menu icons and Wallpapers. Its a free theme and it is designed for Hola Launcher-Simple, Solo Launcher-Clean - Smooth - DIY, ZenUI Launcher-Theme & Wallpaper, Google Now Launcher, Next Launcher 3D Shell Lite, Smart Launcher 3, Yahoo Aviate Launcher, TSF Launcher 3D Shell, Arrow Launcher, Buzz Launcher, Action Launcher 3, Atom Launcher, Lens Launcher. It has dozens of unified and artistic icons $ wallpapers, Through which you can easily personalize your device and quite beautifully. ---------------------------------------------------- This Theme has the following list of Launchers: Theme for Apex launcher. ---------------------------------------------------- It is tested on the following list of Devices: Iphone 7, Iphone 7s, Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Edge, Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge, S6, S6 edge, S5, S4, S3, All devices of LG, Nexus, Xiaomi, Oppo Mobile, Huawei Mate 9, Huawei Mate 8, Huawei Mate 7, Latest devies of Oppo, Meizu, Xiaomi redmi, Gionee Alcatel and all Android TM devices. ---------------------------------------------------- How to use? * Download or install theme. * Install the best or any one your favourite launchers among the list we have. * Apply that launcher via this theme. * You can change the background wallpaper of your own choice from the list we have in this App. for more details, ask us via developer email address, we hope our team will handle your views quite nicely.. 5 2. 4 1. 3 0. 2 0. 1 1. Email best.themes.launchers@gmail.com Privacy Policy. Theme for Samsung S7 Edge Plus. Blue Ray Apps Free. Download Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Launcher theme to give your phone new look!. Theme for Samsung S7 Edge Plus. DHEW Free. Icon packs, beautiful hd wallpapers, launcher and theme for Galaxy s7 edge plus. Touch Droid Theme Free. Set a delightful look for mobile via launcher Theme for Galaxy S9 Plus. 3D Next Tech 2 Plus Launcher. Launcher Design Free. 3D Next Tech 2 Plus is the customized theme for Android phones.. Hot Launcher Free. ｂlack luxury theme provides best icon pack and wallpaper!. Theme for Samsung s6 Edge Plus. LashPash Apps Free. Smart icon packs, beautiful hd wallpapers, launcher and theme for Galaxy s6 edge. Launcher Fantasy Free. golden red rose theme provides best icon pack and wallpaper!. Theme Vivo X20 / Vivo V7 Plus. Theme and Launchers Free. The Most beautiful Vivo X20 / Vivo V7 Plus / V5 Plus / V5s Theme and Launcher.. Backgrounds and Anime Launcher Free. Apply the Launcher for Huawei P10 theme and make your phone smarter!. Pink Theme Designer Free. Theme for Iphone X has iphone X Wallpaper & OS 11 icons. Elegant Theme Free. 3D Dreamy Earth Natural is designed for better using experience.. Cool Theme Love Free. Try Christmas theme on your phone!. Keyboard Theme Artist (Smart Keyboard And2017) Free. Smart New Launcher Theme for iPhone 8 with OS 11 for your smartphone!. 3D Theme 2018 Free. Weed Rasta Theme which has neon green weeds wallpaper and fluorescent icons. Hot Launcher Free. theme for Nokia 6 theme provides best icon pack and wallpaper!. Cool Theme Love Free. Try snow theme on your phone!. Hot Launcher Free. Psycho Joker Cool Theme theme provides best icon pack and wallpaper!. Best Themes Wallpapers Free. Set a stylish view and look of Super hero to mobile phone via Spiderman. Best Themes Wallpapers Free. Download a new branded launcher Theme for iPhone SE. Zipper Screen Locker for Fast n Furious. Best Themes Wallpapers Free. Set Trendy look for Screen lock through Zipper Screen Locker for Fast n Furious. Zipper Screen Locker for Iron Man. Best Themes Wallpapers Free. Set a new stylish look for Lock Screen via Zipper Screen Locker for Iron Man. Best Themes Wallpapers Free. Set a full of action view for Mobile lock Screen via Zipper Screen Lock for Hulk. Zipper Screen Locker for Assassins Creed. Best Themes Wallpapers Free. Set a stylish look for mobile screen lock via Zipper Screen Locker for Creed. Best Themes Wallpapers Free. Share the meaningful, motivation Quotes and Sayings with freinds on social Media. Best Themes Wallpapers Free. Change your to default screen lock to a brand new look of Spiderman Super Hero. Zipper Screen Locker for Bat man. Best Themes Wallpapers Free. Convert your default screen lock to smashing & stylish and Super Hero Zip locker. Zipper Screen Locker for Oppo Find 9. Best Themes Wallpapers Free. Get a pure new lock screen with Zipper Screen Locker for Oppo Find 9. Screen Zip lock for Galaxy S8 / S9. Best Themes Wallpapers Free. Download a brand new look for your Screen locker via Zip lock for Galaxy S8 / S9. Screen Lock Zip for iphone 7 / 8. Best Themes Wallpapers Free. Turn your default screen lock to iphone 7 Zip locker with HD Wallpaper. Best Themes Wallpapers Free. Download a stunning launcher Theme for Doogee Mix. Theme for Asus zenfone 4 Selfie / Max. Best Themes Wallpapers Free. Download an attractive launcher Theme for Asus zenfone 4 Selfie / Max. Flash on Call / SMS (Alert). Best Themes Wallpapers Free. Get the most amazing Flash Alert App for incoming Calls / SMS. Best Themes Wallpapers Free. Download a sensational launcher Theme for Aclatel A30 Plus. ©2018 Google Site Terms of Service Privacy Developers About Google All prices include GST.. By purchasing this item, you are transacting with Google Payments and agreeing to the Google Payments Terms of service and Privacy Notice .. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Full Specifications. ZTE Blade V7 Plus (Full Device Specifications) Also Known as ZTE Blade V7+.. » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Officially Announced :. Gray Price : --- 6.8 out of 10. : ( 79 Ratings). ZTE Blade V7 Plus Release July 2017, weight 143g, 5.2” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. Hybrid Dual Sim , (Nano Sim) Network Band :. GSM 900 , GSM 1800 GSM 3G Bands :. HSDPA 900 , HSDPA 2100 GSM 4G Bands :. LTE 2100 , LTE 800 , LTE 1800 , LTE 2600 , LTE 2500 Operating System :. Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) , (MiFavor UI) Chipset :. MediaTek , MT6753 (64-bit) Processor :. Octa Core Processor Processor Speed :. 2 GB , (LPDDR3) Memory Card Slot :. MicroSD , (Uses Sim 2 Slot) Memory Support :. 148 x 72 x 8 mm , Exactly 148 x 72.5 x 7.5 mm Slim/Thin :. 7 mm , (7.5 mm Thin) Weight :. Accelerometer , Ambient Light , Proximity Sensor , Fingerprint , Gyro , G-Sensor Torch Light :. Volume , Power Device Security :. Device Password Lock , Device Pattern Lock , Slide Lock , PIN code Lock , Fingerprint Unlock. IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , (On-Cell Touch) Screen Protection :. Scratch Resistant , (2.5D Curved Display) Display Colors :. 16M Colors Pixel density range :. 400 to 500 ppi , (~424 ppi Pixel Density) Screen Resolution :. 1080 x 1920 pixels (Full HD) Display Size :. 5.2 Inch Screen To Body Ratio :. 61 to 70 Percent , (~69.9% screen-to-body-ratio) Multi Touch Support :. Unlimited Ringtone or Alert Type :. Vibration , MP3 ringtones , WAV. 13 MP , 4128 x 3096 Pixels Camera Flash LED :. 5.0 MP Front Camera Flash :. With 1080p 3G or Video Call :. With Wireless Connection Video Quality :. Autofocus , Touch focus , Self timer , Face Detection , Smile detection , HDR , Face Beauty , Voice Capture , Gesture Shot. WAV , AAC+ , OGG , FLAC , MIDI , WMA , MP3 , AMR , AAC , eAAC+ Video Format :. 3GP , MP4 , FLV , WMV , xVID , AVI , MKV , H.264 , H.263 3.5mm Headphone Jack :. LTE 50 Mbps , HSDPA 42 Mbps , HSPA plus , LTE CAT4 150 Mbps DL , HSUPA 11 Mbps Browser Name :. Google Chrome Browser Browsing Support :. WAP , HTML , HTML5 WiFi Support :. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n Hot Spot :. Bluetooth 4.0 , With LE USB-Support :. microUSB 2.0 , With OTG NFC (Near Field Communication) :. PDF Viewer , Document Editor inbuilt applications :. Calculator , Notes , To-do list , World clock , Google Apps, ZTE Apps. SMS , MMS , Email , Push Mail , IM , Hangouts GPS Tracking :. Li-Ion 2540 mAh , (Non-Removable) Quick Charge :. Up to 24 Hrs Video Playback :. Dual Sim(Dual Standby) Metal Unibody Design Sandstone Finish Back Cover Rounded Edges Social Networking Services & Apps. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Handset Battery 2540 mAh Charger 3.5 mm Headset USB Cable User Manual Warranty Card. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » HTC » Alcatel » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Home | Privacy Policy. 
Home › ZTE › Blade V7 Plus ZTE Blade V7 Plus - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including ZTE Blade V7 Plus List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include ZTE Blade V7 Plus Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Dimensions : 72 x 148 x 7.5 mm Weight : 143 g SoC : MediaTek MT6753 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP3, 450 MHz, Cores : 3 RAM : 2 GB, 666 MHz Storage : 16 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5.2 in, IPS, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2500 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM / microSD, Nano-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.0 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS, GLONASS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand ZTE Model Blade V7 Plus Model alias Blade V7+ Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 72 mm (millimeters) 7.2 cm (centimeters) 0.24 ft (feet) 2.83 in (inches) Height 148 mm (millimeters) 14.8 cm (centimeters) 0.49 ft (feet) 5.83 in (inches) Thickness 7.5 mm (millimeters) 0.75 cm (centimeters) 0.02 ft (feet) 0.3 in (inches) Weight 143 g (grams) 0.32 lbs (pounds) 5.04 oz (ounces) Volume 79.92 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 4.85 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Silver Gold Body materials Aluminium alloy SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Nano-SIM / microSD Nano-SIM (4FF - fourth form factor, since 2012, 12.30 x 8.80 x 0.67 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 850 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE 700 MHz (B28) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 6.0 Marshmallow System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6753 Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 8 CPU frequency 1300 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP3 GPU cores 3 GPU frequency 450 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 2 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 666 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 16 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5.2 in (inches) 132.08 mm (millimeters) 13.21 cm (centimeters) Width 2.55 in (inches) 64.75 mm (millimeters) 6.48 cm (centimeters) Height 4.53 in (inches) 115.12 mm (millimeters) 11.51 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Pixel density 424 ppi (pixels per inch) 166 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 70.18 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch Scratch resistant 2.5D curved glass screen Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Compass Gyroscope Fingerprint Hall Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Aperture f/2.2 Focal length 3.5 mm (millimeters) Flash type Dual LED Image resolution 4160 x 3120 pixels 12.98 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Digital image stabilization Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Phase detection Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Aperture f/2.8 Focal length 3.5 mm (millimeters) Image resolution 2592 x 1944 pixels 5.04 MP (megapixels) Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS GLONASS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.0 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) AVRCP (Audio/Visual Remote Control Profile) EDR (Enhanced Data Rate) GAVDP (Generic Audio/Video Distribution Profile) GAP (Generic Access Profile) HFP (Hands-Free Profile) HSP (Headset Profile) LE (Low Energy) OBEX (OBject EXchange) OPP (Object Push Profile) PBAP/PAB (Phone Book Access Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering VoLTE Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) AMR-WB (Adaptive Multi-Rate Wideband, .awb) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 2500 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Ion 2G talk time 9 h (hours) 540 min (minutes) 0.4 days 2G stand-by time 220 h (hours) 13200 min (minutes) 9.2 days 3G talk time 9 h (hours) 540 min (minutes) 0.4 days 3G stand-by time 220 h (hours) 13200 min (minutes) 9.2 days Features Non-removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. Аlternative names, under which the model is known.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Focal length is the distance in millimeters from the focal point of the image sensor to the optical center of the lens. A focal length, which results in the same field of view on a full-frame (35 mm) camera, is also provided.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Focal length is the distance in millimeters from the focal point of the image sensor to the optical center of the lens. A focal length, which results in the same field of view on a full-frame (35 mm) camera, is also provided.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. 2G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 2G cellular network.. 2G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 2G cellular network.. 3G talk time is the time period a battery charge will last, if one is constantly talking on the phone in a 3G cellular network.. 3G stand-by time is the longest time a battery charge will last, if the device is not used but is constantly connected to the 3G mobile network.. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 72 x 148 x 7.5 mm Weight : 143 g SoC : MediaTek MT6753 CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1300 MHz, Cores : 8 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP3, 450 MHz RAM : 2 GB, 666 MHz Storage : 16 GB Display : 5.2 in, IPS, 1080 x 1920 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 2500 mAh, Li-Ion OS : Android 6.0 Marshmallow Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 900 / 2100 - Russia. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 2100 - Australia. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800) - Russia. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 28(700) - Australia. HSPA 42.2/11.5 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 146 x 72.5 x 8 mm (5.75 x 2.85 x 0.31 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). S-IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~70.4% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~424 ppi density). microSD, up to 128 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). 32 GB, 3 GB RAM (V0721) or 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. 13 MP, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. Platinum Grey, Ion Gold, Deep Gray. Also known as ZTE Blade A2S V0721 for China. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. ZTE Blade V7 Plus - user opinions and reviews. This phone was available at JB Hi-Fi for a couple of months in my country, costing $299... Despite the lowly specifications it performed well doing browsing and calls... What is PLUS about this device?. Very high price for a very low phone with so small battery t will last maybe couple of hours.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Huawei Y7 ZTE Blade V7 ZTE Blade V7 Lite vivo V7 LG K8 Nokia 3. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Axon 7 ZTE nubia Z17s ZTE Axon 9 ZTE nubia Z17. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. ZTE Blade V7 Plus - Specs 2017. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Unlocked Mobile Phone. ZTE Blade V7 Plus With 3GB RAM | 13MP Camera | 2017. ZTE Blade V7 + V7 Lite: Hands-on Video of the Alu Androids – Review. Обзор смартфонов ZTE Blade V7 и ZTE Blade V7 Lite. ZTE Blade V7 plus specification , price & opinion. HOW TO FLASH AND UPDATE ZTE ALL MOBILES ?. ZTE Blade V7 Lite: Full Review. How to disassemble 📱 ZTE Blade V7 Take apart Tutorial. ZTE Blade V7 Lite: Power at Your Fingertips. Видео обзор смартфона ZTE Blade V7 16 Гб серый. ZTE Blade V7 Hands on, Camera, Features. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Specs,features & price (13mp camera). ZTE Blade V7 Lite Review (UK): Moto G4 rival?. Review ZTE Blade v7 - Dual SIM. ZTE Blade V7 Lite Review | Magical phone for RM499. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Samsung Galaxy J1 Nxt (J1 mini). Samsung Galaxy S4 CDMA SGH-I545 Parts. Samsung I9105 Galaxy S II Plus. Samsung Galaxy Grand Neo Plus i9060i. Samsung Galaxy S Duos 2 S7582. Samsung Galaxy Trend II Duos S7572. Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III mini. Samsung Galaxy Note II N7100 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 (2016). Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016). Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 12.2 SM-T900. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 T800 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 T700 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 T530 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 10.1 T520 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 T320 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 8.0 T310 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 T230 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Lite 7.0 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 SM-P900 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 P600 (2014 Edition) Parts. Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 N8000 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 N5100 Parts. Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 Parts. Samsung P7500 Galaxy Tab 10.1 3G Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 P7300 Parts. Samsung P6800 Galaxy Tab 7.7 Parts. Samsung P6200 Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 P5200 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 p3200 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 P3100 Parts. All Sony Cell & Tablet Parts. Sony Xperia XA Ultra (C6 Ultra). Sony Xperia Z5 Compact (Z5 mini). Sony Xperia Z4 (Sony Xperia Z3+). Sony Xperia Z1 Compact (Sony Xperia Z1 mini). Motorola Droid Maxx 2 (for Verizon). LG G Pro Lite Dual D686. Huawei Honor 6C Pro (Huawei Honor V9 Play). Huawei Y7 Prime (Huawei Enjoy 7 Plus). Huawei Enjoy 5 (Huawei Honor Play 5X). Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime (Redmi 4 Pro). All Lenovo Cell & Tablet Parts. Lenovo Yoga Tablet 10 HD+ (B8080). ZTE Grand X Max 2 Z988. ZTE Nubia Z11 mini S NX549J. Meizu M3 Note (Meizu Blue Charm Note3). Meizu M1 Metal (Meizu Blue Charm Metal). Nokia Lumia 822 (For Verizon Wireless). All Acer Cell & Tablet Parts. Alcatel One Touch Idol mini OT6012. All Amazon Fire & Kindle Parts. All Asus Cell & Tablet Parts. Asus Zenfone 4 Selfie Pro ZD552KL. Asus Zenfone 4 Selfie Lite ZB553KL. Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe 5.5 ZS550KL. Asus Memo Pad Smart 10 ME301T. Samsung Galaxy J1 Nxt (J1 mini). Samsung Galaxy S4 CDMA SGH-I545 Parts. Samsung I9105 Galaxy S II Plus. Samsung Galaxy Grand Neo Plus i9060i. Samsung Galaxy S Duos 2 S7582. Samsung Galaxy Trend II Duos S7572. Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III mini. Samsung Galaxy Note II N7100 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 (2016). Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2016). Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 12.2 SM-T900. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 T800 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 T700 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 T530 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 10.1 T520 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 T320 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 8.0 T310 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 T230 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Lite 7.0 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 SM-P900 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 P600 (2014 Edition) Parts. Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 N8000 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 N5100 Parts. Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 Parts. Samsung P7500 Galaxy Tab 10.1 3G Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 P7300 Parts. Samsung P6800 Galaxy Tab 7.7 Parts. Samsung P6200 Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 P5200 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 p3200 Parts. Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 P3100 Parts. All Sony Cell & Tablet Parts. Sony Xperia XA Ultra (C6 Ultra). Sony Xperia Z5 Compact (Z5 mini). Sony Xperia Z4 (Sony Xperia Z3+). Sony Xperia Z1 Compact (Sony Xperia Z1 mini). Motorola Droid Maxx 2 (for Verizon). LG G Pro Lite Dual D686. Huawei Honor 6C Pro (Huawei Honor V9 Play). Huawei Y7 Prime (Huawei Enjoy 7 Plus). Huawei Enjoy 5 (Huawei Honor Play 5X). Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime (Redmi 4 Pro). All Lenovo Cell & Tablet Parts. Lenovo Yoga Tablet 10 HD+ (B8080). ZTE Grand X Max 2 Z988. ZTE Nubia Z11 mini S NX549J. Meizu M3 Note (Meizu Blue Charm Note3). Meizu M1 Metal (Meizu Blue Charm Metal). Nokia Lumia 822 (For Verizon Wireless). All Acer Cell & Tablet Parts. Alcatel One Touch Idol mini OT6012. All Amazon Fire & Kindle Parts. All Asus Cell & Tablet Parts. Asus Zenfone 4 Selfie Pro ZD552KL. Asus Zenfone 4 Selfie Lite ZB553KL. Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe 5.5 ZS550KL. Asus Memo Pad Smart 10 ME301T. All parts are Original, except we mark it as OEM individually.. Complete Screen Assembly for ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Black. Complete Screen Assembly for ZTE Blade V7 Plus -Black. Need a good quality lcd screen and touch screen digitizer assembly for. This is a complete ready-to-install screen assembly for ZTE Blade V7 Plus, Though more costly than.... Complete Screen Assembly for ZTE Blade V7 Plus -White. Complete Screen Assembly for ZTE Blade V7 Plus -White. Need a good quality lcd screen and touch screen digitizer assembly for. This is a complete ready-to-install screen assembly for ZTE Blade V7 Plus, Though more costly than.... Get the latest updates on new products and upcoming sales. Room 1316, No.802 Yuan Shan Nan Road,. Theme designed by Papathemes .. 
Listed Price : Price Not Available. Full Specifications of ZTE Blade V7 Plus. 2G Network Technology GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. 3G Network Technology UMTS 850, 900, 2100 MHz. Sales Package Handset, Battery, Charger,User Manual. Display Resolution full HD (1920 * 1080) pixels. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 32 GB. Processor MediaTek MT6753 Octa-Core 1.3GHz Processor. Camera resolution 13 MP with single LED flash. Size (L by B by T) 148 x 72 x 7.5 mm. Battery Life - Standby up to 220 hrs. Battery Life - Talk Time up to 9 hrs. ZTE Blade V7 Plus with fingerprint scanner, 2,500mAh battery announced: Specifications, features. More on ZTE Blade V7 Plus. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Reviews in India. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Features & Specs. ZTE Blade V7 Plus smartphone comes with the 5.2-inch full-HD (1080p) IPS display.. The device is powered by a MediaTek MT6753 octa-core SoC clocked at 1.3GHz paired with 2GB of RAM and 16GB of internal storage, which could be further expanded up to 32GB via microSD card. For photography a 13-megapixel rear camera and 5-megapixel front facing the camera. ZTE Blade V7 Plus runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Connectivity options include FM radio, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, and GPS.. Processor MediaTek MT6753 Octa-Core 1.3GHz Processor. Camera 13 MP with single LED flash. Internal Memory 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. Own this mobile? Be first to review. Maitrayee Iyer on Jul 05, 2017 10:58 AM. ZTE Blade V7 Plus is an outdated phone running Android .... Write a Review on ZTE Blade V7 Plus. Canon #Speedlite 470EX-AI is the most intelligent flash system @CanonUSA #Speedlite #Speedlite buff.ly/2F493wl https://t.co/Zjwmc0zHIp. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. 
Don't have an account? Sign up. Zte Blade V7 Plus SoundFusion 3.5mm Stereo Headset, White. Zte Blade V7 Plus 2-in-1 Touchscreen Stylus & Ballpoint Pen w/Clip. Zte Blade V7 Plus Mobovida Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner. Zte Blade V7 Plus Waterproof Bag. Zte Blade V7 Plus Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet. Zte Blade V7 Plus Genuine Leather Embossed Flower Design Clutch. Zte Blade V7 Plus Original Samsung 2Amp OEM Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable, White. Zte Blade V7 Plus Snake Print Design Crossbody Shoulder Bag. Zte Blade V7 Plus Metal Heavy Duty Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Cable. Zte Blade V7 Plus Micro USB Cable, White. Zte Blade V7 Plus Slim Suede Leather Clutch Wallet. Zte Blade V7 Plus C300 In-Ear Sports Wireless Bluetooth Headphones with mic and volume controls. Zte Blade V7 Plus Luxmo Charging Bundle - Includes Car & Home Charger Adapters, Lightning Cable & Headphones. Zte Blade V7 Plus Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus 21-Pin 2 Amp Car Charger, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Micro 6ft USB Cable, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Original Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 2 AMP Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable Combo EP-TA20JWE, White. Zte Blade V7 Plus Cellet Universal 3.5mm Boom Mic Headset. Zte Blade V7 Plus Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter. Zte Blade V7 Plus Genuine Leather Hand-Crafted Snake-Skin Double Zipper Clutch Wallet. Zte Blade V7 Plus Windshield Car Holder, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Smooth Vegan Leather Crossbody Shoulder Bag. Zte Blade V7 Plus Xtreme Bass High Def Tangle-Free 3.5mm Stereo Headset w/Microphone, Black/Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus OEM Home/Travel (ETA-U90JWE), Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Two Toned Designer style Clutch wallet. Zte Blade V7 Plus USB Home Charger, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Fitness Armband. Zte Blade V7 Plus Micro USB Female to Reversible USB Type-C Male Adapter. Zte Blade V7 Plus Metal Heavy Duty Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable. Zte Blade V7 Plus MHL 6' 6" Micro USB to HDMI Adapter & USB 2.0 Cable. Zte Blade V7 Plus Micro 3ft USB Cable, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Car Charger USB Adapter, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Soft-touch Suede Double Zipper Clutch. Zte Blade V7 Plus Universal Metal Cylinder Power Bank/Portable Phone Charger (2600 mAh) with cable. Zte Blade V7 Plus 3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter. Zte Blade V7 Plus 4,500 mAh Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight. Zte Blade V7 Plus Full Screen View Wristlet with Complete Touch Control. Zte Blade V7 Plus Genuine Leather Hand-Crafted Alligator Clutch Wallet with Tassel. Zte Blade V7 Plus Micro 5 ft 0.6A 600 mAh USB Car Charger, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus OEM Apple EarPods w/Remote & Mic. Zte Blade V7 Plus Premium Leather Vertical Pouch with card slots and rotating belt clip, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Soft Leather Crossbody Shoulder Bag. Zte Blade V7 Plus Window Car Holder, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Xtreme Bass High Def Tangle-Free 3.5mm Stereo Headset w/Microphone, Red/Black. 
Largest Gadget Discovery Site in India. OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Apple iPhone X Honor 7X Oppo F5. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Price in India. Updated on: Feb 26, 2018. Release Date: Apr 24, 2018 (Expected). ZTE Blade V7 Plus details Read more. Sharp Full HD display Fingerprint sensor Good performer Nice cameras. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus has impressive cameras and a quick responsive fingerprint scanner. It has a good amount of RAM but there are a lot of the other smartphones with more RAM around this price segment. In addition, the battery backup is also a disappointment in this budget. You can check out some other high-end smartphones and give the ZTE Blade V7 Plus a miss.. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus features a 5.2-inch IPS LCD Full HD (1,080 x 1,920 pixels) display and is well designed in a metal body. In order to run the smartphone, there is an Octa-Core processor (Cortex A53) powered at a speed of 1.3GHz. It is aided by 2GB of RAM seated upon MediaTek MT6753 chipset. The Mali-T720 MP3 graphics card outputs good quality display.. A 13MP rear camera and a 5MP selfie shooter is stacked in the ZTE Blade V7 Plus for photography and videography needs. Acting as an energy provider is a 2,500mAh Li-ion battery which claims to deliver up to 9 hours of talk time and up to 220 hours of standby mode.. In terms of storage, the smartphone houses an internal memory of 16GB which can be increased up to 32Gb using a microSD card. Dual SIM support, 4G, 3G, 2G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS and USB port are the connectivity options available in the ZTE Blade V7 Plus.. ZTE Blade V7 Plus price in india. ZTE Blade V7 Plus price in India is expected to be Rs. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Expected to be launched on Apr 24, 2018.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. Performance ▾. Group: 10 - 16 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Performance Phones in 10 - 16 K. 10 - 16 K Phones All Phones. Display ▾. Group: 10 - 16 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Display in 10 - 16 K. 10 - 16 K Phones All Phones. Camera ▾. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 10 - 16 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Best Rear Camera Phones in 10 - 16 K. 10 - 16 K Phones All Phones. Battery ▾. Group: 10 - 16 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings. See Phones with Best Battery Life in 10 - 16 K. 10 - 16 K Phones All Phones. Supports Indian bands 16 GB + 32 GB Expandable Dual SIM: Nano + Nano (Hybr... Mobile Phones in range of 10000 to 15000. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Specifications. 10 - 16 K Phones all phones. SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network. 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available Fingerprint Sensor. Group: 10 - 16 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Slimmest Phones in 10 - 16 K. 10 - 16 K Phones All Phones. Group: 10 - 16 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Lightest Phones in 10 - 16 K. 10 - 16 K Phones All Phones. 5.2 inches (13.21 cm) Screen Resolution. Full HD (1080 x 1920 pixels) Pixel Density. Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch Screen to Body Ratio. Group: 10 - 16 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Display in 10 - 16 K. 10 - 16 K Phones All Phones. Pixel Density compared to. Group: 10 - 16 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Sharpest Screen in 10 - 16 K. 10 - 16 K Phones All Phones. Octa core, 1.3 GHz, Cortex A53. Group: 10 - 16 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Performance Phones in 10 - 16 K. 10 - 16 K Phones All Phones. Group: 10 - 16 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Processor in 10 - 16 K. 10 - 16 K Phones All Phones. Octa core, 1.3 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Mediatek MT6753. Octa core, 1.3 GHz, Cortex A53, Chipset: Mediatek MT6753. Quad core, 2.3 GHz, Cortex A72 + Quad core, 1.8 GHz Cortex A53, Chipset: HiSilicon KIRIN950. Group: 10 - 16 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest RAM in 10 - 16 K. 10 - 16 K Phones All Phones. Group: 10 - 16 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Storage in 10 - 16 K. 10 - 16 K Phones All Phones. Internal Memory compared to. Group: 10 - 16 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Internal Memory in 10 - 16 K. 10 - 16 K Phones All Phones. Continuos Shooting, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR) Camera Features. Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus. Rear Camera compared to. Group: 10 - 16 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Best Rear Camera Phones in 10 - 16 K. 10 - 16 K Phones All Phones. Main Camera compared to. Group: 10 - 16 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Main Camera in 10 - 16 K. 10 - 16 K Phones All Phones. Front Camera compared to. Group: 10 - 16 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Highest Front Camera Resolution in 10 - 16 K. 10 - 16 K Phones All Phones. Up to 9 Hours(2G) Standby time. Group: 10 - 16 K Phones Based on specs, benchmarks & expert ratings See Phones with Best Battery Life in 10 - 16 K. 10 - 16 K Phones All Phones. SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano (Hybrid) Network Support. 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G SIM 1 SIM 2 Wi-Fi. TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3). GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. Disclaimer: The price & specs shown may be different from actual. Please confirm on the retailer site before purchasing. Questions and Answers View all FAQs about ZTE Blade V7 Plus. Please write your question as a complete sentence while asking a new question. Write Your Question as a complete sentence, then press Ask a Question. Be the first one to ask a question? Ask a Question. Subscribe for top stories, new launches & expert reviews!. Home | Privacy | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Visitor Agreement | Terms & Conditions |. News & Reviews | हिंदी न्यूज़. 
5.2-inch FHD S-IPS display, 1920 x 1080 resolution, ~424ppi. 16GB internal storage, expandable via microSD up to 128GB. ZTE’s “new” smartphone offers specs with big numbers, but with outdated bits. This is the ZTE Blade V7 Plus.. They are keen on providing us with new midrange devices. And with that said, you can expect nothing more, but less, with the. This new smartphone might have all the fancy numbers listed on its spec sheet, but it quickly disappoints in one of the most important segments. — a smartphone launched in 2017. — only runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow. It looks like Android O has already rolled out when this gets updated to Nougat, if it ever gets updated.. Related: ZTE Small Fresh 5: 720p display, Snapdragon 425 CPU, dual-camera. But if you can look past the operating system, you can actually appreciate this one. The Blade V7 Plus has a 5.2-inch display with a sharp 1080p resolution. There’s a 13-megapixel camera at the back, a fingerprint scanner, and a MediaTek octa-core processor inside.. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus is only currently available in Russia and Australia for $282 (~Php14,300). Whether or not it will be available in other countries is yet to be announced.. Source: Helpix Via: Phone Arena. More From NoypiGeeks ZTE Blade S6: 5-inch display, Snapdragon 615, 13-megapixel camera, $249.99 ZTE Small Fresh 4: 5.2-inch Display, Octa-core CPU, Android Marshmallow ZTE Small Fresh 5: 720p display, Snapdragon 425 CPU, dual-camera ZTE Blade X Max: 6-inch Full HD display, Snapdragon 435, 3400mAh battery ZTE Blade Max 3: 6-inch 1080p Display, Dual-Camera, Octa-core CPU ZTE Blade V8 Mini and ZTE Blade V8 Lite now official. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Smart Postpaid Plans: Get it for Php2,499 per month. Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus vs Galaxy Note 8: Specs Comparison. Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Galaxy S8: Specs Comparison. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus Prices in the Philippines. “Lifetime Cellphone Number Act” gets Senate approval. Broadband speed in the Philippines is now 50% faster, says Ookla. OPPO R15 leaked with an iPhone X-like notch. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. Key Specs Overview Images Complete Specs Competitors Videos News. ZTE Blade V7 Plus Upcoming. Facebook Twitter Google Plus. Market Status: Coming Soon | Launch Date in India: 2017, Coming Soon |. 13MP Primary Camera, 5 MP Front Camera. 5.2 inches 1080 x 1920 pixels. ZTE Blade V7 Plus comes with a 5.2 inches Capacitive Touchscreen. display with a screen resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels. The smartphone makes use of an Octa Core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53, MediaTek MT6753 that is coupled with Mali-T720 MP3 GPU,. 2 GB RAM and 16 GB Storage default memory capacity. This storage can be expanded up to another Up to 128 GB. with the help of a microSD Card.. For imaging, the ZTE Blade V7 Plus sports a 13 MP Camera with 1080p@30fps, Geo Tagging.. Up front, the smartphone from ZTE makes use of a 5 MP Camera selfie camera.. The connectivity aspects on board the ZTE Blade V7 Plus includes Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot, v4.0, A2DP, Yes, microUSB v2.0, Yes, with A-GPS. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus gets the power from a Non-removable Li-Ion 2500 mAh battery.. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus runs Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow).. ZTE Blade V7 Plus comes packed with a series of sensors, like Fingerprint Sensor.. The smartphone is priced at Rs. GENERAL Operating System Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow) Device type Smart Phone Sim Hybrid Sim (nano+nano/microSD) ANNOUNCED Status Coming Soon Global Release Date July 2017 Indian Release Date 2017, Coming Soon BODY Dimensions 148 x 72 x 7.5 mm Weight 143 g Body Material Metal DISPLAY Screen size 5.2 inches Form Factor Touch Screen resolution 1080 x 1920 pixels Touchscreen Capacitive Touchscreen Technology (Display Type) IPS LCD PROCESSOR CPU Octa Core 1.3 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU Mali-T720 MP3 Chipset MediaTek MT6753 STORAGE Internal Storage 16 GB Storage RAM 2 GB RAM External Storage Up to 128 GB Card Slot microSD Card Phonebook Unlimited Messaging Yes Call Records Unlimited CAMERA Primary camera 13 MP Camera Front Camera 5 MP Camera Video Recording 1080p@30fps Camera Features Geo Tagging MULTIMEDIA Audio Player MP3, AAC, AAC+, WAV, AMR, MIDI Video Player MPEG4, H.264, H.263, 3GP, AVI, 1280x720 Games Yes FM Radio Yes Speakers Yes Audio Jack 3.5mm Audio Jack BATTERY Type Non-removable Li-Ion 2500 mAh battery Stand by Up to 220 hrs Talk time Up to 9 hrs CONNECTIVITY GPRS Yes Edge Yes WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP Infrared Port NA USB Yes, microUSB v2.0 GPS Facility Yes, with A-GPS Browser Yes, HTML5 3G Speed HSPA, LTE NETWORK SUPPORT 3G UMTS 2100 / 900 MHz 2G GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz 4G VoLTE OTHER FEATURES Sensors Fingerprint Sensor. 4 GB 12MP. Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime (64GB - 4GB RAM). 4 GB 13MP. 3 GB 13MP. Samsung Galaxy J7 Nxt (32GB - 3GB RAM). 3 GB 13MP. &lt;div id=&quot;vt-video-player&quot;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;window.__ventunoplayer = window.__ventunoplayer||[];window.__ventunoplayer.push({video_key: &quot;ODg3MDk0fHwxMDA2fHwwfHx8fHx8&quot;, title: &quot;OnePlus 5 vs Honor 8 Pro vs Nubia M2 Which has the best dual-camera setup ! - GIZBOT&quot;, show_title: &quot;true&quot;, holder_id: &quot;vt-video-player&quot;, player_type: &quot;vp&quot;, width:&quot;100%&quot; , ratio:&quot;4:3&quot;});&lt;/script&gt;&lt;script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot;&gt;var vtn_ply_script = document.createElement(&quot;script&quot;);vtn_ply_script.type = &quot;text/javascript&quot;;vtn_ply_script.async = true;vtn_ply_script.src = &quot;https://pl.ventunotech.com/plugins/cntplayer/ventunoSmartPlayer.js&quot;;var vtn_add_script = document.getElementsByTagName(&quot;head&quot;)[0];vtn_add_script.appendChild(vtn_ply_script);&lt;/script&gt;. ZTE Blade A2 Plus Unboxing and Review. ZTE Blade A2 Plus Unboxing and Review. Latest ZTE Blade V7 Plus NEWS. ZTE Blade V7 Plus with 8MP front camera and rear fingerprint scanner launched July 05, 2017. Chinese electronics giant ZTE has just unveiled a new smartphone called the ZTE Blade V7 Plus. It was unexpected since there have been no additions to V7 series after last year's Blade V7 and Blade V7 Lite. Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming Upcoming. ZTE Blade V9 (32GB - 3GB RAM). ZTE Blade V9 (64GB - 4GB RAM). About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. You have already selected 4 products. 
You don't have permission to access /specifications/zte-blade-v7-plus/. 
Don't have an account? Sign up. Zte Blade V7 Plus Original Samsung 2Amp OEM Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable, White. Zte Blade V7 Plus Metal Heavy Duty Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Cable. Zte Blade V7 Plus Micro USB Cable, White. Zte Blade V7 Plus Luxmo Charging Bundle - Includes Car & Home Charger Adapters, Lightning Cable & Headphones. Zte Blade V7 Plus 21-Pin 2 Amp Car Charger, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Micro 6ft USB Cable, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Original Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 2 AMP Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable Combo EP-TA20JWE, White. Zte Blade V7 Plus Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter. Zte Blade V7 Plus OEM Home/Travel (ETA-U90JWE), Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus USB Home Charger, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Micro USB Female to Reversible USB Type-C Male Adapter. Zte Blade V7 Plus Metal Heavy Duty Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable. Zte Blade V7 Plus Micro 3ft USB Cable, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Car Charger USB Adapter, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Universal Metal Cylinder Power Bank/Portable Phone Charger (2600 mAh) with cable. Zte Blade V7 Plus 3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter. Zte Blade V7 Plus 4,500 mAh Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight. Zte Blade V7 Plus Micro 5 ft 0.6A 600 mAh USB Car Charger, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus 15 Watt 3Ft 3 Amp USB Type-C Heavy Duty Home Travel Charger, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus 4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank. Zte Blade V7 Plus Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh). Zte Blade V7 Plus Mini USB Wall Charger. Zte Blade V7 Plus USB Home/Travel Power Adapter (, 1000 mAh), White. Zte Blade V7 Plus Cellet 5ft LED Micro USB Cable, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Micro 3ft USB Charge & Sync Cable. Zte Blade V7 Plus Charge & Sync Type-C Flat Cable Keychain. Zte Blade V7 Plus Micro USB Home and Travel Wall Charger, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus OEM 1.8 Amp Micro USB Charger (MCS-04WD). Zte Blade V7 Plus OEM Micro USB Charger (ETA0U10JBE). Zte Blade V7 Plus Original Samsung 0.7 Amp OEM Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Braided Rugged Micro USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable. Zte Blade V7 Plus Type-C Mini Phone Fan. Zte Blade V7 Plus 3-in-1 3.5 ft Wall and Car Charger with Micro USB cable. Zte Blade V7 Plus Cellet 15 Watt 3 Amp USB Type-C Heavy Duty Retractable Car Charger, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Home/Travel , Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus 10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight. Zte Blade V7 Plus 21-pin 2 Amp Travel Charger, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Cellet 3 Ft 15 Watt 3 Amp USB Type-C Heavy Duty Car Charger, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus HyperGear Stik Power Bank / Portable Phone Charger and Flash Light (2600 mAh) with Micro USB cable. Zte Blade V7 Plus Original Samsung 2.0A OEM 2000 mAh Micro USB 3.0 Wall Charger and Cable for Samsung Galaxy S5, Galaxy Note 3, Galaxy Note Edge, Galaxy Tab Pro, White. Zte Blade V7 Plus Ultra-Compact USB Travel Wall Charger Adapter. Zte Blade V7 Plus Denim Micro USB Charge and Sync Cable. Zte Blade V7 Plus Car Charger , Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Car Charger for Older Samsung Model Devices, Black. Zte Blade V7 Plus Car Charger, Black. 
ZTE Blade V7 Plus (2017) review. ZTE Blade V7 Plus (BLADEV7P) specifications. 148 x 72 x 7.5 mm. Android OS v6.0 ( Marshmallow ). 13 MP 4160 x 3120 px autofocus. 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. accelerometer compass fingerprint gyroscope hall light proximity. ZTE Blade V7 Plus (BLADEV7P) pictures. ZTE Blade V7 Plus's (BLADEV7P) comparisons. DroidChart.com / Smartphones / ZTE / ZTE Blade V7 Plus (2017). 5.2 inches 1080 x 1920 px. The detailed specifications, photos and introductory video of the ZTE Blade V7 Plus (BLADEV7P). The list of the competitors most often compared to the ZTE Blade V7 Plus smartphone.. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus (BLADEV7P) smartphone released in 2017. It is powered by Mediatek MT6753 chipset, 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB of internal storage.. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus runs on Android OS v6.0 (Marshmallow) out of the box. It comes with a Li-Ion 2500 mAh, non-removable battery. It features a 5.2 inches IPS display with 1080 x 1920 px resolution. The IPS technology is one of the most leading LCD technologies in the world.. The ZTE Blade V7 Plus runs on Android OS v6.0 (Marshmallow) out of the box, but the Blade V7 Plus's firmware can be upgraded to a newer version of OS.. Screen size is measured in inches, diagonally from corner to corner. The 5.2 inches IPS capacitive touch screen with 1080 x 1920 px resolution is multitouch capable.. The smartphone's memory (2 GB) cannot be expanded, but the storage (16 GB) can be expanded with a microSD card.. The camera of the ZTE Blade V7 Plus is equipped with autofocus. Autofocus is a camera feature that fine-tunes the focus of the camera, it is a nice feature of this smartphone.. Blade V7 Plus is 3G and 4G capable. This smartphone has a built-in GPS receiver. GPS is a satellite based navigation system that allows the determination of the exact geographical location on Earth. This ZTE smartphone has FM radio receiver.. The Li-Ion 2500 mAh, non-removable battery gives the smartphone a good battery backup. This is a low maintenance battery. No periodic discharge is needed and charging can be done at random.. The smartphone sensors measure physical quantities and transmit them to the application processor. The phones's accelerometer is a built-in electronic component that measures tilt and motion. A fingerprint sensor is one of the easiest and most secure ways to protect your smartphone. The proximity sensor detects when a user is holding the phone near their face during a call and turns off the display to prevent keypad presses and battery consumption from the display. The Blade V7 Plus has Dual SIM capability, which means that you can insert two different SIM cards and use them both from one phone.. Compare ZTE Blade V7 Plus to other smartphones. The specifications above are based on the official data published by the manufacturer, but we also take user reviews into consideration. If you found an error or something lacking in the specifications above for the ZTE Blade V7 Plus, then don’t hesitate and signal the problem to us.. According to our statistics, the ZTE Blade V7 Plus smartphone was most often compared on our site with the following smartphones.. Compare ZTE Blade V7 Plus to other smartphones. If there’s information about the ZTE Blade V7 Plus that you would like to see on this site, then write to our webmaster@droidchart.com address.. 
