You're using a version of Internet Explorer we do not support. To view our website, please upgrade to the latest version of Internet Explorer through the Microsoft Download Center .. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. ZTE goes big with 6-inch Android phone for $130 (hands-on). The Max XL features Android Nougat and is available prepaid on Boost and Virgin.. by April 25, 2017 6:00 AM PDT. ZTE's Max XL serves up big screen for cheap. Fingerprint reader on the back 3,990mAh battery 5-megapixel front-facing camera 2GB of RAM 16GB of built-in storage, with expandable storage up to 128GB. ZTE announced a new mid-range Android phone today, and it packs an extra-large display with a small price tag. Known as the Max XL, it's a 6-inch handset available for $129.99 on Sprint's prepaid networks, Boost Mobile and Virgin.. Aside from the spacious screen, the phone features a 13-megapixel rear camera, a 1.4GHz eight-core processor and one of the latest versions of Android, Nougat 7.1.1. I've been checking out the Max XL these past few days and so far I can say it's pretty decent. Given its size, it's quite heavy in the hand and its design kind of reminds me of the Google Nexus 6. But the responsive and sharp display make web browsing and viewing video very comfortable.. ZTE's Max XL serves up big screen for cheap. The camera can handle brightly lit environments well, but struggles with closeup, macro shots. (When I was taking a photo of a knitted footstool, images turned out a little blurry, and the lighting was way overblown). Also, I find the interface's requirement of having a minimum of four home screen pages baffling.. Then again, the phone is only $130, which is a great deal if you're looking for a big-screen phone for less than $200. The Samsung Galaxy J7 , for example, retails for about $180. Though we haven't reviewed the J7 yet (and therefore can't determine if one is better than the other), on paper the J7 has a smaller 5.5-inch display, a 3,00mAh battery and runs an older version of Android (6.0).. CNET earns fees when you click these offers.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Phones More Products Support Blog Forum Store. Phones More Products Support Blog Forum Store. Treat yourself to the top of the line ZTE device with an extra-large 6” touchscreen display, 1.4GHz Octa-Core Processor, and the latest version of AndroidTM 7.1.1 Nougat OS. Capture stunning photos with the 13MP rear-facing camera and sharable-selfies with the 5MP front-facing lens. Browse, talk, text and play longer with a 3,990mAh battery. • Android N • 6" IPS FHD Display with Gorilla Glass • 3990 mAh Battery • Fingerprint Sensor •. 13MP Rear-Facing Camera + 5MP Front-FacingCamera • 1.4GHz Octo-Core Processor • MicroSD, support up to 128GB. Terrible Review by Tamara. I got this phone from Boost Mobile when I switched from Cricket. I had an Alcatel with Cricket and I've had a Samsung with Cricket. I dropped those phones several times. The screens were all cracked up but they still worked excellent. I like the ZTE Max XL but ever since I've had this phone there has been nothing but problems. The phone has just shut off on me twice and will not turn back on. It gets hot and the colors on the phone go out. This is the first phone that I've had that I have not dropped but cuts off, gets hot, and the color goes out. Very good Review by Earl. Coming from a cracked screen Moto E, this was a huge upgrade. The screen is larger than you'll think it will be...at least it was for me. It's almost TOO big to use as a phone lol. If you want an inexpensive device to serve as a cell, small tablet, music player, etc., this is an incredible deal. Yes, I too have the problem with viewing youtube videos in HD. For $85, it understandable that it's not going to be perfect. The finger print reader for access is a nice touch. I can make it through an entire day with either wifi or cellular data on all the time. Could make it two days if I had to. It also features the latest USB-C charger connection, which means it doesn't matter which way you plug the charger in. Latest version of Android is a good thing as well. I immediately bought a rugged case w a built-in screen protector from Amazon for like 10 bucks...love it. Overall, this has been an awesome purchase from a bang-for-your-buck perspective. WORST PHONE HANDS DOWN Review by Jason. There is no other phone that comes close to being as bad as the max xl. Shuts off on its on at least once a day. In the middle of phone calls, when you set the alarm, pretty much whenever wherever. I literally can not find one good thing about this phone. I will NEVER BUY A ZTE PHONE AGAIN! (Posted on 11/17/2017). Great Phone...Great Price! Review by Keith O. I have used this phone heavily for about 6 months and love it. i have had very few problems like freezing or lag time. Coming from the Zte Warp Elite, it is a slight downgrade in software and media hardware. But still, it has a great camera and plays all my mp3s and movies just fine. certainly makes it easy to unlock with one hand. I have deducted one star, however, due to the lack of USB OTG support. HATE IT! Review by Michael. Worst piece of garbage I ever had the misfortune to buy!. WORSE, I bought TWO of them! (Posted on 10/7/2017). I Just Purchased My New ZTE MAX XL Last Thursday On BoostMobile...So Far So Good...I Was Quite Hesitant To Purchase This Device At First...But So Far I'm Glad I Did...It's First Ever Device With A Bloody Amazing 6 Inch Display With Corning®Gorilla®Glass 3...Other Great Key Features Include: The Qualcomm/Snapdragon 435/64Bit 1.4 GHz Octacore Processor~3990mAh Battery And The Splendid Fingerprint Sensor...Ignore Any Ignorant Comments About This Device... Nothings Perfect...If One Doesn't Do Something Correctly Or If It's A 1 In A Million Chance It's A Defective Unit...It Doesn't Mean All Are Bad... Overall So Far It's A Splendid Device...I'm Quite Happy With My Purchase...ZTE Seems To Have Really Stepped Up With These Budget MAX Series Devices... Good phone, but not great Review by Chris. I love the ZTE Max XL and the battery is great and lasts all day, the screen is bright and crisp, and the fingerprint scanner is a nice touch. However, this phone could have used more ram, because the OS hogs most of the 2GB. I've noticed the screen does flicker. And with ZTE's track record I don't think we'll see Android 8.0, but hey, we'll see. WORST THAN TRASH Review by Eric. I am a regular ZTE customer; I have had at least 10 ZTE phones in the past 5 years and currently have 3 other models with my family. I just bought the ZTE MAX XL about 5 weeks and the only good thing a can write about it is that it has a big case full of nothing but garbage. I noticed that the screen invert colors on the first day but I needed the phone so i couldn't return it. Then freezing, drop calls and please DON'T try the GPS because you won’t notice when it stop working in the middle of nowhere. I can't see my callers because the screen went dead and the list goes on. Both ZTE and boost tech support have reset the phone more than once and still NO GOOD. This phone is just a disgrace for ZTE; I won’t recommend it for my worst enemy. Stronger LTE signal Review by Paul. I just wish the LTE signal stayed in 4G in most places,as well as gaining a STRONGER SIGNAL in general. Otherwise, the phone works fine for me & fast !!!! (Posted on 9/4/2017). I just do not always get good internet. I enjoy all the apps and features of the phone otherwise. Please log in or register to give us a review.. Check out the latest support materials here for your device.. Download user manuals, read FAQs, and upgrade your device's software.. Hotline Hours: Monday-Sunday 8am - 9pm (CST). If you have questions about how to use ZTE mobile devices or your device needs repair services, please contact our services hotline or email for more information.. Be the first to learn about our newest items, promotions and events.. © 1998 - 2017 ZTE Corporation and ZTE USA. 
How to Block a Number on Any Phone. How to Build Your Smart Home. How to Create an Anonymous Email Account. How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan. How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication. How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router. Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know. Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Antivirus, Safety & Security. Back Browsers & Operating Systems. Best HR Software & Management Systems. Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools. Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools. Back Cameras & Photo/Video Editing. Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts. Best Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Cases. Best Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Cases. Best MacBook Air Cases and Sleeves. Back Smart Home & Wearables. Back Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup. Back Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers. Back Shows, Events & Holiday. Back TVs & Streaming Media. Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services. Best Small Business Web Hosting Services. The ZTE Max XL phablet on Boost Mobile delivers solid performance, a nice display, great network connectivity, and the latest Android software for an affordable price. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. View All 8 Photos in Gallery. The ZTE Max XL phablet on Boost Mobile delivers solid performance, a nice display, great network connectivity, and the latest Android software for an affordable price.. ZTE has been making a lot of big, affordable phablets lately, and the Max XL for Boost Mobile is no exception. $129.99 gets you a phone with a crisp 6-inch display, a capable processor, and the latest version of Android. It's also the first non-flagship phone to support HPUE, a network technology that allows for better coverage and faster data speeds on Sprint (and, in turn, Boost). All that makes the Max XL a terrific value for the price, and our Editors' Choice.. The Max XL lives up to its name, measuring in at 6.5 by 3.3 by 0.4 inches (HWD) and a hefty 6.4 ounces. It's bigger all around than the LG Stylo 3 (6.1 by 3.1 by 0.3 inches, 5.3 ounces), and notably heavier than the metal-clad HTC Bolt (6.1 by 3.0 by 0.3 inches, 6.1 ounces). Even if you're used to phablets, you still might find the Max XL to be a bit unwieldy. It's too wide to reach across with your thumb, and a sizable bezel on the top and bottom make using it with one hand impossible, though the textured gray plastic back offers decent grip.. View All 8 Photos in Gallery. A pair of volume buttons are on the right side, with a clicky textured power button below. The top has a 3.5mm headphone jack, a USB-C port is on the bottom (still uncommon at this price point), and a SIM/microSD card slot is on the left. The microSD card slot worked with a 256GB card. The fingerprint sensor on the back is responsive, and also functions as a camera shutter key when you're in the camera app.. The phone has a 6-inch, 1,920-by-1,080 IPS display that's great for multimedia. It offers solid resolution for the size, packing 367 pixels into each inch. Text and video look crisp, with no noticeable pixelation, and viewing angles are good. With the brightness dialed up to maximum, the XL is easy to see in direct sunlight. There are several backlit capacitive buttons under the display for navigation.. Boost Mobile uses Sprint's network, so service is identical between the two carriers. The Max XL supports CDMA (0/1/10), GSM (850/1900MHz), UMTS (2/4/5), and LTE bands (2/3/4/5/7/12/25/26/41). Like the Stylo 3 , it supports 2x20 carrier aggregation and automatically switches between 4G LTE and LTE Plus when available. Where the Max XL differs from the Stylo 3 is with HPUE—High Power User Equipment—which improves 2.5GHz coverage on band 41 devices on Sprint's network. In practical terms, this translates to better outdoor coverage strength and indoor signal penetration.. During testing in Midtown Manhattan, the XL largely matched the Stylo 3's speed, hitting 34.7Mbps down and 12.7Mbps up. But it pulls ahead in areas where network strength is poor. In a series of ten side-by-side tests, the XL regularly had connectivity in places the Stylo 3 didn't, and recovered from dead zones faster. If you use your phone in area with iffy Sprint connectivity, you want a phone that supports HPUE.. Additional connection options include dual-band Wi-Fi (2.4GHz and 5GHz) and Bluetooth 4.2. There's no NFC, but that's not a feature you typically find at this price point.. Call quality is generally quite good. Voices sound natural and transmissions are mostly clear, with only the occasional crackling or pop. Earpiece volume could be a bit louder, and the rear speaker is pretty tinny, but noise cancellation blots out traffic and other background noise.. The Max XL is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 processor clocked at 1.4GHz. In the AnTuTu benchmark test, a measure of overall system performance, it scores 45,486, just ahead of the Stylo 3 (42,131) which has the same chipset. Compared with ZTE's older, Snapdragon 410-powered Warp 7 (26,882), performance is significantly better.. The phone's 2GB of RAM is enough to handle a decent amount multitasking without any slowdown. Performance is smooth overall, and demanding games like GTA: San Andreas are playable, but you'll occasionally experience dropped frames and sluggish controls.. See How We Test Cell Phones. Battery life is decent, but not as exceptional as its 3,990mAh capacity would lead you to believe. The phone clocked 5 hours, 15 minutes when streaming full-screen video over LTE at maximum brightness, which is less than the Stylo 3 managed (6 hours, 33 minutes). The LG X Power 's slightly larger 4,100mAh battery ups the ante considerably, clocking 8 hours, 48 minutes. This is most largely due to the XL's bright, supersized display, which sucks up power much more greedily than smaller, dimmer screens. With more moderate usage, I never had a problem getting the XL to last all day.. The XL's 13-megapixel rear camera is a low point. It takes passable pictures in good lighting, but most shots tend to look a bit dull and grainy. On cloudy days and in lower light conditions, there was quite a bit of noticeable artifacting. Overall photo quality is similar to what you'll find on the Stylo 3, but I prefer the Stylo for its brighter colors and smoother post-processing. The Max XL does pull ahead somewhat thanks to manual controls, allowing you to adjust exposure, focus, shutter speed, ISO, and white balance to improve shots. But there's only so much you can do. The 5-megapixel front-facing camera is fine. Both sensors record in 1080p at 30fps, though video can be a little jittery.. It's rare for budget phones to offer the latest software. The Max XL is running the very latest Android 7.1.1 Nougat , the same build currently on the Google Pixel XL. That's impressive in and of itself, but what's even better is that the Max XL's UI is pretty close to stock. Aside from some minor additions in the Settings menu, like the ability to remap the capacitive keys, everything should be familiar to seasoned Android users.. ZTE's big win in the software department is somewhat tempered by a healthy dose of bloatware. There are 12 apps from Boost, five Amazon apps, Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and NextRadio. Most of the Boost apps and NextRadio can be removed, but the rest can only be disabled. Even after you delete everything, you're left with a paltry 3.12GB of available storage. It's a good thing you get that microSD card slot.. For $130, the ZTE Max XL gets you solid performance, a big, bright 1080p screen, the latest Android software, and better connectivity thanks to the presence of HPUE. Compared with the aging and overpriced competition, the Max XL offers better overall performance at a more affordable price. Unless you're keen on using a stylus to take notes and want a removable battery, the Max XL has more to offer than the Stylo 3, and it's $50 less. That makes it the best budget-friendly phone you can buy on Boost Mobile, and our new Editors' Choice.. Bottom Line: The ZTE Max XL phablet on Boost Mobile delivers solid performance, a nice display, great network connectivity, and the latest Android software for an affordable price.. Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Hands On: Alcatel Series 5, 3, 1 Phones, 1T Tablets, Linkzone Hotspots. Skyroam Tips $99 4G Roaming Subscription Service. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page.. Get Our Best Stories! Email Sign Up. Subscribe to What's New Now. This newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time.. Tech on a Budget: 35 Gift Ideas Under $20. 28 Hidden iOS 11 Tips You Need to Know. 13 Must-Have Tech Gifts Under $50. 10 Games Every Nintendo Switch Player Needs. TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things'. How to Master iOS 11's New Control Center. How to Play DVDs in Windows 10. How to Stop Blue Light From Disturbing Your Sleep. PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here .. 
Sign in to your account to view this secure information.. Waived activation/upgrade fee - save $30!. Web-exclusive deals on the hottest devices. Get your new phone FAST with in-store pick-up or overnight shipping. Your account is not eligible to shop online.. Thanks for being a Sprint customer. You have a past due bill. To shop online, you'll need to make a payment.. To make a purchase, you'll need to sign in as the account owner.. You cannot add any more lines to your account.. A plan change is in progress on your account. You'll need to finish or remove your plan change from your cart before you add a line to your account.. Looks like you have a plan change pending on your account. Please come back after your plan change has taken effect to add a line.. We want you back! Returning to Sprint is easy. 1 (855) 836-8723 to reactivate your account.. Your account is not allowed to order online.. This account is pending and not allowed to order a new line yet. You do not have permission to add a line to your account. Please contact the account owner to make a purchase.. You do not have permission to add a line to your account. Please contact the account owner to make a purchase.. You do not have permission to add a line to your account. Please contact the account owner to make a purchase.. Your account is not allowed to shop online.. Thanks for being a Sprint customer. You have a past due bill. To shop online, you'll need to make a payment.. You cannot add any more lines to your account.. You already have an order for this line in your cart. Click the cart icon to continue with your order.. Oh no! There is an error on your account that is preventing us from letting you upgrade online. Please chat to complete your order. Error code: installment billing loan and lease open.. You already have an upgrade order pending on this phone number. You'll need to cancel that order to order again.. Changing your credit status will also change the prices on the items you've already added to your cart.. Your credit score affects the amount of your down payment and monthly payments. What do the different credit options mean?. = a lower down payment on your device.. = a higher down payment, but lower monthly payments.. = You have a positive credit history.. Building credit = You've recently established credit or have some credit issues.. = You don't want Sprint to check your credit score.. Trade in isnt available online yet.. Please call at 866-275-1411 or visit a Sprint store near you to get this offer.. I've established a positive credit history.. I've recently established credit or have some credit issues.. Already a Sprint customer? Sign in to:. Lowest price for your phone + plan. Turn it in and upgrade to a new one at the end of your lease.. You own the phone after it's paid off.. Watch how to return your device. You cannot add any more lines to your account.. protection data-upgrade-device-button data-upgrade-link name= class="hide add-to-cart button button--full-on-mobile button--minwidth-md">Continue upgrade. Transfer your number, autopay and buy one, get one promotions will be applied during checkout.. Important! This selection will apply to all devices in your order and can be edited in cart. If something happens to your phone, you might have to pay up to $ to replace it.. If something happens to your phone, you might have to pay up to $ to replace it.. If something happens to your phone, you may have to pay full retail price to replace it.. If something happens to your phone, you may have to pay full retail price to replace it.. Transfer your number, autopay and buy one, get one promotions will be applied during checkout.. Important! This selection will apply to all devices in your order and can be edited in cart. Take your phone to the MAX with the new ZTE MAXTM XL. View videos, apps, and more with the stunning clarity of the 6- inch touchscreen. With talk time up to 26.6 hours (3990 mAh Battery), chat all day long without worrying about your battery. Plus, equipped with HPUE (High Performance User Equipment), experience the Sprint network with better, increased coverage, more capacity and faster speed.. Battery information : 3990 mAh Li-Ion battery (non-removable). Bluetooth profiles : A2DP, AVRCP, GAVDP, HFP, PBAP, HSP, HID, FTP, GOEP, SPP, MAP, PAN, HDP, OPP. Dimensions : 3.3" x 6.5" x 0.37". Display : 6.0" Full HD IPS Touchscreen Display (1920x1080). Memory : 16GB ROM / 2GB RAM *Micro SD card slot supports up to 128GB (not included). Operating system : Android 7.0. Processor : 1.4GHz Octa-Core Processor. Talk time : Up to 26.6 hours. Sign up for Sprint offers and news.. © 2018 Sprint.com - All Rights Reserved.. Sprint Unlimited Freedom plan: ** Mo. USF charge of up to 18.8% (varies quarterly), up to $2.50 Admin. /line/mo.) & fees by area (approx. unlimited domestic Long Distance calling, texting & data that streams video at up to HD 1080p, music at up to 1.5mbps, gaming at up to 8mbps. & 10GB of high-speed Mobile Hotspot, VPN & P2P data. After the 10GB, MHS, VPN & P2P usage limited to 2G speeds. discount you must remain enrolled in AutoPay.. Customers who use more than 23GB of data during a billing cycle will be deprioritized during times & places where the Sprint network is constrained. To improve data experience for the majority of users, throughput may be limited, varied or reduced on the network. if off-network roaming usage in a mo. or a majority of min.; or (2) 100MB or a majority of KB. Prohibited network use rules apply --see sprint.com/termsandconditions.. See store or sprint.com for details. Sprint & logo are trademarks of Sprint. Other marks are property of their respective owners.. 2 for 1 iPhone 8 offer:. Phone Offer: iPhone 8 64GB $699.99. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. Models with higher memory configurations may require a down payment. term, customer can continue to pay monthly lease amount, purchase or return the device. Customer is responsible for insurance and repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. 2-for-1 iPhone 8: Reqs eligible plan. Credits end at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first. Higher memory configurations, and iPhone 8+ will receive the same mo. credit amount & will not be $0/mo. iPhone X offer: Credits end at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first. iPhone Forever: Does not guarantee mo. payment amount, phone selection, or svc. Upgrade after 12 payments as long as lease & early upgrade offered. active line thru time of upgrade with min. plan payments, new phone Lease Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. same generation model iPhone; must be next generation iPhone. Other Terms: Offer/coverage not avail. See store or sprint.com for details.. Samsung Galaxy offers: While supplies last. Phone Offer: Samsung Galaxy S8 MSRP $750.00; Samsung Galaxy S8+ MSRP $850.00; Samsung Note8 MSRP $960.00; Samsung Galaxy GS8 Active MSRP $850.00. Monthly Credits: End at end of term, early payoff, or upgrade, whichever occurs first. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. term, customer can continue to pay mo. Customer is responsible for insurance & repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. Galaxy Forever: Does not guarantee monthly payment amount, phone selection, or service plan rates. Upgrade after 12 payments as long as lease and early upgrades offered. active line thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive monthly service plan payments, new phone Lease Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. Upgrade does not include same generation model Galaxy; must be next generation Galaxy. Other Terms: Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. May not be combined with other offers. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. See store or sprint.com for details. Samsung and Galaxy S are both trademarks of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.. LG V30+ offer: While supplies last. Phone Offer: LG V30+ MSRP $912.00. Monthly Credits: End at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. term, customer can continue to pay mo. Customer is responsible for insurance & repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. LG Accessory Offer: Customer choice of either one Tone Headset (ARV: $179.99) or one Google Home (ARV: $129.99) (the "Gift"), with purchase of a qualifying LG V30+ or G6 between 2/9/18 at 12:00:00 am CT and 3/1/18 at 11:59:59 pm CT, while supplies last. of 50 US/DC, USVI, or PR, 18+. Offer available only for qualifying device purchases or leases at www.sprint.com or qualifying locations. Limit 1 Gift per qualifying device; 5 Gifts per account/household (excl. Visit www.lgpromotions.com/sprint for full terms and to submit claims by 3/15/18 at 11:59:59 pm CT. Sponsor: LG Electronics MobileComm USA, Inc., 1000 Sylvan Ave, Englewood Clis, NJ 07632. Other Terms: Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. May not be combined with other offers. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. See store or sprint.com for details. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. term, customer can continue to pay mo. Customer is responsible for insurance & repairs.. active line thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive monthly service plan payments, & add-on if required, new phone Lease, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. Add-on must be added within 30 days of purchase.. May not be combinable with other offers. See store or sprint.com for details. 2 for 1 iPhone 7 offer. Offer is for a limited time only. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. Models with higher memory configurations may require a down payment. term, customer can continue to pay monthly lease amount, purchase or return the device. Customer is responsible for insurance and repairs.. Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease.. leases on iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus. Higher memory configurations and iPhone 7 Plus for second iPhone will receive $22.92/mo. service credit and will not be $0/mo. Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgr., whichever occurs first. Both devices must be acquired/returned in same transaction.. Does not guarantee monthly payment amount, phone selection, or service plan rates. Upgrade after 12 payment as long as lease and early upgrades offered. active line thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive monthly service plan payments, new phone Lease Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. Upgrade does not include same generation model iPhone; must be next generation iPhone.. See store or sprint.com for details. Phone Offer: Moto e4 $6.05 Lease:. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. term, customer can continue to pay mo. Customer is responsible for insurance & repairs.. Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease.. Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgr. Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. May not be combined with other offers. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. See store or sprint.com for details. Other marks are the property o their respective owners.. moto e4 one-phone offer: Limited time offer. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. term, customer can continue to pay mo. Customer is responsible for insurance & repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgr., whichever occurs first. Other Terms: Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. May not be combined with other offers. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. See store or sprint.com for details. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.. & off set with bill credit. Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first. May not be combinable with other tablet offers. Requires activation at point of sale. Available to new and existing customers who have an active Sprint wireless phone line. qualifying data plan and new activation. Only 1 Tablet Offer per account during this offer. active smartphone line and is not limited to 1 free tablet.. installment agmt., 0% APR & qualifying device & svc. Down pymt., unfinanced portion & sales tax (on full purch. If you cancel wireless svc., remaining balance on device becomes due. See store or sprint.com for details.. ET Mon-Fri, get it the next business day. If the device you're ordering is backordered, we'll ship your device overnight as soon as it's available.. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. Models with higher memory configurations may require a down payment. term, customer can continue to pay monthly lease amount, purchase or return the device. Customer is responsible for insurance and repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. Other Terms: Offers and coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. See store or sprint.com for details.. installment agreement, 0% APR, & qualifying device & service plan. Models with higher memory configurations may require a down payment. Monthly payment terms and down payment for all others will vary. Down payment, unfinanced portion and sales tax (on full purchase price) due at purchase. Early termination of 24-Month Installments/Service: If you cancel wireless service, remaining balance on device becomes due. Early Upgrade for 24-Month Installments: Req. active add-on thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive payments of both the buy up and an installment agreement for devices, new phone Installment Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled installment payments for giveback device are waived. iPhone Forever: Limited time offers. Monthly lease payments exclude taxes (varies by area). Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. Upon completion of lease term, customer can continue to pay monthly lease amount, purchase, return, or trade-in the device. Must remain on qualifying service plan and in good standing for duration of lease. Customer is responsible for insurance and repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. iPhone Forever: Applies to upgrade on lease. Does not guarantee monthly payment amount, phone selection, or service plan rates. Upgrade does not include same generation model iPhone. Models with higher configurations may require an additional one-time capital cost reduction payment due at signing. Contract buy out offer: Amount based on ETF (early termination fee) charged or remaining phone balance. port from other carrier to Sprint; remain active; in good standing for 30 days before card issuance & buyback of working phone tied to offer. Phone must be deactivated & all personal data deleted. Register & submit final bill w/ ETF or phone balance within 60 days of switching at sprint.com/joinsprint. Allow 15 days after registration approval for Prepaid Card arrival. Excludes discounted phones, 100+ Corporate-liable, prepaid & ports made between Sprint or related entities. ÊPrepaid card: is issued by MetaBank, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. No cash access or recurring payments. Can be used everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. Card and funds expires after 6 months. Card terms and conditions apply, see www.SprintPrepaidCard.com.. Early Termination Fee (sprint.com/etf): After 14 days, up to $350/line. Upgrade: See rebate form or sprint.com/upgrades for details. Other Terms: Offers and coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. See store or sprint.com for details.. Our protection plans must be added within 30 days of activating your device. Available in select delivery zones by appointment only. Customer must be activating select new phones. Offer/coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. Claim based on Sprint's analysis of average LTE download speeds using Nielsen NMP data (Feb. Actual download speeds may vary by location and device capability.. Other terms: Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. May not be combined with other offers. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. See store or sprint.com for details. Sprint and the logo are trademarks of Sprint. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.. Please visit sprint.com/recycle for information about recycling in your state, including state agency website and contact information. (In CT or 860 424-3000; IL. Changing your credit status will also change the prices on the items you've already added to your cart.. Do you want to continue your session?. For security reasons, your session will be timed out in 2 minute.. Connecting to your account lets us quickly confirm your options, pricing and personal information.. Easily view or pay bills, update your account preferences, monitor data usage, upgrade online and get special offers.. What would you like to do?. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900. 165.1 x 83.8 x 9.4 mm (6.5 x 3.30 x 0.37 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 6.0 inches, 99.2 cm 2 (~71.7% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~367 ppi density). 32 GB, 2 GB RAM (Sprint) or 16 GB, 2 GB RAM. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, WiFi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 2.0). Up to 26 h 30 min (3G). Li-Ion 3400 mAh battery (for Sprint). Also known as ZTE Blade X Max for Sprint/Cricket. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. ZTE Max XL - user opinions and reviews. I got this phone for $99+tax at BestBuy and am thrilled by it's performance. If it were slightly bigger, I could hang this on a wall land get rid of my TV. I don't think voice recognition has to do with a cellphone than t.... I wrote it someone on top but if ur not getting any even using ur Fon go into ur apps on ur home screen look for the voice mail app and set it up. After to make sure if u want to hear it to me its annoying so I picked the second option on the notific.... You have to go into apps the icon with dots look for voice mail BC its a external voice mail. Go in n get in the settings make sure its not set to block personal I have it at silent which should b the seconded on the options. Next got to ur Fon setti.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. ZTE Blade Z Max ZTE Zmax Pro Motorola Moto E4 Plus LG Stylus 3 Motorola Moto E4 ZTE Blade Force. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Axon 7 ZTE nubia Z17s ZTE Axon 9 ZTE nubia Z17. 
It's a big phone for 100 bucks, but ZTE's Max XL stretches too far. The ZTE Max XL is affordable, but its predecessor has us spoiled.. The ZTE Max XL is affordable, but its predecessor has us spoiled.. The ZTE Max XL is affordable, but its predecessor has us spoiled.. Slightly thicker, but more comfortable to hold. Phone Reviews Product Reviews. Chinese smartphone manufacturer ZTE took us by surprise last year with the Max Pro, namely because of its $100 price tag (on MetroPCS). Its big, bright, beautiful screen, solid performance, and long-lasting battery made its disappointing camera easy to forgive.. Now, ZTE’s back with another budget-focused phone: The Max XL. It’s the spiritual successor to the ZMax Pro , but outfitted with a bigger battery and other minor updates. Best of all, it costs the same $100 with a $30 discount, though this time that price is available only on Boost Mobile.. You can’t expect much for a $100, and while the ZMax Pro surprised us, the Max XL is a little underwhelming. A long-lasting battery is the best thing going for it, and you’ll have to live with a sluggish processor, and another disappointing camera.. You’d be forgiven for mistaking the Max XL for the ZMax Pro. From the front, the two phones look identical.. Despite the Max XL’s massive 6-inch footprint, I didn’t find it any more awkward to handle than last year’s ZMax Pro. Admittedly, one-handed use is pretty much impossible — you’re forced to shimmy up the Max XL’s edges to reach the top. But considering the generous amount of real estate afforded, it’s a price to pay for fans of large-screen phones.. The Max XL’s giant screen is shielded by curved Gorilla Glass. The edges are ever-so-slightly raised above the Max XL display, and contoured around the phone’s four edges. We’re big fans of the execution, here — the sloping glass feels and looks just as good, if not better, as it does on the ZMax Pro.. While the XL is lighter than the Pro, it feels bulkier and is thicker. It’s likely due to the bigger battery in the XL, and we don’t mind — after all, who doesn’t want more battery life?. The other differences between the two phones are a little tougher to spot. The Max XL inherits the ZMax Pro’s sturdy textured power button and two-button volume rocker. The SIM card tray and MicroSD card slot haven’t moved from their respective positions on the phone’s upper-left side. The XL retains a 3.5mm audio jack and a USB Type-C port, which is more than can be said for some budget phones.. On the back, the Max XL’s rear camera — a perfect circle — sits above a single LED flash. The embedded fingerprint, positioned below the flash, has a sloping edge that’s not as harsh on skin as the the ZMax Pro sensor’s sharp edges.. Another miss is the Max XL’s lack of a NFC chip.. There’s one similarity between the Max XL and ZMax Pro we were disappointed to see: Its three-button row of touch-sensitive navigation buttons. They don’t have any distinguishable icons to remind you which is the back button, and which is the Recent apps button — and worst of all they’re sometimes unresponsive.. Another miss is the Max XL’s lack of a near-field communications (NFC) sensor. Just like the ZMax Pro, it doesn’t support Android Pay — you can’t tap to pay at grocery stores, coffee shops, and other retailers with contactless terminals; pair with other NFC devices; or transfer files via Android Beam. Tap-to-pay platforms like Android Pay are gaining steam, so it’s sad to see ZTE leaving NFC out. But the company isn’t alone — Lenovo’s Moto G5 lacks NFC in some territories as well.. The Max XL is a tad bit more comfortable to hold, thanks to rounded-out sides and corners. It ditches the ZMax Pro’s gold accents, instead opting for a solid light-grey scheme. The new back cover material resists oily fingerprints, and has a much better grip.. We weren’t expecting much from the Max XL’s Full HD (1,920 ×. 1,080 pixels) screen, and that intuition turned out to be on point. In our testing, text was sharp and the panel’s scale lent a cinematic quality to movies and TV shows. Initially, we noticed a pinkish distortion that seemed to worsen in apps with white menus like Chrome and YouTube, but after testing a second device we could not reproduce the issue.. ZTE Max XL Compared To. Brightness is more or less the same at the maximum setting, when compared to the ZMax Pro’s screen, and so is the external speaker. We found the ZMax Pro’s loudspeaker to be tinny and indistinct, and the Max XL’s model is no different. The included Dolby Audio equalizer app, which lets you tweak frequency levels and switch between pre-programmed audio profiles, didn’t seem to improve anything.. The Max XL shares even more with the ZMax Pro internally than it does externally. It packs the octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 processor. We would have liked to see a new chipset here, but the 435 isn’t bad at all.. In our testing, the Max XL handled light tasks flawlessly. Albums in Facebook and Chrome loaded relatively quickly, as did chat threads in Slack and Facebook Messenger. Pinch-to-zoom in Google Maps was as speedy on the Max XL as it is was the ZMax Pro. We didn’t notice any slowdowns while opening large attachments in Gmail, which sometimes bogs down even the best performers.. That said, the Snapdragon 435 is no powerhouse. In Chrome, high-res images strained the chip. — panning and zooming became noticeably jittery. Apps sometimes hesitated a second or two before launching, and there seemed to be a slight, pervading lag on the home screen and in the multitasking menu.. But it didn’t show in benchmarking tests. In 3D Mark’s Sling Shot ES 3.1 test, the Max XL managed a score of 455 — a little better than the ZMax Pro (368) and about even with the Snapdragon 617-powered Moto G4 (384), but short of aging competition like the two-year-old Nexus 5X (1,487), which was slightly more expensive and has a different processor.. We were impressed by the ZMax Pro’s long-lasting battery, and the Max XL is an even better performer. That’s not exactly surprising — its 3,990mAh battery is almost 600mAh bigger than the the ZMax Pro’s (3,400mAh).. Over the course of three fairly long workdays, the Max XL lasted like a champ.. Over the course of three fairly long workdays, the Max XL lasted like a champ. Facebook updates, email attachments, RSS feeds, and light internet browsing drained it to about 40 percent. By the time I slapped it on the charger around midnight, it had about 25 percent. Altogether, that worked out to about 18 hours of battery life.. The Max XL, just like the ZMax Pro, supports Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 3.0 rapid charging technology. It doesn’t charge as quickly as the chip maker’s new Quick Charge 4.0-enabled chips, which deliver up to five hours of battery life in five minutes. In our testing, the Max XL took between forty minutes to an hour and a half to recharge fully.. The ZMax Pro’s 13-megapixel rear camera struggled with detail, color inaccuracy, and noise. Unfortunately, the Max XL — which packs the same sensor — doesn’t improve on much.. In decent sunny, outdoor lighting, the Max XL captured competent — but not great — shots. It rendered buildings in New York City’s Flatiron district a little dimmer than it should’ve, and shadows lacked detail.. Indoor shots were a different story. Under the bright florescents of Digital Trends’ NYC office, contrast was substantially degraded. The Max XL had a tough time accounting for artificial light sources, resulting in low-contrast, out-of-focus photos with lots of noise.. The front-facing 5-megapixel camera was no better. In our testing, selfies came out blurry and noisy.. One of the best things about the ZMax Pro was its “light touch” take on Android.. One of the best things about the ZMax Pro was its “light touch” take on Android. If we didn’t know any better, we’d think it was running bone-stock Android Nougat 7.1.1 — the icons, lock screen, and menus are as close as you’ll find to the vanilla version of Android. It isn’t completely untarnished — the notification shade is transparent, for example — but ZTE left the core elements intact.. ZTE has kept bloatware to a minimum, too, just as it did with the ZMax Pro. Lookout, a mobile security app, is in tow, as is a sound recorder app, an FM radio app, and a basic file manager. ZTE provides a standard one-year limited warranty on the Max XL. It offers replacements and repairs on units that are found to be “defective in material or workmanship,” and offers a refund if a repair is determined to be impossible. It doesn’t cover unauthorized modifications made to the Max XL, of course, and accidental damage will also void the warranty. In other words, if the Max XL’s screen shatters or its casing scratched, those repairs will have to be paid for out of pocket.. The ZTE Max XL is exclusive to Boost Mobile, Sprint’s. prepaid brand, for the time being. It’s available for $100 after a $30 promotional discount.. ZTE’s ZMax Pro may not have been perfect, but it was a pretty compelling deal at $100. The Max XL will give you a similar experience, but there’s even more competition.. ZTE’s generally good about keeping its phones up to date, though you may have to wait a few months. It recently rolled out Android 7.0 Nougat, the newest version, to the. It announced that older phones, including the Axon Max, and Axon Elite will receive the upgrade to Nougat in the near future.. ZTE Max XL Premium Leather Pouch Holder. ZTE Max XL Rugged Holster Case. Historically, ZTE’s baked major new features into software updates. The Axon 7, for example, got support for Wi-Fi calling and Google’s Daydream virtual reality platform. If you pull the trigger on the Max XL, you can expect it to last at least a year.. If you can spring for a higher tier of budget phone, we highly recommend the Lenovo Moto G5 , which has a far better camera, processor, and screen than the Max XL. It starts at $230, but in our estimation, it’s extra money well spent.. If not, the Moto E4 is also an excellent choice that will only cost you $130.. The Max XL is a solid budget phone for $100, but you can get a slightly better experience by going with the similarly-priced Moto E4. If you can spend a little more money, go for the Moto G5 Plus, and you’ll have a far better experience. If you’re on Boost Mobile, the ZTE Max XL is still a fine choice — especially thanks to its long-lasting battery.. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid.... has been added to your Cart. Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. 1-Year PrePaid Mobile Phone Protection Plan. $25 Dollar deductible will apply; only available to U.S. Coverage includes spills, drops and cracks. Free 2-way shipping for repair and replacement. Some customers may purchase service plans and eligible products on Amazon. If you purchase this service plan and eligible product for this service plan, you acknowledge that Amazon may send the service plan seller relevant product and price information for the purpose of administering the plan.. ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid - Carrier Locked (Boost Mobile). This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. 16GB ROM/2GB RAM, 3990 mAh battery, USB C, 1.4 GHz Octa Core Processor. These items are shipped from and sold by different sellers. This item: ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid - Carrier Locked (Boost Mobile) $89.99. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. [2 Pack]Orzero For ZTE MAX XL / N9560 / ZTE Blade Max 3 [ Full Coverage ] Tempered Glass Screen… $7.85. Sold by Orzero and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. ZTE Max XL Case, ZTE Max XL Sturdy Cover, Tekcoo [Tmajor] Shock Absorbing [Jet Black] Rubber… $7.88. Sold by Tekcoomall and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. LG Stylo 3 - Prepaid - Carrier Locked - Boost Mobile. Motorola Moto E4 Plus - Boost Mobile - Carrier Locked Prepaid Phone. Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx - Boost Mobile Prepaid - Carrier Locked. ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid - Carrier Locked (Virgin Mobile). HTC One A9 - Retail Packaging (Boost Mobile) - Carrier Locked - Opal Silver. ZTE Warp 7 - Retail Packaging (Boost Mobile) - Carrier Locked -. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. [2 Pack]Orzero For ZTE MAX XL / N9560 / ZTE Blade Max 3 [ Full Coverage ] Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Orzero 2.5D Arc Edges 9 Hardness HD Anti-Scratch [Lifetime Replacement Warranty]-Black. ZTE Max XL Case, ZTE Max XL Cover For Girls, Tekcoo [Tmajor] Shock Absorbing [Baby Pink] Rubber Silicone & Plastic Scratch Resistant Defender Bumper Grip Rugged Hard Cases For ZTE Max XL / N9560. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for ZTE Max XL Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [Full Screen Coverage] Anti-Scratch, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty (Black). ZTE Max XL Case, ZTE Max XL Sturdy Cover, Tekcoo [Tmajor] Shock Absorbing [Jet Black] Rubber Silicone & Plastic Scratch Resistant Defender Bumper Grip Rugged Hard Cases For ZTE Max XL / N9560. ZTE MAX XL Case, ZTE N9560 Case, Zenic Heavy Duty Shockproof Hybrid Full-body Protection Case Cover with Swivel Belt Clip and Kickstand for ZTE Max XL / N9560 (Black). ZTE Max XL Case,ZTE N9560 Case with HD Screen Protector for Girls Women,LeYi Luxury Glitter Cute Design [PC Silicone Leather] Dual Layer Protective Phone Case Cover for ZTE Max XL / N9560 TP Rose Gold. Your cost could be $39.99 instead of $89.99 ! Get a $50 Amazon.com Gift Card instantly upon approval for the Amazon Rewards Visa Card. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. 3.3 x 6.5 x 0.37 in. 3.14 x 6.12 x 0.29 in. 3.05 x 6.1 x 0.38 in. 5.96 x 3 x 0.33 in. 5.73 x 0.28 x 2.78 in. 6.65 x 6.62 x 1.74 in. ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid - Carrier Locked (Boost Mobile). LG Stylo 3 - Prepaid - Carrier Locked - Boost Mobile. Motorola Moto E4 Plus - Boost Mobile - Carrier Locked Prepaid Phone. Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx - Boost Mobile Prepaid - Carrier Locked. HTC One A9 - Retail Packaging (Boost Mobile) - Carrier Locked - Opal Silver. ZTE Warp 7 - Retail Packaging (Boost Mobile) - Carrier Locked -. Get more done with the ZTE Max XL&rsquo;s 6&rdquo; FHD touchscreen display and 1.4GHz Octa-Core Processor running the latest version of Android&trade; 7.1.1 Nougat OS. Keep your personal data safe and secure with the fingerprint sensor. Capture unmissable moments with the 13MP camera. Talk, text and browse longer with a 3,990mAh battery. Device is locked for Boost Mobile service only in the United States. Activation with Boost Mobile required for device use. Rate plans start at $35 a month.. 6.5 x 3.3 x 0.4 inches. 1.98 pounds ( View shipping rates and policies ). #5,089 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #14 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Carrier Cell Phones. Manufacturer’s warranty can be requested from customer service. Click here to make a request to customer service.. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 36% 4 star 10% 3 star 12% 2 star 11% 1 star 31%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars ZTE is the best lower-price option. I purchased the ZTE Max XL to replace the ZTE Warp Elite that I've had for roughly two years. That one is still working just fine but starting to have a few minor glitches, etc. so I decided to replace it before it shot out completely. (I'm regularly surprised the phone is still doing great with all the use/wear and tear it gets!) Anyhow, I am SO impressed with ZTE brand in general. My new Max XL is awesome. The fingerprint reader is actually a really nice feature and works well. I didn't think I'd use it when I first ordered the phone but after using it, the fingerprint is the best way to unlock the screen. Phone operates just fine with no problems so far. I intend to keep this one for another few years before upgrading again. In my opinion, this is the only lower-priced phone worth purchasing from Boost. I can't justify spending $400+ on one of the top tiers but have had really bad luck with the other cheaper units. Thank goodness they offer the ZTE at an affordable price.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Not a good investment. I had problems at first with the .... I had problems at first with the volume... I also had difficulty hearing when I used the speaker. But I figured I could live with that. Later I couldn't hear the phone ring when I received a call, nor did I receive a notification when I received a text. Sometimes the phone vibrated when there was an incoming call. The last straw was when the phone continued to vibrate after getting a missed call. I tried to power off the phone to stop the vibration. But later when I was ready to power up the phone it would not come on.! As often as I tried. I asked a Boost representative about the phone and he said that he'd received several complaints and requests for exchanges and returns. He said he no longer sales the ZTE Max XL due to the complaints. I just missed the cut off date for a return and I had to buy another phone and I lost money on a phone that I only had for a little over a month.. I really liked the large screen thou.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Like many other despite the bad reviews I decided to .... Like many other despite the bad reviews I decided to try the phone for myself. Did not use the phone the first day and woke up the next morning to find my battery went down by 20%. That day I went thru the pre installed apps that the phone doesn't need and disabled or uninstalled them. I know social apps take alot so got rid of them. I even disabled my email! Went thru the setting and set my ring tone wallpaper and contacts up. Battery was still dying way to fast. Despite the battery drain the phone doesn't alert me of all my notifications or text messages. The wallpaper I set had changed itself to something else. I called zte customer service and was told by the representative the battery should NOT drain so fast. Over the 5 minutes on the phone with him(which I timed) the battery had already went down 2%. I put in a replacement phone with Amazon and going to see if this phone is defective or just a piece of junk like the reviews said. If it's junk then it's going back and I'll never own a ZTE phone again.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars No Storage. I purchased this phone due to the larger screen. And though it has a good camera it does no good if you don't have the storage. They falsely advertise it having 16 GB, that is a lie because the operating system uses over 7 GB leaving 8 GB. I thought adding a 8 GB SD card would help, and even though I have set it up to save to the SD card, all apps are saved to the internal memory which it recognize as the SD card. Since that is the case there is no was to move apps. I'm looking to hacks and after apps to correct this. But why should I have to. As far as I'm concerned do not by this phone useless you know how to get pass the lie.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Worst phone ever. Don't anybody ever buy this phone this is the worst phone ever it has glitches it freezes up it is not worth what you paid for it I would never recommend this phone. Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars THESE ARE ONLY 8GB PHONES, AFTER THE OS INSTALL.. Ordered 2 of these and even though the packaging says that they are 16GB, the phones only have 8GB of space after the BLOATED base install of ~8 gig. Still only upped from 1 to 2 stars.. Was this review helpful to you?. 2.0 out of 5 stars Do not buy this phone!. I decided to take a chance on this phone even after reading the poor reviews and it worked great!.... It slowed down, it says I have unread messages all the time, when I don't, and it has zero memory. I only have about 10 apps on my phone and I can't download anymore. Plus I have trouble opening the apps I have. I have to restart my phone everyday to get the apps to work. The Zte elite is awesome!! This one not so much. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars The phone dose not work right it keep freezing up .... The phone dose not work right it keep freezing up all the time I have call boost mobile and the company that make it phone and they tell me that I need to reset it a I have but it still doing the same thing so no I would not pay 1cent for it. Was this review helpful to you?. Biggest piece of crap I ever bought, the 30 dollar Walmart ZTE, that I had before this one was much better.. 1.0 out of 5 stars Biggest piece of crap I ever bought. Big screen and all around good phone. Everytime I charge it says battery overheated. No problem with that yet but I'm expecting it to meltdown any day. 3.0 out of 5 stars Nice phone... Like this cell phone a lot, really nice phone.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. The screen is a little glitch it just goes black and you have to hit the power button twice to see the screen again but other than that. 4.0 out of 5 stars It's a great phone. This is the 2nd I've bought off. Still pretty early but so far I love this phone.. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. It repeat text messages, lines flashing on steam. 2.0 out of 5 stars Two Stars. Nice phone, large screen, great battery, but the built in RAM and memory are not enough. I had the Stylo 3 before with the same memory and had much better preformance , this unit... 3.0 out of 5 stars Nice phone bad memory. Amazing phone, only issue is the face isn't very durable. Size of the screen by proxy puts it at risk obviously, but the drop wasn't that hard and it spider webbed.. 4.0 out of 5 stars Amazing phone, only issue is the face isn't very .... Great phone for the price, will order more. 5.0 out of 5 stars Perfect. Short and sweet: This phone boasts the highest pixels per inch of ANY phone in its class--they all have 720 compared to the this phone's 1080... 5.0 out of 5 stars Best in class hd quality screen/great battery. Amazon Giveaway allows you to run promotional giveaways in order to create buzz, reward your audience, and attract new followers and customers. This item: ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid - Carrier Locked (Boost Mobile). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. LG Tribute HD - Prepaid - Carrier Locked - Virgin Mobile. Samsung Galaxy express Prime Unlocked 4G LTE J320A 16GB Quad Core LCD 5" Android 6.0 Desbloqueado. Motorola Moto E4 Plus - Boost Mobile - Carrier Locked Prepaid Phone. Zte Blade Spark Unlocked 4G LTE Fingerprint Reader 5.5 inch 13mp Flash 16GB Quad Core Unlocked Z971 Desbloqueado. ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid - Carrier Locked (Virgin Mobile). Samsung Galaxy S4 SGH-i337 4G Cell Phone, 16GB, Red, AT&T. See and discover other items: Telephone Accessories , Best Rated in Carrier Cell Phones , Best Rated in Cell Phones , prepaid phone , prepaid boost mobile phones. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. Big phone for a small price. The ZTE Max XL proves that you can get a lot of phone for not a lot of money. That said, there are plenty of compromises made to be at this price point but none are deal breakers. Most disappointing is that ZTE hasn’t fixed some of the issues plaguing last year’s ZMax Pro.. Price and release date Only $130 You’ll only find this US exclusive at Boost Mobile Design and display 6-inch Full-HD display offers a lot of bang for your buck Rear fingerprint sensor is a nice addition, but the speaker is lousy Includes modern niceties like USB-C charging and 3.5 headphone jack. The ZTE Max Pro impressed us with just how much phone you can get with so very little money. This year, ZTE is back with the Max XL, which improves on the formula with a few notable upgrades and keeps the ridiculously low price of $130.. For 1/8th the price of a flagship smartphone like the Samsung Galaxy S8 , you still get a fingerprint sensor, sizable 3,990mAh battery, fast charging and Android Nougat pre-installed. Sure, you won’t get waterproofing, NFC or a good camera but for those looking for a phone to do just the basics, the ZTE Max XL is an excellent choice.. The biggest disappointment of the ZTE Max XL is that the phone doesn’t remedy the complaints we had about last year’s near-identical ZTE ZMax Pro, which was a MetroPCS and T-Mobile exclusive. The dim screen is still there and the Google Nexus 6 -like design feels extremely dated today and the rear-firing speaker is particularly bad.. But it all comes back to the bargain-bin price. If you can live with compromises in specs and design, the ZTE Max XL is an incredible phone for doing just the basics.. The ZTE Max XL will cost $130 and is a Boost Mobile exclusive. Much like the ZTE ZMax Pro, its latest phone is a US-exclusive and will not be coming to the rest of the world.. At the time of this writing, Boost Mobile is having a promotional offer on the ZTE Max XL for $102, but is currently sold out.. ZTE Axon 7, we were pleasantly surprised that ZTE opted for a stock Android experience. The notification shade and settings are stock Android with a few added features like the ability to swap the back and multitasking buttons, and custom network setting.. Even split-screen multitasking, one of Nougat’s marquee features, is available on this budget phone. Surprisingly, the phone didn’t bog down when using this feature to watch a video while chatting with friends in Google Hangouts. This is a nice surprise since the phone comes with a low-end processor and only 2GB of RAM.. On the front of the phone you’ll find the 5MP front facing camera, and capacitive touch buttons at the bottom. The home button doubles as notification light with a pleasing white glow. ZTE thoughtfully allows users to swap the back and multitasking buttons in the settings if you prefer Samsung’s reversed orientation.. On the back, you’ll find the Max XL’s 13MP rear camera, LED flash, fingerprint sensor and rear-firing speaker. The speaker sounds tinny, quiet and is in the worst position possible on the phone, as it’s easily covered up by your hand and any sound that manages to leak out is pumped away from you. It’s disappointing ZTE didn’t address this as last year’s ZMax Pro suffered from the same unforgivable speaker issue.. For a budget phone, it’s nice to see the inclusion of USB-C charging port that supports Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 3.0 technology. This means the large battery of the Max XL can be charged relatively quickly with the included fast charger, so you don’t. You also get a 3.5mm headphone jack at the top of the phone for using wired headphones without an adapter.. All of the phone’s buttons are located on the right with volume up and down rocker above the nicely textured power button. The button placement is comfortable for such a large phone with buttons nearing the belt line of the phone.. Since the ZTE Max XL is a huge phone, it comes with an equally huge 6-inch display. The panel is an IPS LCD type, which looks good but just can’t match the brightness and vibrance of phones with AMOLED panels. The 6-inch display comes sports Full HD (1920 x 1080) resolution which is high enough that you won’t notice individual pixels with the naked eye. This resolution makes typing and reading text a pleasure. While resolution could be higher for a display of this size, it was actually quite nice to have bigger elements on the screen which made typing easier.. Although the Max XL doesn’t have an AMOLED panel, ZTE built in an “adaptive display” feature in the operating system that briefly turns on the display to show. notifications in black and white as they appear. Whereas AMOLED displays can light up only the pixels that are needed, the LCD of the Max XL turns on the entire display to show you notifications, which will take up some extra battery life.. Overall, the display is perfectly fine for a phone of this price range but it is quite dim outdoors. With the brightness slider all the way up, the display still struggles to be visible outdoors.. Next Page What’s it like to use?. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 5 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
http:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ articles/ article.php? a=19067. Review: ZTE Max XL for Boost Mobile. ZTE's latest slab for Boost Mobile is the monstrous Max XL. It boasts a 6-inch screen, 3,990mAh battery, and the latest build of Android 7 Nougat from Google. The ZTE Max XL is a budget smartphone for big-screen lovers in the pre-paid space. The ZTE Max XL offers a huge screen, a huge battery, and Android 7 Nougat in an affordable package for Boost Mobile. If you like big phones, the Max XL is about as big as they get. If you're on a budget, the Max XL is priced right for just about anyone.. ZTE has been on a roll lately. Over the course of the last year the company has churned out perhaps a dozen big-screened, budget-friendly handsets for the likes of Boost, Cricket, and MetroPCS. It may be a little hard to differentiate between the Max +, the Grand X 4, the ZMax Pro, and others, but each delivers a lot of bang for the buck. The Max XL is latest from ZTE to join this family.. The Max XL is conservative thanks to the black and gray colors, and the shape borders on the generic thanks to its bowed top and bottom edges, and blandly curved rear. The glass front and plastic rear are held together by a polycarbonate frame. A couple flashes of chrome help break up the rear panel, but the front is pure black. ZTE didn't do much to help the phone stand out from the crowd.. The Max XL is about as big as a modern phone can be before we start calling it a tablet. With a 6-inch screen, the XL is simply gigantic. It stands tall at 6.5 inches and wide at 3.3 inches. The phone is fairly thick and heavy, too; I'd call it a bit unwieldy at times. Unless you're an NBA all-star, the Max XL is a two-handed phone for sure. My thumb can comfortably reach only about 40% of the screen when I hold the phone with one hand. The phone fit in my jeans, but just barely. If you have small or tight pockets you might be out of luck. Maybe ZTE should have called it the Max XXL instead.. There was a time when inexpensive handsets were made of cheap, garbage-y materials. Thankfully those days are largely behind us. The Max XL's glass platter has a great feel to it and imbues a sense of quality. The polycarbonate frame is no substitute for aluminum, but it's strong all the same. The rear panel, buttons, and other components are all assembled to the frame snugly. I have no complaints about the fit and finish of this phone. It's truly a fine phone considering the price.. Like many modern phones, the Max XL makes use of 2.5D curved glass. This means the edges of the front panel are rounded where they meet the outer frame of the phone. It's a good look for the XL, and ZTE pulled it off well. The majority of the phone's face is pure black. Only a few functional elements break things up. You'll easily spot the mesh grille covering the earpiece and the user-facing camera above the screen. ZTE placed its traditional dot-button configuration below the display. The capacitive home button is a small circle, while the back and app switcher keys are even smaller dots to either side. I wish the bezels surrounding the screen were a hair smaller.. The SIM card tray is slotted into the left edge of the Max XL. The tray also holds microSD memory cards. The screen lock and volume buttons are on the right edge. I like the profile and texture of the screen lock button, which is positioned about in the middle. It's a snap to find and use, and the travel & feedback is quite good. The volume buttons have about the same shape and profile as the screen lock button, but with a smooth texture. I had no trouble using them. A standard headphone jack is available on the phone's top edge, and a USB-C port is located on the bottom edge.. The most unique aspect of the Max XL's design is the rear panel, which has a very unique cross-hatched pattern and texture. I can't say the texture adds any functionality to the phone, like some extra grip, but it feels good all the same. The camera module and fingerprint reader are separated by the LED flash. The arrangement looks a bit like two small planets fighting over a shared moon. The camera protrudes a bit from the rear surface, while the fingerprint reader is indented a bit. That makes it easy to tell the two apart. The rear panel does not come off and the phone isn't rugged nor water resistant.. ZTE's Max XL may be a bit short on sex appeal, but it is a perfectly functional and well-made piece of hardware.. Why is the Max XL called the Max XL? The 6-inch full HD screen, of course. A good number of today's phones have screens that fall between 5.0 and 5.7 inches. Pushing that extra 0.3 inches gives the Max XL an enormous canvas for games, videos, photos, and other media. The full HD resolution delivers enough pixels so the LCD screen is sharp and clean. (You can sometimes see individual pixels if you hold the phone very close to your eyes.) Colors look good, and brightness is solid. The glass is lacking an oleophobic coating to resist fingerprints, so it often becomes gunked up and mired with grime. This is most vexsome when outdoors, as it creates a nasty glare. You'll find yourself wiping the phone's display on your pants often to rid it of the schmears. Even then, outdoor viewability isn't the best. But it's a fine screen for this class of phone.. Boost Mobile is one of Sprint's prepaid brands and so the ZTE Max XL operates on Sprint's CDMA/LTE network. Sprint's marketing materials for the phone specifically call out the Max XL's 2x20 Carrier Aggregation feature, which means it is compatible with speedier (but not the speediest) service from Sprint. Moreover, it supports HPUE in Sprint's 2.5GHz spectrum, which should translate to stronger, faster performance on Sprint's high-band airwaves (particularly at the cell edge). The phone delivered peak downloads of 31.5 Mbps and peak uploads of 14.5 Mbps. That's fast for a phone on a prepaid network (because they are often speed-capped).. I had no trouble using the Max XL all over New Jersey over the course of several days. The phone always remained on LTE 4G and delivered quick performance. Web sites and app content updated in a blink, and media-intensive social networks flowed seamlessly. Streaming Netflix over LTE worked just fine, as did listening to music through Google Play Music.. Phones connected on the first call, and the phone didn't drop any calls, even at highway speeds.. I'd rate the Max XL as a decent voice phone. The earpiece pumps out a decent amount of volume and allows you to hear calls in most places without issue. Voices often come through the earpiece garbled and distorted. The distortion is noticeably worse if you crank up the volume. People I spoke to through the Max XL said I sounded just okay.. You might get more mileage out of the speakerphone. It, too, distorts when you crank it all the way up, and yet the huge amount of sound that projects from the rear-mounted speaker ensures you'll hear it. The speakerphone is best used on a hard, flat surface such as a desk or table.. Ringers and alerts are extremely loud. I always heard the XL when it rang. ZTE made use of the Max XL's roomy chassis to install a 3,990 mAh battery. Few batteries are this big, and few provide as much battery life. The Max XL handily coasted through two days at a time on a single charge. Despite the large display, the Max XL really impressed me with power to spare.. The phone includes only the standard Android battery-saving tool. My guess is most people won't ever need to use it.. If you use the included charger the Max XL will power up rapidly thanks to support for Quick Charge 2.0. It can boost capacity by about 40% after a quick 30-minute charge, which is more than enough to get you through an evening out.. I managed to get only so-so performance out of the XL's secondary radios.. The Bluetooth radio supports connections to phones, accessories, PCs, and cars. Connecting to accessories such as headsets was no problem, but the phone gave me a lot of trouble connecting to my car for some reason.. Call quality via headsets was just okay, and quality through my car was a lot worse. Music sounded decent through a good speaker, but I wasn't blown away.. The GPS radio did not impress. Google Maps always located me quickly, but the app itself ran slowly and was practically useless for real-time navigation. Accuracy was never better than about 30 feet.. The Max XL doesn't have NFC. I didn't run into any issues with the WiFi.. Sprint to Sell ZTE Max XL. Sprint today added the ZTE Max XL to is lineup of big-screened Android handsets. The Max XL, which is already available from Sprint-owned Boost Mobile, features a 6-inch full HD display and 3,990mAh battery.. Review: ZTE Blade X MAX for Cricket Wireless. ZTE's latest Android handset for Cricket Wireless is the monstrous Blade X Max. This beast of a smartphone offers a whopping 6-inch screen, all-day battery life, and a compelling software experience.. ZTE Max XL Packs 6-Inch Full HD Screen for $130. ZTE today announced the Max XL, a big-screened Android smartphone headed to Boost Mobile. The Max XL's defining features are the 6-inch full HD display and massive 3,990mAh battery.. Review: ZTE Grand X Max 2 for Cricket Wireless. ZTE is looking to take the title of King Phablet with the Grand X Max 2 for Cricket Wireless. This enormous handset features a 6-inch screen, 3,400mAh battery, and Android 6.0 Marshmallow.. Review: ZTE Blade Z Max for MetroPCS. Looking for the biggest possible screen on the least expensive smartphone? The Blade Z Max may be what you seek, thanks to its IMAX-sized display, insane battery, dual cameras, and affordable price point.. 2 GB RAM 3,990 mAh battery. Headphone Jack (3.5mm), Fingerprint Reader, Memory Card Slot. Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. Available: Sprint , Virgin Mobile , Boost Mobile. The ZTE Max XL features a 6-inch 1080p-resolution screen and is powered by the Snapdragon 435 chipset with 2GB of RAM and 16GB of expandable storage. There's a 13MP main camera and 5MP front camera, along with a 3390mAh battery. The ZTE Max XL runs Android Nougat.. Dimensions: 6.5 x 3.3 x 0.37 inches (165.1 x 83.8 x 9.4 mm). Weight: 6.34 oz (180 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Features: Fingerprint (touch), Touch sensitive control keys. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Features: Time-lapse video, Video calling, Video sharing. Octa-core, 1400 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 26.60 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 25 Apr 2017. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct ZTE Max XL specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $92 Buy. ZTE's super-affordable Max XL now available at Sprint alongside other ZTE goodies. $130 ZTE Max XL launched on Boost Mobile, packing surprisingly generous specs in places. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for zte max xl. All Listings - Current page. results for zte max xl. Save zte max xl to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow zte max xl to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. ZTE Max XL 6" Android 16GB LTE Smartphone for Boost Mobile - New. ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid - Carrier Locked Boost Mobile. ZTE MAX XL Brand New - SPRINT. ZTE Max XL 6" Android 16GB LTE Smartphone - Virgin Mobile - New. For ZTE Max XL N9560 Design Hybrid Rubber Silicone KICKSTAND Case Cover Skin. ZTE Max XL 6" Android 16GB LTE - with 3 Months Service($50) - $149.99. ZTE MAX XL - 16GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone USED. 1 new & refurbished from $99.99. ZTE Max XL N9560 Boost Mobile Logic Board Motherboard CLEAN ESN-SAME DAY SHIP CA. ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid - Carrier Locked (Boost Mobile). 3 new & refurbished from $110.66. ZTE Max XL 6" Android 16GB LTE Smartphone - Virgin Mobile - New. ZTE Max XL N9560 Mid Frame Camera Lens OEM GRADE A+-SAME DAY SHIPPING FROM CA. ZTE MAX XL - 16GB - Black (Boost Mobile). 1 new & refurbished from $99.99. ZTE Max XL 4G LTE 16gb Boost Mobile GREAT CONDITION. ZTE Max XL N9560 Ear Speaker Ear Piece-SAME DAY SHIPPING FROM CA. ZTE Max XL N9560 16GB Black! For Boost Mobile Network! 9/10 condition!. ZTE Max XL N9560 Finger Print Scanner Sensor-SAME DAY SHIPPING FROM CA. ZTE MAX XL - 16GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone. 1 new & refurbished from $99.99. ZTE Max XL N9560 Vibration Motor Vibrator-SAME DAY SHIPPING FROM CA. ZTE Max XL N9560 Rear Main Camera-SAME DAY SHIPPING FROM CA. ZTE MAX XL BOOST MOBILE with 3 Months Service $50 Unlimited 4G. ZTE Max XL 6" Android 16GB LTE Smartphone - Virgin Mobile - New. ZTE Max XL N9560 Screw Set Screws Complete-SAME DAY SHIPPING FROM CA. For ZTE Max XL N9560 Design Rugged Hybrid Hard Rubber Silicone Case Cover Skin. ZTE Max XL 6" Android 16GB LTE Smartphone for Boost Mobile - New. ZTE Max XL N9560 Loud Speaker Main Speaker-SAME DAY SHIPPING FROM CA. ZTE Max XL N9560 Front Forward Facing Selfie Camera-SAME DAY SHIPPING FROM CA. Flash Light Flex ZTE Max XL N9560-SAME DAY SHIPPING FROM CA. OEM Power Volume Buttons Key ZTE Max XL N9560-SAME DAY SHIPPING FROM CA. ZTE MAX XL N9560 16GB Black Clean ESN Smartphone Needs Repair. ZTE MAX XL - 16GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone. 1 new & refurbished from $99.99. ZTE Max XL (N9560) - 16GB - Black (Boost) Cracked Screen ESN/IMEI? 11204. ZTE MAX XL N9560 - Bad LCD, Cracked Screen AS IS FOR PARTS BoostMobile. ZTE Max XL 6" Android 16GB LTE Smartphone for Boost Mobile - New. ZTE Max XL + TWO MONTHS of unlimited LTE Service. ZTE Max XL 6" 16GB LTE Smartphone for Boost Mobile. ZTE Max XL 6" Android 16GB LTE Smartphone for Boost Mobile. ZTE Max XL 6" Android 16GB LTE Smartphone for Boost Mobile. ZTE Max XL (N9560) - 16GB - Black (Boost) Cracked Screen ESN/IMEI? 11204. ZTE MAX XL N9560 GRAY BOOST SMARTPHONE (NOT WORKING) (READ BELOW). ZTE MAX XL N9560 GRAY SPRINT SMARTPHONE (NOT WORKING). New ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid - Carrier Locked (Boost Mobile). 3 new & refurbished from $110.66. ZTE MAX XL - 16GB - Black (Boost Mobile) Smartphone. 1 new & refurbished from $99.99. ZTE MAX XL - 16GB - Black (Boost Mobile) BAD ESN. 1 new & refurbished from $99.99. ZTE MAX XL N9560 - 16GB Boost Mobile Smartphone BAD ESN FOR P&R Great Condition. ZTE MAX XL 16GB ( BOOST/SPRINT ) GOOGLE LOCKED - NOT BROKEN - PARTS ONLY -. ZTE MAX XL-BOOST MOBILE - *BAD CHARGING PORT* (T175). ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid - Carrier Locked (Boost Mobile) NO TAX. 3 new & refurbished from $110.66. ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid - Carrier Locked (Boost Mobile). 3 new & refurbished from $110.66. New ZTE Max XL Smartphone for Boost Mobile. ZTE Max XL 6" Android 16GB LTE Smartphone for Boost Mobile - New. ZTE Max XL (N9560) - 16GB - Black (Boost) Cracked LCD Spots ESN/IMEI? 15081. ZTE Max XL (N9560) - 16GB - Black (Boost) Smartphone Bad Touch ESN/IMEI? 15220. ZTE Max XL (N9560) - 16GB - Black (Boost) Smartphone Bad Touch ESN/IMEI? 15328. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Compare Cell Phone Plans Prepaid Plans Reviews Carrier Reviews Cell Phone Reviews Guides & Advice Get out of contract How much data do I need? 15 Ways to Lower Your Bill All Articles & Guides Discuss Q&A Forum. Compare Credit Cards All Cards Rewards Cash Back Travel Balance Transfer Low Interest Zero Percent Business Student Secured. Mobile Cell Phones Tablets e-Readers Bluetooth Headsets USB Car Chargers USB Charging Stations FM Transmitters Battery Packs Bluetooth Trackers AUDIO / VIDEO Airplay Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Smart Speakers Bluetooth Headphones Headphones Media Streamers. CAMERAS Action Cameras 360 Degree Cameras WEARABLES Smartwatches Fitness Trackers. Community Join (Free Membership) Login About Us Informr Score Newsletter. The ZTE Max XL currently has an Informr score of 6.5 out of 10.. This score is based on our evaluation of 5. sources including reviews from users and the web's most trusted critics.. What the Max XL delivers for around $100 is really quite impressive, and it makes competing phones like the Blu R1 Plus look pretty poor in comparison. Sure, you can spend an extra $100 and upgrade to our current favorite budget phone, the Moto G5 Plus, getting a nice aluminum chassis, better perfor.... For $130, the ZTE Max XL gets you solid performance, a big, bright 1080p screen, the latest Android software, and better connectivity thanks to the presence of HPUE. Compared with the aging and overpriced competition, the Max XL offers better overall performance at a more affordable price.. Honestly, I view phones like the ZTE Max XL like I do Chromebooks, which is that they do the basics, and they do the basics well. In the end, if you’re looking for an extremely affordable smartphone that can do the basics (and not expect much in the way of anything more than that), has a large.... The ZTE Max XL isn't the world's most attractive nor most powerful smartphone, but it does do a few things really well.. The ZTE Max XL proves that you can get a lot of phone for not a lot of money.. ZTE released the Max XL on April 26, 2017.. The Max XL price will vary depending on retailer, age, special offers and whether or not it's purchased with a service plan. If purchased with a 2 year service contract for example, you would likely pay much less for the phone itself up front. You can compare ZTE Max XL prices from around the web here on The Informr.. Where can I download the Max XL manual?. We've got you covered! Download a free PDF copy of the ZTE Max XL user manual here .. How long is the warranty period?. ZTE backs up the Max XL with a 1 Year parts & labour warranty.. Where can should I go for support, replacement or repairs?. If your Max XL has problems and is still within its warranty period, you could contact ZTE support or the retailer you purchased the phone from. You'll find ZTE's contact information here. If your phone is off warranty and needs repair for a physical problem such as a broken screen or bad battery, you should visit an authorized service centre or a local phone repair shop. You can also connect with others in The Informr Community Forum to find and share answers to questions.. 1 How to fix ZTE Max XL when it freezes on the Virgin Mobile screen?. 1 Will my Boost Mobile ZTE Max XL charge while I am watching my TV with the USB port receiveing the show I am watching?. 1 How do I cast from my ZTE Max XL to my Samsung Smart TV?. 1 Why can nobody hear me during calls and text to speech does not work on my ZTE Max XL?. 1 Why does ZTE Max XL keep rebooting at the logo screen?. Maybe one of your friends will find this review helpful? Please help us spread the word.. The ZTE Max XL's screen size is 6 inches with x pixels resolution.. There is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 MSM8940 Octa core 1.4 GHz processor (CPU).. The phone runs on the Android 7.1.1 Nougat operating system (OS).. You can take photos or capture video with the phone's onboard 13+ megapixel camera.. There is also a secondary front facing camera with 5+ megapixels resolution.. An external, MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 128 GB) expansion slot is available for increased storage capacity.. The phone is powered by a Lithium-Ion (Li-Ion), 3990 mAh battery. ZTE 's performance ratings are 1 minutes.. Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 MSM8940 Octa core 1.4 GHz. Head: 0.66 W/kg Body: 1.19 W/kg. Data Cable, Manual, USB Power Adapter. Dimensions [H x W x D]. 16.5 x 8.4 x 0.9 cm (6.5 x 3.3 x 0.4 in). Ambient Light, Proximity, Motion / Accelerometer. MicroSD, MicroSDHC, microSDXC (up to 128 GB). Effects, Face detection, Multi-shot, Panorama, Self-timer, HDR. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. Full HD (1920 x 1080 pixels). MIDI, MP3, MP4, eAAC+, AAC+, AAC, WMA, WAV, M4A. 3GP / 3GPP, H.264 / AVC, MPEG-4. Other Names (AKA): ZTE N9560. Manual (PDF) ZTE Max XL Reviews Where to buy ZTE Max XL. GSM: 850/900/1800/1900 MHz. LTE Data: GPRS, EDGE, HSUPA, HSPA+, LTE. Help inform others by sharing your experience with ZTE Max XL. A $99 phone we really like. What the Max XL delivers for around $100 is really quite impressive, and it makes competing phones like the Blu R1 Plus look pretty poor in comparison. Sure, you can spend an extra $100 and upgrade to our current favorite budget phone, the Moto G5 Plus, getting a nice aluminum chassis, better per... What the Max XL delivers for around $100 is really quite impressive, and it makes competing phones like the Blu R1 Plus look pretty poor in comparison. Sure, you can spend an extra $100 and upgrade to our current favorite budget phone, the Moto G5 Plus, getting a nice aluminum chassis, better performance and a faster camera. But the Max XL is so good that you might not want to — especially if you value the ZTE's bigger screen and slightly longer battery life.. Delivers solid performance and a nice display for an affordable price. For $130, the ZTE Max XL gets you solid performance, a big, bright 1080p screen, the latest Android software, and better connectivity thanks to the presence of HPUE. Compared with the aging and overpriced competition, the Max XL offers better overall performance at a more affordable price.. For $130, the ZTE Max XL gets you solid performance, a big, bright 1080p screen, the latest Android software, and better connectivity thanks to the presence of HPUE. Compared with the aging and overpriced competition, the Max XL offers better overall performance at a more affordable price.. Most aspects of the phone can be described as average. Honestly, I view phones like the ZTE Max XL like I do Chromebooks, which is that they do the basics, and they do the basics well. In the end, if you’re looking for an extremely affordable smartphone that can do the basics (and not expect much in the way of anything more than that), has a la... Honestly, I view phones like the ZTE Max XL like I do Chromebooks, which is that they do the basics, and they do the basics well. In the end, if you’re looking for an extremely affordable smartphone that can do the basics (and not expect much in the way of anything more than that), has a large screen and excellent battery life, the ZTE Max XL is certainly worth considering.. Performs on par with phones that cost nearly twice as much. If all you want is a big screen with a big battery attached to it, the Max XL has you covered in spades. The full HD display gets the job done, though I wish it were protected from fingerprints. The battery pushes the Max XL through two full days of use, which should be enough for any/everyone. If all you want is a big screen with a big battery attached to it, the Max XL has you covered in spades. The full HD display gets the job done, though I wish it were protected from fingerprints. The battery pushes the Max XL through two full days of use, which should be enough for any/everyone. Data speeds are quick, but voice quality was middling at best.. Big phone for a small price. Although its low-end specs suggest it will be unremarkable, the ZTE Max XL is actually a pleasure to use. We were surprised that the Max XL was able to split-screen multitask and performed most tasks with just some split-second hesitation.. Although its low-end specs suggest it will be unremarkable, the ZTE Max XL is actually a pleasure to use. We were surprised that the Max XL was able to split-screen multitask and performed most tasks with just some split-second hesitation.. Darn, there are no reviews yet for. Be the first to write a review .. ZTE MAX XL: How's life on a $100 phone?. (Important) ZTE Max XL Issue...Listen Up ZTE. Bizilla featuring the ZTE MAX XL. LG Stylo 3 vs ZTE Max XL (Boost Mobile) Comparison. ZTE Max XL Review Boost Mobile HD. ZTE Max XL Boost Mobile Unboxing & First Look. Zte Max XL Unboxing Boost Mobile HD. ZTE MAX XL (boostmobile) VS ZTE Zmax Pro (metro PCS). How to Hard Reset Zte Max XL. ZTE MAX XL With With 6-inch Screen New Smartphone 2017. ZTE MAX XL Unboxing and Quick Review. special feature on ZTE MAX XL on boost mobile. About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Terms. We want you to know that The Informr is an independent resource. you with the most accurate information and keep things up to date, prices and terms of products. We encourage you to always do your own research and double check the. Using the information on this site is at your own risk and without warranty.. You should also know that in some cases, we may receive compensation when you click on links or. purchase through links on this site. This is at no extra cost to you. business and keep the service free for everyone. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. ZTE Max Xl - Phone Chargers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. ZTE Max Xl -Car Charger USB Adapter, Black. ZTE Max Xl -USB Type-C Car Charger, Black. Features the new industry standard, reversible USB Type-C connector. Advanced power smart detection that identifies the device’s maximum charging speeds. Smart IC chip technology prevents devices from overcharging, overheating and over current. LED indicator to ensure your device is properly connected for charging. ZTE Max Xl -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. ZTE Max Xl -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Rose Gold. ZTE Max Xl -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Rose Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. ZTE Max Xl -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. ZTE Max Xl -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Gold. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. ZTE Max Xl -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Black. ZTE Max Xl -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Space Gray. ZTE Max Xl -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. ZTE Max Xl -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Black. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. ZTE Max Xl -Original Samsung USB to Type-C Charge and Sync Cable, Black. Original Samsung Micro USB Charging Data Cable. Allows for data transfer between mobile device and PC or laptop. Can also be used as an external modem when phone is connected to computer (compatible devices w/compatible plans only). ZTE Max Xl -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Hot Pink. ZTE Max Xl -Original Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 2 AMP USB-Type-C Wall Charger and Cable Combo SA-EP-TA300CWEGUJ, White. Super fast recharge for your Samsung Galaxy. 2 Amp charging speed is faster than most wall chargers. Portable size makes it easy to take anywhere. ZTE Max Xl -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Hot Pink. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. ZTE Max Xl -Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Cable, Black. Type-C Reversible Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your device to a Mac or Windows PC. ZTE Max Xl -USB Home/Travel Power Adapter (, 1000 mAh), White. ZTE Max Xl -OEM HybridLight 3-in-1 Solar Powered Lantern Flashlight and Portable Charger with USB cable, Yellow. Works as a flashlight, lantern and power bank for your phone!. Great for use outdoors or indoors. Recharge from sunlight or from external power source via USB cable(iPhone please use existing cable). Stored power lasts up to 7 years. Fully charged lantern offers 8 hours of light. Fits comfortably in backpacks or bags. Charges smartphones, tablets, GoPro cameras, handheld gaming systems, MP3 players and more!. ZTE Max Xl -Checkered Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Pink. ZTE Max Xl -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Silver. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. ZTE Max Xl -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Silver. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. ZTE Max Xl -Charge & Sync Type-C Flat Cable Keychain, Hot Pink. ZTE Max Xl -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Gold. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. ZTE Max Xl -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Lime Green. ZTE Max Xl -Charge & Sync Type-C Flat Cable Keychain, Black. ZTE Max Xl -Original Samsung USB to Type-C Charge and Sync Cable, White. Original Samsung Micro USB Charging Data Cable. Allows for data transfer between mobile device and PC or laptop. Can also be used as an external modem when phone is connected to computer (compatible devices w/compatible plans only). ZTE Max Xl -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. ZTE Max Xl -Checkered Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. ZTE Max Xl -Universal Spare Battery Wall Charger, Black. Simple pin adjusters to match any battery. Adjustable bottom lip to fit all sizes. Foldable wall input for easy storage and travel. Sleek, unique design with charging indicator lights. Safe for all types of active phone batteries. ZTE Max Xl -Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter, Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charges both tablets & USB powered devices. ZTE Max Xl -Cellet 15 Watt 3 Amp USB Type-C Heavy Duty Retractable Car Charger, Black. 15 watts / 3 amps output. Reversible USB Type-C hassle free design. Advanced power smart detection identifies device’s max charging speed and smart IC chip technology provides protection against overcharging, overheating and over current. ZTE Max Xl -Checkered Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. ZTE Max Xl -Charge & Sync Type-C Flat Cable Keychain, Blue. ZTE Max Xl -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Silver. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. ZTE Max Xl -Solar Powered 6000 T-Pocket Portable Phone Battery (5000 mAh), Silver. For use with a wide range of digital products. Up to 10 hours of charge time with full power. Equipped with four LED lights indicating the amount of power remaining. ZTE Max Xl -Type-C Mini Phone Fan, Hot Pink. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. ZTE Max Xl - Phone Cases & Covers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. ZTE Max Xl -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Max Xl -LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Executive Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Carrying Case. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Max Xl -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Lime Green. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Max Xl -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Orange. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Max Xl -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Max Xl -Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Luxmo Black Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case. High-quality leatherette with reinforced stitching and sealed seams. Interior lined with soft neoprene fabric. Protects against minor bumps and shocks. Dimensions: 3.3 (H) x 6.22 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Max Xl -LUXMO EXECUTIVE SERIES LEATHER CARRYING CASE WITH BELT CLIP, BLACK. Dimensions: 3.46 (H) x 6.6 (W) x 0.31 (D) in.. ZTE Max Xl -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Red. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Max Xl -Mighty Dual Layer Rugged Case with Kickstand, Black/Purple. Durable case prevents dents, bumps and scratches. Built-in kickstand for a hands-free viewing experience. Eye-catching design gives your phone personality. Precision cutouts for camera, speaker and ports. ZTE Max Xl -Splash Guardz Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Blue Camo. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Max Xl -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Black. ZTE Max Xl -Felt Wool SmartPhone Sleeve,Gray. Keeps your phone safe from scratches, dents and cracks. Built-in pocket for cards, cash and other small items. Rounded corners for a comfortable fit in your pocket. ZTE Max Xl -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Camel Brown. ZTE Max Xl -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Dark Blue. ZTE Max Xl -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Gray. ZTE Max Xl -Magnetic Leather Wallet with Extra Card Flap and Wristlet, Rose Gold. Designed to act as a stand. Precision-fit Heavy-Duty hard shell interior phone holder. ZTE Max Xl -Splash Guardz Camo Waterproof Case with Lanyard, Brown. Universal fit for most mobile devices. Completely waterproof for up to 20 feet. Package includes: Soft velcro strap and lanyard. Dimensions: 6 (H) x 3.2 (W) x 0.6 (D) in.. ZTE Max Xl -Slim vegan leather folio sleeve wallet with card slots, Red. 
Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You. PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog!. Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones. Trending: iPhone 8. f g+ t yt. is a 4G LTE smartphone with a 6-inch IPS LCD display, 1080x1920 resolution and 367ppi index. From within, a 1.4 GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 processor operates with 2GB of RAM and the Adreno 505 GPU. 16GB with a microSD card slot for up to 256GB memory expansion. in the back along with a 1080p video recorder. A secondary camera is available in front with 5MP resolution. Upon release, the phone runs on the latest Android 7.1.1 Nougat OS.. There is a 3,990 mAh battery included on the device. See Available Plans or get it unlocked here. Apple iPad mini with Retina Display. Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver. DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola. Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana. Plans Unlocked Specs Media Reviews Deals. - Any - AT&T Atlantis Telecom Boost Mobile Cricket Credo Mobile SpeedTalk Mobile BOOM Mobile MetroPCS Net10 Pix Wireless Pure TalkUSA Red Pocket Mobile ROK Mobile Republic Wireless Sprint Straight Talk Ting T-Mobile TextNow Tello Teltik TPO Mobile Twigby US Mobile Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile. - Any - Monthly/No Contract Prepaid. Sort by: Price Carrier Minutes Data. Expert Review User reviews. Limited Time Offer on Save On Dirt Devil Reach Max Plus 3-in-1 Cordless 24V Lithium Stick Vacuum BD22510PC.. Limited Time Offer on Save On BLACK+DECKER BDH2020FLFH MAX Lithium Flex Vacuum with Stick Vacuum Floor Head and Pet Hair Brush, 20-volt - Cordless.. Limited Time Offer on Nutro MAX Adult Grain Free With Salmon Dry Dog Food, 25 lbs.. Limited Time Offer on 33% OFF Shiellld Google Pixel XL Screen Protectors.. Limited Time Offer on Trianium Clarium Pixel 2 XL Case.. Limited Time Offer on BLACK+DECKER BDH2000L 20-Volt Max Lithium Ion Battery Cordless Hand Vacuum.. Limited Time Offer on Etekcity 1022D Dual Laser Digital Infrared Thermometer Temperature Gun Non-contact -58?~1022? (-50? ~ 550?) with Adjustable Emissivity and Max Measure for Meat Refrigerator Pool Oven.. Limited Time Offer on Linksys AC1200 MAX Wi-Fi Gigabit Range Extender / Repeater with High-Gain Antennas (RE6500HG-FFP).. Free ZTE Unico LTE (Z930L) Refurb with Plan Purchases.. Get the Reconditioned ZTE Z667G Whirl 2 Free with Plan.. Moto C Plus HTC U11 Samsung Galaxy S8 Active Essential Phone. Looks like there are no reviews yet, be the first to write one now.. Sort by Oldest Latest Negative Positive. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan.. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below.. - Any - 0 5KB 50MB 30MB 100MB 125MB 150MB 200MB 250MB 300MB 334MB 350MB 375MB 400MB 500MB 600MB 625MB 700MB 800MB 834MB 900MB 938MB 1GB 1.2GB 1.5GB 1.6GB 2GB 2.03GB 2.5GB 3GB 3.7GB 4GB 5GB 6GB 6.1GB 7GB 7.3GB 8GB 8.5GB 9GB 10GB 11GB 12GB 13GB 14GB 15GB 16GB 18GB 20GB 22GB 23GB 24GB 25GB 30GB 32GB 35GB 40GB 50GB 60GB 80GB 85GB 100GB 120GB 150GB 200GB Unlimited. BLU Vivo X Review: BLU's Most Appealing Smartphone Yet!. 4 days 15 hours ago. Android 8.0 Oreo on the OnePlus 5T. 5 days 13 hours ago. 1 week 12 hours ago. The OnePlus 5T Competitor You Haven't Heard About. 1 week 3 days ago. People's Choice Expert's Choice. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote. PHONEDOG PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android. PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube.. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology.. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company.. Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us In-Depth Reviews. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. 1-24 of over 1,000 results for Cell Phones & Accessories :. ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid - Carrier Locked (Boost Mobile). ZTE Max XL 16GB - Prepaid - Carrier Locked (Virgin Mobile). [2-Pack] Supershieldz for ZTE Max XL Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [Full Screen Coverage] Anti-Scratch, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty (Black). ZTE Max XL Case, ZTE Max XL Cover For Girls, Tekcoo [Tmajor] Shock Absorbing [Baby Pink] Rubber Silicone & Plastic Scratch Resistant Defender Bumper Grip Rugged Hard Cases For ZTE Max XL / N9560. [3-PACK]- Mr Shield For ZTE MAX XL [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [Japan Glass With 9H Hardness] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. [3-PACK]- Mr Shield For ZTE MAX XL [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. [2 PACK] ZTE Max XL / ZTE Blade MAX 3 Screen Protector, LK [Full Cover] Tempered Glass with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. ZTE Max XL Case,ZTE N9560 Case with HD Screen Protector for Girls Women,LeYi Luxury Glitter Cute Design [PC Silicone Leather] Dual Layer Protective Phone Case Cover for ZTE Max XL / N9560 TP Rose Gold. ZTE MAX XL Case, ZTE ZMax PRO 2, ZTE Blade Max 3 Wallet Cover Pouch Flip Folio [Kickstand Feature] PU Leather Cover w/ ID Card Slot & Strap for MAX XL N9560 by Zase Design (Hot Pink Butterfly Flower). ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max Case, Zizo [Static Series] Shockproof [Military Grade Drop Tested] w/ Kickstand [Heavy Duty] Impact Resistant / Blade Max 3, Red/Black. In stock on March 1, 2018. ZTE Max XL Case, ZTE N9560 Case, LEEGU [Shock Absorption] Dual Layer Heavy Duty Protective Silicone Plastic Cover Case for ZTE Max XL / ZTE N9560 - Don't Touch My Phone. ZTE MAX XL Case, ZTE Blade Max 3 Case, ZTE Bolton Case (4G LTE), NageBee [Hybrid Protective] Armor Soft Silicone Cover with [Studded Rhinestone Bling] Design Hard Case (Wave). ZTE MAX XL Case, ZTE N9560 Case, Zenic Heavy Duty Shockproof Hybrid Full-body Protection Case Cover with Swivel Belt Clip and Kickstand for ZTE Max XL / N9560 (Black). ZTE MAX XL Case, Evocel [Explorer Series Pro] with [Glass Screen Protector] Premium Full Body [Metal Kickstand][Credit Card Slot][Holster] For ZTE MAX XL (N9560) / ZTE Blade Max 3 (N986), Blue. ZTE ZMAX PRO / MAX XL Case, COVRWARE [Ranger Pro] Built-in [Screen Protector] Full Body Rugged Holster Armor Case [Belt Swivel Clip][Kickstand] for ZTE Blade Max 3 / (Z986) / N9560, Black. In stock on March 1, 2018. ZTE Max XL Case, OEAGO [Shockproof] Hybrid Dual Layer Defender Protective Case Cover for ZTE Max XL / ZTE Z9560 (Black). ZTE Max XL Case, Zizo Proton 2.0 Cover [Military Grade Drop Tested] w/ 0.3m 9H [Tempered Glass Screen Protector] - Blade X Max / Max 3. Only 13 left in stock - order soon.. ZTE MAX XL Case (N9560), ZTE Bolton Case (4G LTE), ZTE Blade Max 3 Case with [Tempered Glass Screen Protector] NageBee [Carbon Fiber Brushed Metal Texture] Heavy Duty Dual Layer Hybrid Case - Black. ZTE Max XL Screen Protector (Edge-to-Edge) [Military-Grade] RinoGear Premium HD Invisible Clear Shield Anti-Bubble. Type C Charger Cable, Sixsim 3 Pack 6ft Nylon Braided USB C Charger Cable for Samsung S8 S8+, Note 8, Google Pixel/Pixel XL, Nexus 6P/5X, OnePlus 5/3/2, LG V20/V30/G6/G5, HTC 10, ZTE ZMax Pro, Honor 8. FREE Shipping on eligible orders and 2 more promotions. 6% off purchase of 2 items 8% off item with purchase of 1 items See Details. [2 pack 10ft] Asstar USB C Cable, Type C to USB A Sync & Charging Cable/Cord for ZTE Zmax Pro Z981/Oneplus Three / OnePlus 3T/HTC Bolt/Google Pixel/Pixel XL, Nexus 6p/5X,LG G5 -(Gray+Rose Golden). ZTE Max XL / ZTE Blade Max 3 Case With Phone Stand,Ymhxcy [Credit Card Slots Holder][Metal Brushed Texture] Dual Layer Shockproof Protective Cover Shell For ZTE N9560-LCK Rose Gold. ZTE MAX XL Case, ZTE N9560 Case Zenic Heavy Duty Shockproof Full-body Protective Hybrid Case Cover with Swivel Belt Clip and Kickstand for ZTE Max XL / N9560 (Red/Black). [6-Pack] Supershieldz for ZTE Max XL Screen Protector, Anti-Bubble High Definition Clear Shield + Lifetime Replacements Warranty- Retail Packaging. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. Sense-TE, The Luxury STENES Case Company. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for zte max xl case. All Listings - Current page. results for zte max xl case. Save zte max xl case to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow zte max xl case to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. For ZTE MAX XL N9560 SILVER LOVE Pink Glitter Stars Liquid Water Skin Case Cover. Leather Flip Cover Card Wallet Case Lanyard Stand Magnetic For ZTE. For ZTE MAX XL N9560 Rose Gold Pink Rhinestone Bling Card Wallet Skin Case Cover. Hybrid Shockproof Rugged Rubber Hard Armor Phone Case Cover for ZTE Max XL/N9560. For ZTE Max XL N9560 Design Rugged Hybrid Hard Rubber Silicone Case Cover Skin. For ZTE Max XL/N9560 Carbon Fiber Shockproof Hybrid Rubber Case Armor Back Cover. ZTE Max XL Max Blue Bling Hybrid Glitter Rubber Rugged Protector Hard Case Cover. ZTE Max XL N9560 / Blade Max 3 Z986 - Hybrid Kickstand Impact Armor Case Black. 9 new & refurbished from $7.59. FOR ZTE Max XL N9560 Phone Case Armor Brushed Hybrid Impact Protector Cover. ZTE MAX XL N9560 Bling Hybrid Liquid Glitter Rubber TPU Protective Case Cover. ZTE Max XL N9560 / Blade Max 3 Z986 -Hybrid Shockproof Armor Skin Case Rose Gold. 12 new & refurbished from $10.39. For ZTE Max XL N9520 Wave Symbiosis Gel Hard Hybrid Case Cover w/stand. For ZTE MAX XL N9560 Case Hybrid Dual Layer Shockproof Defender Protective Cover. BLACK BRUSHED ARMOR SHOCKPROOF HYBRID HARD COVER PHONE CASE FOR [ZTE MAX XL]. For ZTE Max XL N9560 Design Dual Layer Shock Proof Hybrid Bling Case Cover. For ZTE Blade Max 3 MAX XL Premium Wallet Credit Card Slot Flip Cover Case. For ZTE Max XL N9520 Hard TPU Hybrid Brushed Case Cover. Book-Style Leather Fabric Case w/stand/Photo Display For ZTE Max XL N9560 Black. 4 new & refurbished from $7.19. For ZTE Max XL Blade X Max Wallet Case Phone Cover With ID Card Pocket Slots. For ZTE Max XL N9520 Quicksand Hard TPU Glitter Case Cover. ZTE MAX XL N9560 Case, Wallet Case Folio Flip Case Skin Phone Cover Protector. For ZTE Max XL N9520 T-Stand Hard Silicone Rubberized Case Cover w/stand. For ZTE Max XL/N9560 Hybrid Shockproof Protective Hard Clip Kickstand Case Cover. For ZTE MAX XL | Blade Max 3 | ZMAX Pro 2 Case Dual Bumper Cover Retro Game. For ZTE MAX XL N9560 BLUE EIFFEL TOWER PARIS GLITTER STAR LIQUID WATER SKIN CASE. ZTE Max XL N9560 / Blade Max 3 Z986 - Hybrid Kickstand Armor Skin Case Black Red. For ZTE Max XL Dual Layer Design Hybrid Hard Plastic/TPU Rubber Case Cover. For ZTE MAX XL N9560 - Rose Gold Trim Glitter Stars Liquid Water Skin Case Cover. FUSION ARMOR SHOCKPROOF COVER W/ KICKSTAND PHONE CASE FOR ZTE MAX XL +BUNDLE. BRUSHED ARMOR SHOCKPROOF HYBRID HARD COVER PHONE CASE FOR ZTE MAX XL +BUNDLE. 3D Cartoon Soft Silicone Back Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy & Apple & LG & ZTE. REFINED ARMOR HYBRID COVER PHONE CASE & HOLSTER FOR ZTE MAX XL +BUNDLE. For ZTE MAX XL N9560 GOLD EIFFEL TOWER PARIS GLITTER STAR LIQUID WATER SKIN CASE. For ZTE Blade Max 3/Max XL N9560 Glossy Transparent Clear Candy Skin TPU Case. 7 new & refurbished from $4.99. For ZTE MAX XL, Blade 3, ZMAX PRO 2 Wallet Case Cover w Kickstand + Card Slots!. For ZTE MAX XL N9560 - Gold Trim Glitter Stars Liquid Water Sparkle Case Cover. Shockproof Hybrid Armor Rubber Skin Hard Phone Case Cover For ZTE Max XL/N9560. BLUE REFINED ARMOR COVER PHONE CASE & SWIVEL HOLSTER BELT CLIP FOR [ZTE MAX XL]. For ZTE MAX XL | Blade Max 3 | ZMAX Pro 2 Case Holster Clip Stand Cover Skulls. For ZTE MAX XL | Blade Max 3 | ZMAX Pro 2 Case Holster Clip Stand Cover Camos. For ZTE MAX XL N9560 - Blue Owl Flower Glitter Stars Liquid Waterfall Case Cover. Gold Butterfly Wallet Leather Flip Case Cover For ZTE Zmax Pro Z981 Max XL Z986. For ZTE MAX XL | Blade Max 3 | ZMAX Pro 2 Case Holster Stand Clip Cover. For ZTE MAX XL N9560 - Eiffel Tower Pairs Hearts Pink Glitter Liquid Water Case. For ZTE MAX XL | Blade Max 3 | ZMAX Pro 2 Case Holster Clip Stand Cover Animals. For ZTE MAX XL | Blade Max 3 | ZMAX Pro 2 Case Dual Bumper Cover Retro Game. For ZTE MAX XL | Blade Max 3 | ZMAX Pro 2 Case Heavy Duty Dual Layer Stand Cover. For ZTE MAX XL N9560 - SILVER EIFFEL TOWER PARIS GLITTER STAR LIQUID SKIN CASE. For ZTE Max XL | ZMax Pro 2 | Blade Max 3 Holster Clip Stand Case Unique Designs. For ZTE Max XL | ZMax Pro 2 | Blade Max 3 N9560 Clip Stand Case - Tough Art. For ZTE MAX XL N9560 Black Trim Silver Glitter Star Liquid Water Skin Case Cover. For ZTE MAX XL | Blade Max 3 | ZMAX Pro 2 Case Clip Stand Cover Retro Game. For ZTE MAX XL N9560 - Heart Pendant Rose Gold Glitter Hybrid Liquid Water Case. For ZTE MAX XL | Blade Max 3 | ZMAX Pro 2 Case Holster Clip Stand Cover Sports. For ZTE MAX XL | Blade Max 3 | ZMAX Pro 2 Holster Case Heavy Duty Clip Stand. For ZTE MAX XL N9560 - SILVER Trim Glitter Stars Liquid Water Sparkle Case Cover. For ZTE MAX XL | Blade Max 3 | ZMAX Pro 2 Holster Case Clip Stand Retro Game. For ZTE MAX XL | Blade Max 3 | ZMAX Pro 2 Holster Case Belt Clip Stand Animals. For Alcatel Huawei ZTE Phone Cover Holster Hybrid Case TIGER HALF FACE LuxGuard. REFINED ARMOR COVER PHONE CASE & HOLSTER FOR [ZTE MAX XL] +BLACK TEMPERED GLASS. Buy Wallet Get One Hybrid !! 2 in 1 !! US Seller. For iphone 8G / LG Stylus 3 / ZTE Z981 & Z988 / S8 Plus. US Seller! Fast Shipping! Free Fur + Emoji Keychain!!!!. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Zte Manuals Cell Phone MAX XL User manual Zte MAX XL User Manual. Related Manuals for Zte MAX XL. Cell Phone Zte GRAND X4 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte GRAND X User Manual. Cell Phone Zte Grand X User Manual. Cell Phone Zte Grand X User Manual. Cell Phone Zte GRAND X 3 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte Grand X In User Manual. Cell Phone Zte GRAND X Plus User Manual. Cell Phone Zte Grand X Max+ User Manual. Cell Phone Zte X100 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte X632 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte X991 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte ZTE-J G730 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte ZTE-G R352 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte ZTE-U V852 User Manual. Gsm dual-band gprs digital (46 pages). Zte-j gota digital mobile phone (64 pages). Gsm digital mobile phone (40 pages). Summary of Contents for Zte MAX XL. Page 5: Set Up Your Phone, Parts And Functions. Page 16: Turn Your Phone On And Off. Page 18: Touch And Hold, Swipe Or Slide. Page 20: Activation And Service, Complete The Setup Screens. Page 31: Do Not Disturb Mode. Page 38: Tips For Editing Text. Page 39: Google Account, Create A Google Account. Page 40: Sign In To Your Google Account. Page 41: Google Play Store, Installing Applications. Page 42: Find And Install An App. Page 43: Request A Refund For A Paid App. Page 45: Get Help With Google Play. Page 46: Update Your Phone, Update Your Phone Firmware. Page 49: Update Your Android Operating System. Page 50: Update Your Profile, Update Your Prl. Page 52: Home Screen Basics, Home Screen Layout. Page 54: Status Bar And Notification Panel, Status Bar. Page 58: Customize The Home Screen, Change The Wallpaper. Page 60: Add Widgets To The Home Screen. Page 63: Call Using The Phone Dialer. Page 66: Answer An Incoming Call. Page 71: Call From Call Log, Voicemail Setup. Page 72: Set Up Visual Voicemail. Page 75: Visual Voicemail Options, Configure Visual Voicemail Settings. Page 83: Speed Dial Settings, Voicemail Settings. Page 84: Dtmf Tones, Voice Privacy, Plus Code Dialing Setting. Page 85: Call Blocking, Tty Mode. Page 97: Text And Multimedia Messaging, Send A Text Message. Page 99: Save And Resume A Draft Message, New Messages Notification. Page 100: Manage Message Conversations, Read A Text Message, Reply To A Message. Page 101: Delete A Single Message, Text And Mms Options. Page 111: Set Up An Email Account. Page 112: Add An Email Account. Page 114: Add An Exchange Activesync Account. Page 115: Create And Send An Email Message. Page 118: Delete An Email Account, Manage Your Email Inbox. Page 119: Exchange Activesync Email Features. Page 130: Transfer Files Between Your Phone And A Computer. Page 141: Send Information Using Bluetooth. Page 146: Camera And Video, Camera Overview. Page 149: View Pictures And Videos Using Gallery. Page 152: Share Pictures And Videos, Send Pictures Or Videos By Email. Page 153: Send A Picture Or Video By Multimedia Message. Page 154: Send Pictures Or Videos Using Bluetooth. Page 156: Share Videos On Youtube. Page 159: Add An Event To The Calendar. Page 163: Synchronize An Exchange Activesync Calendar. Page 172: Google Play Music App. Page 187: Connections Settings, Basic Settings. Page 200: Bluetooth Tethering, Prepare Your Phone For Vpn Connection. Page 201: Set Up Secure Credential Storage, Add A Vpn Connection. Page 202: Connect To Or Disconnect From A Vpn. Page 204: Device Settings, Display Settings. Page 214: Call Settings, Connect To Pc Settings. Page 216: Personal Settings, Location Settings. Page 219: Screen Lock Settings, Screen Lock. Page 222: Use A Screen Unlock Pin, Use A Screen Unlock Password, Disable The Screen Lock. Page 224: Accounts Settings, Set Up A New Account. Page 236: System Updates, About Phone. Page 241: Specifications, Phone Specifications, Battery Specifications. Page 243: From Your Phone, Copyright Information. User Guide [UG template version 16a] [virgin_zte_N9560_ug_en_030317_d1].... Table of Contents Getting Started .............................. 60 Apps and Entertainment ..........................143 Settings ..............................184 Getting Help .............................. Getting Started The following set of topics will introduce you to your phone, help you get set up with service, provide an overview of the phone screen, and get you started with basic phone operations.. The following topics describe the basics of using this guide and your new phone. About the User Guide Thank you for purchasing your new ZTE MAX XL. The following topics explain how best to use this guide to get the most out of your phone.. Set Up Your Phone The following topics give you all the information you need to set up your phone and wireless service the first time. Parts and Functions These topics illustrate your phone’s primary parts and key functions. Note: Your phone's screens and apps layouts are subject to change. This user guide uses sample images only.. Displays all the information needed to operate your phone, such as the Touchscreen call status, the Contacts list, and the date and time. Also provides one- tap access to all of your features and applications. Lets you return to the previous screen, or close a dialog box, options Back key menu, the notification panel, or onscreen keyboard.. Charge the Battery Follow these instructions to charge your phone’s battery using either the included AC adapter or via a USB connection on your computer. Charge Using the AC Adapter 1. Plug the USB connector into the charger/accessory jack on the bottom of your phone. Insert the large end of the USB cord into an external USB port on your computer. After charging, remove the USB cable from both the phone and the computer. nano-SIM Card The nano-SIM card is an IC card containing phone number and other customer information. Handling a nano-SIM Card Keep the following in mind when handling a nano-SIM card.. Insert nano-SIM Card Follow these instructions to insert a nano-SIM card. Remember to power off your phone before inserting a nano-SIM card. Note: Your phone’s nano-SIM card is preinstalled. These instructions are for reference only. Push the point of the tray eject tool into the hole on the nano-SIM/SD card slot. Reading/Writing Data: Never power off or remove the battery while reading or writing data. Battery Level: A low battery charge may prevent reading/writing to an SD card. Handling SD Card: Use/store SD cards away from the reach of infants. Format an SD Card When you insert an optional SD card for the first time, it is recommended that you format it on your phone. From home, tap Apps > Settings 2.. Tap Format, and then tap Erase & format to confirm.  All data on the SD card is erased, and the card is formatted for use on your phone. Use an SD Card as Internal Storage You can use an optional SD card as an extension of the internal storage and save data and media files on it.. Tap the SD card name below Portable storage. Tap Format as internal, and then tap Erase & format to confirm. The phone will prompt you to move your photos, files and other data from the phone storage to the SD card.. Note: If you move files and data to the SD card, it will be used to save new apps data and personal data (such as photos and videos) and only the SD card is accessible from a computer. If you choose not to move, new apps data and personal data is saved to the phone storage and the SD card is not accessible from a computer..  Existing app data and personal files are moved to the destination storage. The destination is used to save new apps data and personal data (such as photos and videos) and only the destination is accessible from a computer. Unmount the SD Card as Internal Storage While the SD card is used as internal storage, you can still unmount the card while the phone is on.. Tap the SD card name below Device storage.  The SD card is formatted and mounted to the phone as portable storage. Turn Your Phone On and Off The instructions below explain how to turn your phone on and off.. Turn Your Phone On ■ Press and hold the Power/Lock key.  Your phone will power on. Depending on the settings, you may see the lock screen.  Lock and Unlock Your Screen Screen Lock for information about using the screen lock.. Touch and Hold To open the available options for an item (for example, a contact or link in a Web page), touch and hold the item. Swipe or Slide To swipe or slide means to quickly drag your finger vertically or horizontally across the screen. Drag To drag, press and hold your finger with some pressure before you start to move your finger.. Rotate For most screens, you can automatically change the screen orientation from portrait to landscape by turning the phone sideways. When entering text, you can turn the phone sideways to bring up a bigger keyboard. See Touchscreen Keyboards for more details. Note: The Auto-rotate feature needs to be enabled for the screen orientation to automatically change.. Activation and Service Before using your phone, you must set up your service with Virgin Mobile. You will need your phone’s serial numbers (MEID and ICC ID). These numbers can be found on the phone's packaging. For more information about your Virgin Mobile account, see Virgin Mobile Account Information and Help..  If you have no accessibility problem with the phone, tap Next. On the language screen, select a language and tap Next to get started. Follow the onscreen instructions to complete each section. For each topic, you will have the option to skip it and continue to the next screen..  Google services – Select your Google location and service options and then tap Next.  Name – If applicable, enter your first and last name and tap Next. This information is used by the phone to personalize certain apps. Basic Operations The following topics outline basic features and operations of your phone. Basics The following topics offer an overview of your phone’s basic operations. Home Screen and Applications (Apps) List Most of your phone’s operations originate from the home screen or the apps list. Select Options and Navigate Screens Tap icons, onscreen keys, and other items to open or activate the assigned function. ■ Tap Back to return to the previous screen. Recent Applications You can display a list of recently used applications using the Recent Apps key. Note: Flick the list and tap an app to switch to it. Note: Tap Recent Apps twice to switch to the most-recent app. Phone Settings Menu You can customize your phone’s settings and options through the Settings menu. ■ From home, tap Apps >.... Note: Not all screens will adjust for landscape orientation. Turn Screen Rotation On or Off 1. Pull down the status bar to display the quick settings menu. Tap Portrait or Auto-rotate to turn the option on or off.  You may need to scroll left or right to see the Screen rotation option.. Launch Applications All installed apps can be accessed and launched from the apps list. From home, tap Apps  The apps list opens. Tap an app icon to launch the corresponding application. Apps List The apps list expands to include any apps you download and install on your phone.. Perform basic and advanced mathematical calculations. Calculator Organize your time and remind you of important events. Calendar Identify unknown callers and message senders to protect yourself against Caller ID potential robocallers, spammers, scammers or spoofers. Take and share pictures and videos. Camera Browse the Internet and sync your bookmarks, browsing history, and more Chrome.... Use Google search or get information when you need it with Google Google Assistant. Socialize with friends on the Google+ online community. Google+ Capture and share the world's moments through photos and videos. Instagram Find your place on the map and find your way in the world. Maps Chat with friends through text, photos, videos, and calls.. Record voice memos and listen to them whenever you like. Sound Recorder Play and manage video files on your phone. Video Player Use Google search by voice. Voice Search Use Visual Voicemail to check and manage your voicemail messages. Voicemail Watch video clips from YouTube.com, or upload your own and share with the YouTube world.. Note: Alarms sound is still active during silent or vibration mode. To set silent or vibration mode: 1. Press the Volume keys to display the volume control window. Press and hold the Volume Down key.  Your phone is now in vibration mode.  If you have selected Scheduled, set the days and start/end time during which Do not disturb mode should apply.  Tap Disturb rules to determine whether you allow exceptions. • Priority only: Disturbance set as priority interruptions are allowed. ● Google keyboard lets you use a traditional QWERTY setup to enter text. Additional options expand your ability to enter text faster and more accurately. ® ● TouchPal keyboard lets you use Curve to speed up text input by replacing key-tapping gesture with tracing gesture where you move your finger from letter to letter without lifting the finger until you reach the end of each word.. This key also changes to indicate the current case you are using: for lowercase, for uppercase, and when locked in uppercase. ● to delete the text before the cursor. ● to select numbers and symbols. You can then tap to find more.. Assign TouchPal for Text Entry 1. Tap a text entry field, so that a keyboard displays on the screen. Slide the status bar down and tap Change keyboard. Note: If you cannot find the input keyboard that has been installed, it may have been disabled. To enable it, from home, tap Apps >.... Tap an alphabetic key repeatedly until the desired letter appears. You can also touch and hold the key and slide left or right to choose the letter or number you need. If word prediction is enabled ( ), just tap the keys once and choose the right word. The T+ Layout Tap to enter the left letter on the key.. Tip: Tap when you want to. If you want to enter a single letter, go ahead and tap the key. Tip: Lift your finger at the end of the word. A space is added automatically when you begin to trace the next word.. To use Google voice typing: 1. Slide the status bar down when entering text and tap Change keyboard > Google voice typing. – or – to access the voice typing feature when you are using the Google keyboard. ● Many input methods have predictive text features of their own. You may need to configure them separately. For example, when using the TouchPal keyboard, touch and hold to manage prediction. Google Account You will need a Google Account to access several phone features such as Gmail, Google Maps, and the Google Play applications.. Tap Google and then tap Or create a new account. Follow the prompts to set up your account. Tap Next to proceed between steps, which may include:  Enter your First name and Last name. From home, tap Apps > Settings > Accounts > Add account. Tap Google, and then tap Email or phone. Enter your Gmail address or phone number, and then tap Next. Enter your password, and then tap Next. Important: Our policies often do not apply to third-party applications. Third-party applications may access your personal information or require us to disclose your customer information to the third-party application provider. To find out how a third-party application will collect, access, use, or disclose your personal information, check the application provider’s policies, which can usually be found on their website.. tap Accept (for free apps) or Accept and then Buy (for paid apps) to begin downloading and installing the app.  If you have not already set up a payment method, tap Continue and then follow the prompts to arrange payment and complete the purchase. Tap Menu > My apps & games. Tap the app you want to update, and then tap Update.  The app update is downloaded and installed. Note: You can also tap UPDATE ALL in My apps to install available updates for all your apps. Tap Menu > My apps & games. On the Installed screen, tap the app you want to uninstall, and then tap Uninstall > OK.  The app is uninstalled and removed from your phone. Get Help with Google Play The Google Play store app offers an online help option if you have questions or want to know more about the app.. Turn the Screen On and Unlock It 1. To turn the screen on, press the Power/Lock key. Touch and hold an empty area of the screen to unlock it.  If the Auto-sync data option is on, turn on the items you want to keep in sync.  If the Auto-sync data option is off, tap the items you want to synchronize to back up related data. To back up your Exchange mail information: 1.. If you are using the SD card as internal storage, please copy all your personal files to your computer. See Transfer Files between Your Phone and a Computer. Update Your Phone’s Firmware Once you have backed up all your data, use the Update Firmware option to update your phone’s software.. This option allows you to update the Android Operating System (OS) on your phone via an over-the-air connection. From home, tap Apps > Settings > System updates. Update Your Profile This option allows you to automatically update your online user profile information. If you choose to change your user name and select a new one online, you must then update the user name on your phone. From home, tap Apps > Settings > System updates > Update PRL.  The phone will download and install the PRL update and you will see a confirmation when complete. Your Phone's Home Screen The following topics describe how to use and customize your phone’s home screen, understand the status bar, and use the notification panel. Home Screen Basics The home screen is the starting point for your phone’s applications, functions, and menus. You can customize your home screen by adding application icons, shortcuts, folders, widgets, and more.. You can group shortcuts on the home screen into folders for convenient Folder access. Primary shortcuts are application shortcuts that appear in the same location on all of your phone’s home screens. These are customizable except for the Primary shortcuts Applications (Apps) shortcut, which remains static.. ■ From any screen, touch and hold an empty area and tap Home.  To delete a home screen, tap on the corner of its thumbnail and tap OK.  To set a home screen as the main home screen, tap at the bottom of its thumbnail.. ® Wi-Fi active Vibrate Silent Microphone off Speakerphone active Do not disturb mode (alarms only or priority) Do not disturb mode (total silence) Network (full signal) Enhanced 4G LTE data service 3G data service Airplane mode Alarm set Battery (charging) Battery (full charge) Battery (low) Wired headset connected.... New message(s) from the Gmail app New text or MMS message Event USB connection Call in progress Open Wi-Fi network detected Music playing Updates available from Google Play Store Downloading or receiving data Uploading or sending data Note: Additional notification icons may appear. All notifications may be accessed through the notification panel.. Open the Notification Panel ■ Pull down the status bar. (Flick your finger down on the home screen.)  The notification panel opens. To check notifications, tap an item in the list. Close the Notification Panel ■ Slide the notification panel up. (Slide your finger up from the bottom of the notifications.) –.... Tip: To access the full quick settings menu, flick down on the notification panel. You may need to swipe left or right to see all available options. Customize the Home Screen Learn how to set the wallpaper and add, move, or remove shortcuts, widgets, and folders from the home screen..  Home screen: Set the background wallpaper for your home screen. Tap an option to select the wallpaper. Note: If you select Gallery, you will need to select an album and a picture. Once selected, use two fingers to scale or one finger to move to select the area you want to use and then tap Done Change the Theme Each theme contains a unique set of icons.. Note: If there are less than eight extended home screens, you can add a new extended home screen while you add a shortcut. Just drag the app icon to the right edge of the screen and drop it after you reach the right-most screen.. From home, touch and hold a shortcut you want to place in a folder, and then drag it to Folder  A new folder is created. To add more app shortcuts to the folder, touch and hold a shortcut and drag it on top of the new folder.. Making Connections The following set of topics will cover your phone’s ability to help you make connections, from phone calls and maintaining contacts, to text messages, email, Internet, and international services.. Phone Calls and Voicemail The following topics outline the use of your device’s phone app to place and receive calls, use voicemail, and more. Place and Answer Calls The following topics describe how to directly dial calls, how to answer incoming calls, and how to use the in-call screen options.. Tap the number keys on the keypad to enter the phone number.  As you enter digits, Smart Dial searches for contacts that match. If you see the number you want to dial, tap it to place the call immediately without entering the rest of the number. Troubleshooting Problem: Call does not connect. Solution 1: Was the number dialed using the area code? If not, try dialing using the full 10-digit number including the area code. Solution 2: Are you in an area with poor wireless coverage? Try calling again from another area. Call Emergency Numbers You can place calls to 9-1-1 even if the phone’s screen is locked or your account is restricted.. When you receive a phone call from a contact, the Incoming call screen appears and displays the caller ID icon, name, and phone number of the calling party. When you receive a phone call from someone who is not stored in Contacts, only the default caller ID icon and phone number appear on the Incoming call screen.. To end the call, tap  The call ends. Mute the Ringing Sound To mute the ringer without rejecting the call, you can do one of the following: ● Press the Volume keys. Reject an Incoming Call ■ When a call arrives, slide up to to reject it.  The ringtone or vibration will stop and the call will be sent directly to voicemail. Reject a Call and Send a Text Message You can reject an incoming call and automatically send a text message to the caller. Tap one of the messages to send it to the caller or write your own.  The selected message or the message you write will be delivered to the caller.  You can edit the reject messages through the Phone app settings menu. From the phone app, tap Menu >....  Deactivate Speaker to use the phone’s earpiece. Warning: Because of higher volume levels, do not place the phone near your ear during speakerphone use. Note: When a Bluetooth headset is connected to your phone, you can route the audio through the Bluetooth headset ( ), the phone earpiece ( ), or the phone speaker (.... Call from Call Log The call log list lets you quickly place calls to recent incoming, outgoing, or missed numbers. From home, tap Phone to display the phone app. Tap Recents to display the recent call history. Tip: To view the complete call history, tap View full call history. Touch and hold to dial your voicemail number.  Your phone dials the voicemail access number. Follow the system prompts to:  Create your passcode. Important: Voicemail Passcode – It is strongly recommended that you create a passcode when setting up your voicemail to protect against unauthorized access.. From home, tap Apps > Voicemail  You’ll see a Welcome to Visual Voicemail screen. Scroll through the introduction screens to view a brief explanation of visual voicemail services. At the end of the welcome screens, you'll come to a Personalize your voicemail prompt. From home, tap Apps > Voicemail  You will see the voicemail inbox. Tap a message to review it. Tip: There are several icons at the top of the review screen for calling, reply, and other options. For an explanation of all your options, tap Menu >.... Visual Voicemail Options Your visual voicemail options appear as icons at the top of the voicemail review screen. From home, tap Apps > Voicemail 2. Tap a message to review it. The following options are available while reviewing a voicemail message: ....  You will see the voicemail settings menu. Select an option to change its settings.  Avatar  Display  Help/Info  Preferences  Sound  Updates  About Voicemail Change Your Main Greeting via the Voicemail Menu Your main greeting can be changed directly via the Visual Voicemail system. This direct access saves you from having to navigate within the voicemail menu.. From home, tap Apps > Settings 2. Tap Wi-Fi Calling and follow the online prompts to set up Wi-Fi Calling.  Wi-Fi Calling is set up. You will see in the status bar when Wi-Fi Calling is active. Tip: For more information about Wi-Fi Calling, visit this FAQ link at sprint.com/support..  Your caller information will not appear on the recipient’s phone. To permanently block your number, call Virgin Customer Service. Call Waiting When you’re on a call, Call Waiting alerts you to incoming calls by sounding two beeps. Your phone’s screen informs you that another call is coming in and displays the caller’s phone number (if it is available).. Note: For those calls where you don’t want to be interrupted, you can temporarily disable Call Waiting by pressing before placing your call. Call Waiting is automatically reactivated once you end the call. Conference Calling With conference calling, also known as 3-way calling, you can talk to two people at the same time. Dial the second number using the keypad and tap 3. When you’re connected to the second party, tap Merge. Your conference call is now in session. To end the three-way call, tap Note: If one of the people you called hangs up during your call, you and the remaining caller stay connected.. Setting Description Set up the way contacts are displayed and sorted in the contacts list in Display options the Phone app. Set up the default ringtone for incoming calls and enable/disable Sounds and vibration keypad tones. Enable/disable ending a call by pressing the Power/Lock key or Answer and end calls vibrating when a call is answered..  Tap a menu item to display its options.  Select your options and follow the prompts to set them.  Your call settings options are set. Display Options You can change the way contacts are displayed and sorted in the contacts list of the Phone app.. Check Dialpad tones to make the phone play tones when you tap the keypad. Answer and End Calls Settings When enabled, these options allow you to end a call by pressing the Power/Lock key or allow the phone to vibrate when a call is answered. Tap Menu > Settings > Call settings > Voicemail. Wi-Fi Calling Settings The Wi-Fi calling settings allow you turn the feature on and off, and set calling preference. Tap Menu > Settings > Call settings > Additional settings > Plus code dialing setting. Input a new code and tap OK. Dial Assist This option allows the phone to automatically add the prefix or country code for calls to the U.S. when you are on a roaming network.. Tap Menu > Settings > Accessibility > TTY mode. Tap TTY Full, TTY HCO, or TTY VCO to turn TTY mode on. – or – Tap TTY Off to turn TTY mode off.  Your phone’s TTY mode is set. Note: When enabled, TTY mode may impair the audio quality of non-TTY devices connected to the headset jack.. Contacts The Contacts application lets you store and manage contacts from a variety of sources, including contacts you enter and save directly in your phone as well as contacts synchronized with your Google Account, your PC, compatible email programs (including Exchange Server), and your Facebook friends. Contacts Cautions Information saved in Contacts may be lost or changed if the battery is removed for a long period or left uncharged..  The Add new contact screen appears. If you have multiple account types associated with your phone, tap Saving to and select a contact type.  Select Google if you want to save contacts to your Google Account; these will be synced automatically with your Google Account online.. Save a Phone Number You can save a phone number to Contacts directly from the phone keypad. From home, tap Phone > Keypad 2. To add the number to an existing contact, tap Add to a contact. To add a new contact, tap Create new contact.. Tap a contact to view its details.  The contact’s detailed listing appears. Contacts Screen Layout The following illustration show’s your Contacts app layout and describes the various features. Item Description Groups tab Show contact groups. Emergency Manage Emergency contacts (the default being 911), which you can call even when Contacts the phone is locked. Contact Scroll Scroll the contacts list by letter. Call Place a call to the contact..  The contact’s detailed listing appears. Tap any field you want to change or add. Add or edit the information, and then tap  Your changes are saved to the contact entry. Note: To select a type (label) for a phone number, email address, or postal address (such as Mobile, Home, Work, etc.), tap the type below the field.. Share a Contact You can quickly share contacts using Bluetooth, email, Gmail, messaging, and more. From home, tap Apps > Contacts  You will see the Contacts list. Tap a contact to display it, and then tap Menu >....  The selected contact will be shared. Import Contacts Your phone offers a couple of options for importing contacts from the phone's internal storage or installed SD memory cards. This feature can be useful when you need to transfer contacts between different devices.. Select a destination for the imported contacts. Follow the onscreen instructions to complete the import.  The contacts are imported and stored in the selected account. Back Up Contacts If you are saving contacts to an account that does not automatically back them up via the Cloud, you can manually back them up for re-import if needed..  You will see the Import/export contacts menu. Tap OK to confirm the export.  The contacts are exported and saved to the installed SD card or the phone storage. Messaging With wireless service and your phone’s messaging capabilities, you have the opportunity to share information through many different channels and accounts, including Gmail (Google), personal and corporate email, and text and multimedia messaging. Text and Multimedia Messaging With text messaging (SMS), you can send and receive instant text messages between your wireless phone and another messaging-ready phone.. Tap the “Type an SMS message” box and then start composing your message. When done, tap Send to send the text message. Send a Multimedia Message (MMS) When you need to add a little more to a text message, you can send a multimedia message (MMS) with pictures, voice recordings, audio or video files, stickers, or contact cards (vCard).. In the attachment window, select from the following file attachments:  Sticker : Add stickers to your MMS. You can slide the available stickers upwards to find and download more.  Camera : Take a photo or shoot a video clip to attach to your MMS. Slide the viewfinder area upwards to expand the viewfinder.. Manage Message Conversations Text and multimedia messages that are sent to and received from a contact (or a number) are grouped into conversations or message threads in the Messenger screen. Text or MMS conversations let you see exchanged messages (similar to a chat program) with a contact on the screen. Note: To reply to a text message with a multimedia message, open the text message, tap and insert a sticker, a photo or video, a voice recording, your location, or other types of files. The text message is automatically converted into a multimedia message.  Get notifications: Turn on this option if you want to receive a notification for outgoing and incoming messages.  Notification sound: Select a ringtone that is specific to new text and multimedia messages. Note that the ringtone briefly plays when selected. Create and Send a Gmail Message Use your phone to create and send Gmail messages. From home, tap Apps > Gmail. If prompted, tap Take me to Gmail. In the inbox, tap Compose .... Enter the message recipient(s), subject, and message, and then tap Send  The Gmail message is sent. Gmail Composition Options ● Adding Cc/Bcc: In the mail composition window, tap on the "To" line, and then add recipients. ● Attaching Pictures or Videos: In the mail composition window, tap Attach >.... Tap the new message from the notification panel.  The new Gmail message opens.  If you have two or more new Gmail messages, tapping the notification opens the Gmail inbox. Open Gmail Messages from the Inbox You can also read and reply to all your Gmail messages from the Gmail inbox. Touch and hold a conversation thread to add a checkmark to it, and then tap Options > Move 3. Tap a label for the thread.  The thread is added to the selected label. Archive Gmail Threads Remove sent and received Gmail threads so they do not appear in the inbox.. From home, tap Apps > Gmail  The inbox opens. Swipe a conversation thread from left to right or from right to left out of the list.  The thread is now archived. Mute Gmail Threads If registered on a mailing list, there will be threads with always-continuing conversations. For long threads that are not important, mute the threads and they will no longer appear in the inbox.. Touch and hold a conversation thread to add a checkmark to it, and then tap Options > Mute.  The thread is now hidden. Delete Gmail Threads If you no longer wish to keep a Gmail conversation thread, you can simply delete it from the inbox. Enter your search text and tap the search key on the keyboard. Tap a message or thread from the list to display it. Report Spam Gmail You can report spam Gmail messages from your phone’s Gmail inbox. Touch and hold a conversation thread to add a checkmark to it, and then tap Options > Report spam.  The selected message is reported as spam Gmail. Add Another Google (Gmail) Account If you have multiple Gmail accounts you wish to view on your phone, you can add them from the Settings >.... Tap the avatar of the account you want to view from the list at the top of the menu.  The selected account inbox is displayed. Email Use the Email application to send and receive email from your webmail or other accounts, using POP3 or IMAP, or access your Exchange ActiveSync account for your corporate email needs.. From home, tap Apps > Email  The Account setup screen for adding an account appears if no email account has been previously set up. Follow the onscreen instructions to set up your email account.  The email account is set up and you will begin receiving email. Add an Email Account You can add several types of personal email accounts, such as POP3 and IMAP accounts, on your phone.. Follow the onscreen instructions to complete the account setup.  The email account is added and you will begin receiving email for the account. Add an Email Account from the Settings Menu You can also set up email accounts from the Settings >....  Tapping Next prompts your phone to attempt a "regular" email setup and test the incoming and outgoing servers.  If you have custom settings you need to configure, tap Manual setup and enter your settings. These may include mail type, user name, password, server, security type, etc. Enter the Email address and Password for the email account and then tap Next.  Tapping Next prompts your phone to attempt an automatic setup and test the incoming and outgoing servers.  If the automatic setup fails, you need to enter your settings. These may include domain\username, password, server, security type, etc.. Enter the message recipient(s), subject, and message.  You can add multiple recipients to an email message.  To add recipients from contacts, groups, or history, tap "+", select the contact(s) you wish to include, and then tap Select. Tap the message you want to view. Tap Reply or Reply all to reply to the message. Tip: Tap Menu at the top left of the screen to switch to a different email account. Tip: You can also access new email messages from the notification panel.. Delete an Email Account You can delete an email account from your phone if you no longer wish to receive messages for the account on your phone. From home, tap Apps > Email  The email inbox opens. Refresh an Email Account Whatever your automatic synchronization settings are, you can also synchronize your sent and received email messages manually at any time. ■ While viewing the account you want to synchronize, drag the message list downwards. Synchronize Exchange ActiveSync Email You can set Exchange ActiveSync to automatically check for new Exchange ActiveSync email messages. From home, tap Apps > Email 2. Tap the name of the Exchange ActiveSync account. Tap Sync settings > Sync frequency and choose the option you want. Flag Email Messages For an Exchange ActiveSync account, you can flag email messages to help you keep track of them.. Tap the default priority and change the priority for the message. You can select High, Normal, or Low. Internet and Social Networking The following topics describe how to connect to and use the Internet on your phone, and how to access popular social networking sites such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and more. Browser Your phone’s Web browser gives you full access to both mobile and traditional websites on the go, using 3G, 4G, or Wi-Fi data connections..  The first time you launch Browser, you may be prompted to enter your 10-digit wireless phone number to access the Virgin Mobile home page.  You can also launch the browser by tapping a URL in a text message, email message, or Gmail message.. Add a Bookmark Bookmark favorite sites using the browser menu options. If Browser isn’t a primary shortcut, from home, tap Apps 1. From home, tap Browser > Browser  The browser opens. Navigate to the Web page you want to bookmark, and tap Menu >.... If Browser isn’t a primary shortcut, from home, tap Apps 1. From home, tap Browser > Browser  The browser opens. Tap an entry to reopen the Web page. If Browser isn’t a primary shortcut, from home, tap Apps 1. From home, tap Browser > Browser  The browser opens. Tap Menu > Settings, and customize your browser settings.  Your browser settings are saved. Chrome Browser In addition to the default "Browser".... Chrome Support ■ To find on-phone help with Chrome, from Chrome, tap Menu > Help & feedback.  A Web page will open displaying Google help for Chrome. Tip: For more information, from your computer, visit: google.com/intl/en/chrome/browser/mobile/. Facebook Post updates, read what your friends are up to, upload pictures and check-ins, and more with on-the-go Facebook access..  If this is the first time you’ve used Facebook on your phone, enter your Facebook ID and password and tap Log in to sign in to an existing account, or tap Sign Up for Facebook to set up a new Facebook account. Install the LinkedIn App on Your Phone Before you use LinkedIn on your phone, you must download and install the app from the Google Play Store app. From home, tap Apps > Play Store 2. Tap the search field at the top and search for "linkedin". Connectivity The following topics address your phone’s connectivity options, including USB file transfer, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and more. Transfer Files between Your Phone and a Computer You can use the supplied USB cable to connect your phone directly to your computer and transfer music, pictures, and other content files.. Select either Media device (MTP) or Camera (PTP).  The files on your phone can now be accessed via your computer.  For most transfers, you'll want to use Media device (MTP).  To change the option, tap in the notification panel to open the Connect to PC window, and then tap the desired option..  The Wi-Fi settings menu appears. Tap the Wi-Fi slider to turn Wi-Fi on. You will see the names and security settings of in-range Wi-Fi networks.  To disable Wi-Fi, tap the slider again. From home, tap Apps > Settings 2.  The Wi-Fi settings menu appears. Tap the Wi-Fi slider to turn Wi-Fi on. You will see the names and security settings of in-range Wi-Fi networks.  The Wi-Fi settings menu appears. Tap the name of the connected access point and then tap Forget.  After disconnecting from an access point, you may need to re-enter the password to reconnect..  The Wi-Fi settings menu appears. Tap the Wi-Fi slider to turn Wi-Fi on. You will see the names and security settings of in-range Wi-Fi networks. Tap Menu > Advanced > Wi-Fi Direct. Note: Turning on Wi-Fi hotspot on will disable your phone's connection to other Wi-Fi networks. From home, tap Apps > Settings 2.  The Wi-Fi hotspot window opens. Tap the slider to turn Hotspot on. Launch your Web browser to confirm you have an Internet connection. Tethering Use Tethering to share your device’s Internet connection with another device that connects to your device by Bluetooth. From home, tap Apps > Settings 2. Bluetooth Function Cautions Information may not appear correctly on connected devices depending on the transferred data. Bluetooth Information Bluetooth is a technology that enables wireless connection with PCs, Bluetooth devices with hands-free features, etc. Function Description Audio output Listen to music, etc., wirelessly. Hands-free calls Call hands-free, using Bluetooth-capable hands-free devices and headsets.. Tap the slider to turn Bluetooth on.  To disable Bluetooth, tap the slider again. Tip: You can also turn Bluetooth on or off with the toggle menu in the notification panel. Pull down the status bar to display the notification panel and then tap to turn Bluetooth on or off..  Nearby devices appear in the “Available devices” list.  If a target device is not detected, tap Menu > Refresh to search again. Tap a device from the “Available devices” list, and follow the onscreen instructions to pair with the device.. Connect to a Paired Bluetooth Device You can listen to music over a Bluetooth stereo headset, or have hands-free conversations using a compatible Bluetooth headset or car kit. It’s the same procedure to set up stereo audio and hands-free devices. Types of Data You Can Send via Bluetooth You can send the following types of information, depending on the device you are sending to: ● Images and videos ● Calendar events ● Contacts ● Audio files In the instructions below, Contacts data is being used as an example. Sending Contacts Data via Bluetooth 1.. Tap Menu > Share > Bluetooth. If you are prompted to turn on Bluetooth, tap Turn on. Tap the name of the receiving device. If prompted, accept the connection on the receiving device, and enter the same passcode on both your phone and the other device, or confirm the auto-generated passcode.. • Media files and documents are usually opened directly in a compatible application. For example, if you open a music track, it starts playing in a music app you choose. • For a vCalendar file, tap OK and the vCalendar event is imported to your local calendar account.. Apps and Entertainment The following set of topics will explore the features that make your phone so much more than a phone, from the camera and productivity apps to music, entertainment, and more.. Camera and Video You can use the camera or video camera to take and share pictures and videos. Your phone comes with a 13 megapixel camera with an autofocus feature and a front-facing camera that lets you capture sharp pictures and videos. Camera Overview The camera's viewfinder screen lets you view your subject and access camera controls and options.. Learn More About Your Phone's Camera For an overview of your phone's camera and its features, you can access more information through the phone's settings menu. From home, tap Camera  The camera viewfinder appears. Tap Settings > Help > More, and tap a topic to learn more. Take Pictures and Record Videos The following topics teach you how to take pictures and record videos with your phone’s camera.. Before taking the picture, you can zoom in on your subject.  To zoom in, "spread" the screen with your thumb and finger or press the Volume Up key.  To zoom out, "pinch" the screen or press the Volume Down key. Tap Record to start recording video. Tip: During recording, you can pinch or spread on the screen or press the Volume keys to zoom in or out. You can also tap to take a picture. Tap an image to view the picture or video.  The picture or the video snapshot opens and displays in full screen.  When viewing pictures and videos in full screen, you can tap the screen to display a series of options and choose what to do with the picture or video.. Rotate and Save a Picture 1. From home, tap Apps > Gallery  The Timeline list opens. Tap the picture you want to rotate. Tap Menu and then select either Rotate left or Rotate right.  The picture is rotated and the file is updated. Tap an edit option along the bottom of the screen and edit the picture. Tap to keep the change or to cancel it. Tap to save the new picture. Note: Tap in the Photo Editor screen to see the edits you have made and undo or redo them. Tap Share and then on the Share menu, tap Email or Gmail.  Follow onscreen prompts to complete and send the message. Note: If you have multiple email accounts, the default email account will be used. To change the account, tap the sender address displayed above the recipients line and select the desired email account.. Tap Share and then on the Share menu, tap Messenger.  Follow the onscreen prompts to complete and send the message. For more information about sending multimedia messages, see Send a Multimedia Message (MMS). Send Pictures or Videos Using Bluetooth You can select several pictures, videos, or both and send them to someone’s phone or your computer using Bluetooth.. Tap Share and then on the Share menu, tap Bluetooth.  Follow the onscreen prompts to complete and send the files. Share Pictures or Videos via Additional Apps or Social Media From Gallery, you can share your pictures and videos from a variety of apps and social media sites, such as Facebook, Google+, Instagram, Flickr, and more.. Tap Share and then on the Share menu, tap the app you want to use. Follow the prompts to complete and post or share your pictures or videos. Share Videos on YouTube You can share your videos by uploading them to YouTube™. Before you do this, you must create a YouTube account or Google Account and sign in to that account on your phone.. Tap Share and then on the Share menu, tap YouTube. Enter the prompted information, such as description and tags, and select a privacy option. Tap  The upload is completed. Camera Settings You can adjust your camera’s settings using the icons on the main camera screen and the full camera settings menu.. Tap Settings  The camera settings menu opens.  Settable items differ depending on the camera type in use. Productivity Use your phone to stay ahead of the game with calendar, navigation, alarm, and more productivity apps. Calendar Use Calendar to create and manage events, meetings, and appointments. Your Calendar helps organize your time and reminds you of important events. Depending on your synchronization settings, your phone’s Calendar stays in sync with your Calendar on the Web, Exchange ActiveSync calendar, Google Calendar, and Outlook calendar.. From home, tap Apps > Calendar  The Calendar app opens. Tap Add  The add event window opens. Enter an event title, start date/time, end date/time, etc., and then tap Save.  The event is added to your calendar. Selecting a Calendar ● If you have more than one calendar, select a calendar in which to add events:  Select My calendar to create an event that will appear only on your phone.  Select your Google Account to create a Google Calendar event. If you have several Google Calendars on the Web, select one in which to add your event.. Note: The color for the events indicates the type of calendar that includes the event. To find out which calendar each color represents, tap Menu > Calendars to display.  In event details, tap Edit to edit the event.. Select sync options by adding or removing check marks from the items.  The sync settings have been updated. Synchronize an Exchange ActiveSync Calendar If you have set up a Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync account on your phone, you can also synchronize Exchange ActiveSync calendar events on your phone..  To confirm your sync settings, tap the account name and make sure the Calendar switch is 2. Note: If Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync doesn’t appear under the Settings > Accounts menu, you do not have an Exchange ActiveSync account configured on the phone. For information about adding an account, see Add an Exchange ActiveSync Account.. Enter an address, city, facility name, etc., and then tap a candidate in the results list. Note: If your search term is specific enough, the map will automatically pan to that location.  The information card for the specific location opens. You can find out its address, open hours, street view, people's review, how to get there, give the place a call, save it to your Google Account, and more.. Google Search Operations ● Changing Search Information: From home, tap Apps > Settings > Google > Search & Now > Phone search and select where to search. ● Using Google Now: Google Now automatically searches for information based on search keywords used, your current location, etc., and presents search results in the search screen.. From home, tap Apps > Calculator  The calculator app launches. Clock Your phone has a clock app that lets you set alarms, view time in time zones around the world, use a stopwatch, and set a timer.. From home, tap Apps > Settings > Date & time. Tap to turn off the switch next to Automatic date & time and Automatic time zone, and then set the date, time, and time zone as desired.  The date, time, and time zone will reflect your new settings. Set Alarms Set multiple alarms using your phone’s Clock app.. Tap the Alarm tab and then tap Create alarm 3. Set the alarm options, including time, alarm days, repeat pattern, snooze, ringtone, and alarm label, and then tap Save. Note: To enable or disable existing alarms directly, just tap the switch next to the alarm. Note: Tap in the Alarm tab to adjust general alarm settings.. ■ From home, tap Apps > Clock World Clock The world clock lets you keep track of the current time in multiple cities around the globe. From the clock app, tap World Clock 2. Tap Add City and select a city. You can enter a city name in the search field at the top to find the city.. From the clock app, tap Timer 2. Use the keypad to set the length of the timer. Tap Start to begin the timer. File Manager File Manager allows you to view and manage files stored on your phone's internal storage and your SD card.. Entertainment and Activities The following topics provide an overview of your phone’s entertainment apps, from music players and YouTube, to sound recorder, and more. Google Play Music App The Google Play Music app lets you browse, shop, and play back songs purchased from Google Play as well as songs you have loaded from your own music library.. The song title and player control appears at the bottom of the screen. You can tap it or drag it up to display the player screen. Google Play Music Screen Layout The following diagram outlines the main features of the Play Music app player screen. Feature Description Shows the names of the song and the artist.. Shows the progress of the current song. Drag or tap it to jump to Progress bar any part of song. Shuffle Tap to turn on or off shuffle. Current playlist Tap to display the current music list (queue). Options Tap to access more player options. Create Playlists in Google Play Music Organize music into playlists to fit every occasion.. Tap Menu next to a song and select Add to playlist. Enter a playlist name and description and tap Create playlist. Tap Back to return to the library view and select another song or album. Note: For information about loading music onto your phone, see Transfer Files between Your Phone and Computer. Listen to Music Using the Music Player The Music app allows you to play music files in your phone's storages. ● Track title: Display track name, artist, and album information. ● Back to library: Return to the music library. ● Album cover: Display the cover art of the album when it is available. Swipe horizontally to switch to the next or previous song. Your music files are cataloged, according to the information stored in the files. Find the music file you want to put in a playlist. Tap Menu next to the song to open a list of options.. Tap Playlists to view all music playlists. Tap Menu next to the playlist you want to manipulate to open the options menu. Manage Songs in a Playlist You can add more songs to a playlist or remove some tracks from a playlist. Your music files are cataloged, according to the information stored in the files. Tap Playlists to view all music playlists. Tap a playlist to open its content. Tap Menu > Add songs and select the music you want to add before tapping –.... Tap Phone Ringtone or Notification Ringtone. Tip: You can also set a song as the default ringtone in the playback screen. Just tap Menu > Set as ringtone > Phone Ringtone or Notification Ringtone. Sound Recorder You can use Sound Recorder to record voice memos.. Record and Play a Voice Memo 1. From home, tap Apps > Sound Recorder 2. Note: Before recording, you can tap to turn off or on high-quality recording.  During recording, you can tap to pause or continue the recording.  to play the voice recording.  to edit the name of the recording. Note: To find all your voice memos, tap at the top right of the screen. Dolby Audio Your phone support Dolby Audio, which enhances the phone’s audio quality, and you can manage its settings.. From home, tap Apps > YouTube  The YouTube app launches.  If you’re prompted to provide confirmation to use the site, follow the onscreen instructions to continue. Search through the YouTube channels and tap a video you want to see. From home, tap Apps > YouTube  The YouTube app launches. Tap Account > Uploads  The Open from menu appears.  Enter a title, description, and tags, and select a privacy setting. Settings The following set of topics will cover your phone’s settings menus and options. For an overview of the settings menu, see Basic Settings.. Connections Settings The following topics introduce your phone’s basic settings menus and cover your phone’s Connections settings options. Basic Settings to access your phone’s settings menu. From the home screen, tap Apps > Settings The table below outlines the top-level settings categories. Connect to PC Select the USB connection type between your phone and PC Select your phone’s location access options Location Security Set your security options such as screen lock, credential storage, etc. Add and manage all your email, social networking, corporate, and Accounts picture/video sharing accounts Google.... From home, tap Apps > Settings  The settings menu opens. Select categories and then select your settings options.  Settings are made and applied. Tip: You can also access settings from the notification panel. Pull down the status bar and tap Settings Tip: At the top of the Settings screen, you can see setting suggestions..  The Wi-Fi settings menu appears. Tap the Wi-Fi slider to turn Wi-Fi on. You will see the names and security settings of in-range Wi-Fi networks.  To disable Wi-Fi, tap the slider again. ● Use WPS to Connect to a Wi-Fi Network: From Wi-Fi settings, tap Menu > Advanced > WPS Push Button or WPS Pin Entry.  The settings are available when Wi-Fi is turned on.  If you tap WPS Push Button, press the WPS button on the access point and the access point will recognize your phone and add it to the network.. From home, tap Apps > Settings > Wi-Fi Calling. Follow the prompts to change your Wi-Fi Calling settings.  When Wi-Fi Calling is set up, you will see in the status bar when Wi-Fi Calling is active and you are currently connected to a Wi-Fi network. Tip: For more information about Wi-Fi Calling, visit this FAQ link at sprint.com/support.. Bluetooth Settings Operations ● Enable Bluetooth: In Bluetooth settings, tap the slider at the top of the menu.  Alternatively, pull down the status bar to display the notifications panel and then tap Bluetooth off to turn Bluetooth on.. ● Enable Service from Paired Device: From Bluetooth settings, tap Settings next to a paired device name, and then tap the listing under Use for.  If a confirmation prompt appears, follow the onscreen instructions.  This setting is available when Bluetooth is enabled. Tap Data Enabled to enable or disable data services over the mobile network. Note: Certain data service request may require additional time to process. While your phone is loading the requested service, the touchscreen may appear unresponsive when in fact it is functioning properly. Allow your phone some time to process your data usage request.. Tap the slider to turn Wi-Fi hotspot on.  To disable Wi-Fi hotspot, tap the slider again. Advanced Hotspot Settings The hotspot settings menu lets you configure advanced options.  Check Hotspot notification to get notification in the status bar when sleep policy turns off the hotspot. ● Set Local Area Network (LAN) Settings: From the Wi-Fi hotspot window, tap LAN settings and configure your options. Data Usage Settings The data usage menu lets you view your phone’s mobile and Wi-Fi data usage, set data limits, restrict data or hotspot usage, and more.. ● Enable Mobile Data: In Data usage window, tap the Cellular data slider to enable or disable the service.  If a confirmation appears, follow the onscreen instructions. ● Check Data Usage for Each Application: To see how your data is being used in the current time cycle, tap Cellular data usage and tap an app name to see its usage for the period..  Your settings are saved and implemented. Airplane Mode Airplane mode allows you to use many of your phone's features, such as Gallery, Camera, and Music, when you are on an airplane or in any other area where making or receiving calls or data is prohibited. When you set your phone to Airplane mode, it cannot send or receive any calls or access online information.. From home, tap Apps > Settings 2. When in airplane mode, the status bar will display Bluetooth Tethering Bluetooth tethering allows you to share your phone's mobile data connection with other devices via Bluetooth.. Before you can initiate a VPN connection, your phone must first establish a Wi-Fi or data connection. For information about setting up and using these connections on your phone, see Mobile Network Settings Turn Wi-Fi On and Connect to a Wireless Network..  Information may include Name, Type, Server address, PPP encryption (MPPE), and advanced options.  Set up all options according to the security details you have obtained from your network administrator.  Your VPN is added to the VPN settings window. Connect to or Disconnect from a VPN Once you have set up a VPN connection, connecting and disconnecting from the VPN is easy..  Your phone disconnects from the VPN.  When your phone has disconnected from the VPN, you will see a VPN disconnected icon in the notification area of the status bar. Network Settings Reset You can reset Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and mobile data settings. All network settings previously saved are deleted, such as saved Wi-Fi networks and passwords, paired Bluetooth devices, network preference, and more.. Device Settings The following topics outline the device settings options available on your phone, including sounds, display, applications, and more. Display Settings Use the phone's display settings menu to adjust items such as wallpaper, brightness, screen timeout, and more. Display Settings Overview The display settings menu allows you to configure the following options: Display Setting Description.... Set whether to flash the indicator light beneath the Home key to notify Pulse notification light you of missed calls, new messages, and other events Calibrate the phone's accelerometer when you detect any error during Accelerometer Calibration Navigation key light Control the back light duration of Home , Back , and Recent Apps.... Tap an app to manage its notification settings. – or – to set the notification behavior on the lock screen for all apps. – or – Tap Menu to display/hide system apps or reset all notification preferences. Sound Settings The sound settings menu lets you control your phone’s audio, from ringtones and volume to tap tones and vibration. Sound Settings Overview The sound settings menu allows you to configure the following options: Sound Setting Description Volume Set volume for media, alarms, ringtones, and notifications Dolby Audio Manage Dolby Audio feature and settings Notification mode....  Your sound settings are saved and applied. Applications Settings Overview Tap an installed application in the Apps settings menu to see its information and access options that may include the following.. Manage the app notifications in the notification panel and the lock screen. Notifications You can block or mute notifications from an app, hide them on the lock screen, or allow them to interrupt in Do not disturb mode Check the app's supported links and set whether to open the links in the Open by default app, and clear the app's defaults Battery.... Storage Settings Overview The storage settings menu allows you to configure the following options: Storage Setting Description Set the default location for new data, such as files downloaded, photos Save location captured, and voice recorded View the available device storages (such as the phone storage) and Device storage manage their spaces and use View the available portable storages (such as an SD card) and manage.... From home, tap Apps > Settings 2.  Check your battery condition and access additional options. Memory Setting Monitor the average memory use and performance of your phone. Tap the time duration to check average memory use during that time.  To check the memory use breakdown by apps, tap Memory used by apps. Users Settings The Users settings allow you share your phone with others by creating up to three additional user accounts.. Manage your user settings as needed. User Settings Operations ● Set up a New User: In the Users screen, tap Add user > OK > Set up now and follow the prompts on the screen. Note: You can add new users from the notification panel when the screen is locked. Switch on Add users to turn on this feature.. Note: When other users is finished using your phone, he or she can tap Menu > Delete <user name> from this device > Delete in the User screen to delete the account and related data from your phone. ● Manage Users' Authority to Use Phone Call and Messaging: In the Users screen, tap next to the user and tap Turn on phone calls &.... Access Connect to PC Settings 1. From home, tap Apps > Settings > Connect to PC. Note: Uncheck Don't ask me again to be prompted to select a connection type each time you connect the phone to a PC.. Personal Settings The following topics cover your phone’s personalization settings, including location privacy and access, security, accounts, Google, language & input, navigation key, and backup and reset options. Location Settings Your Location settings menu lets you select how your phone determines its location (using the wireless networks, GPS satellites, both, or neither).. Tap the location switch to toggle Location services on or off.  Your phone’s location services are enabled or disabled.  If you see a confirmation, follow the onscreen instructions to connect. Register your fingerprint for unlocking the phone and quick-open apps, or Fingerprint manage other fingerprint functions that do not need verification Keep the phone unlocked when connected to trusted devices, in trusted places, unlocked by trusted faces or voices, or as long as you keep holding or carrying the device Smart Lock Note: You need to sign in to your Google Account on the phone to use....  The Security settings menu opens.  Your security settings are applied and saved. Screen Lock Settings The screen lock settings let you set your method for unlocking your phone, customize lock screen options, and enter your owner information to be displayed on the lock screen.. From home, tap Apps > Settings 2.  The Screen lock settings menu opens. Use Long Press to Unlock the Screen ■ From the Screen lock menu, tap Long press to save the setting.  The phone records the pattern. When prompted, draw the screen unlock pattern again, and then tap Confirm.  The screen unlock pattern is saved. Choose how to show notifications on the lock screen and then tap Done. Note: To change your unlock screen pattern, from home, tap Apps > Settings > Security > Screen lock. Use a Screen Unlock PIN 1. From the Screen lock menu, tap PIN. Choose whether you want to further protect your phone with the screen lock before it starts up. Fingerprint Settings The Fingerprint settings menu lets you register up to five fingerprints with the fingerprint sensor on the back of the phone, and use them to unlock the phone or open designated apps. You can also tap the fingerprint sensor to take photos and answer calls. Note: The fingerprint feature is only usable when the screen lock (Pattern, PIN or Password) is enabled..  The fingerprint is successfully recorded. You can now use it unlock the phone or open a designated app. Tip: In the Fingerprint management screen, tap an existing fingerprint record to change its name or delete Set Fingerprint Actions ■ From the Fingerprint screen home, tap the switches next to Wake up and unlock your phone, Take photo, or Answer call, or tap Quick-open app to assign an app to each registered fingerprint..  An Add an account window appears. Tap an account type and then follow the onscreen instructions to add the required account information.  The account is added to the accounts list. Manage Existing Accounts You can manage existing accounts on your phone by setting synchronization, notification, and other options.. Languages & Input Settings Overview You can set the following options in the Languages & input settings menu: Languages and Input Description Setting Languages Set the language for your keyboards and menus Turn on or off the feature and configure Google Spell Checker options to Spell checker check for spelling errors when entering text Add words to a personal phone dictionary to improve word suggestion....  The Languages and input settings menu opens.  The languages and input settings are applied and saved. Language and Input Options Some of the language and input options are detailed below. ● Set the Display Language: From the Languages & input settings menu, tap Languages and then drag next to the language you need to the top.. From home, tap Apps > Settings > Navigation key. Backup & Reset Your phone’s Backup & reset menu lets you back up your phone’s data and settings to Google servers before resetting your phone to the original factory settings. The Factory data reset erases all data from the phone’s application storage, including: ●.... Factory data reset Reset all settings and delete all data on phone ● Performing a factory data reset erases all data on the phone. It is recommended that you back up important data before performing a factory data reset. ● Erased information cannot be restored.. Read the factory data reset information page and tap Reset phone.  Your phone will power down and reset itself, which may take up to 10 minutes.  Once the phone has reset, it will run through the Hands Free Activation and update processes again.. System Settings The following topics detail your phone’s system settings options, including date & time, accessibility settings, printing, system updates, and device information. Date & Time Settings Use the date & time settings menu either to automatically use the network-provided date and time or manually set these values, as well as select a time format.. Set available date and time options.  Your date and time settings are applied and saved. Accessibility Settings The accessibility menu lets you enable and manage accessibility-related applications. Accessibility Settings Overview The following accessibility options may be configured: Accessibility Option Description Set the TalkBack service to help blind or low-vision users access the.... Make items on the screen, including fonts, icons and images, smaller or Display size larger Click after pointer stops If you use a mouse with the phone, set whether to let the mouse moving automatically click after you stop moving it High contrast text Set whether to display onscreen text with higher contrast When enabled, you can press the Power/Lock key to end phone calls....  Your accessibility settings are applied and saved. Printing The Printing menu lets you configure Google's Cloud Print service. You can connect your printer to your Google Account and then add the printer on your phone in the Printing menu. After that, you can send documents, pictures, emails, or web pages from your phone to the printer wirelessly and have them printed out.. If you haven't added a printer on the phone or haven't turned on the Cloud Print feature, tap Apps > Settings > Printing > Cloud Print from home to enable this function or add a printer registered to your Google Account. Tap Print to send the print job wireless to your printer through Google Servers. Note: Instead of selecting a printer, you can also choose to save the file to Google Drive or as a PDF file. System Updates The System updates menu lets you update your PRL (preferred roaming list), your user profile, your Android software, and your phone firmware.. Check your phone’s status ● Battery status and level ● Brand of the network ● SIM card status (network, signal strength, mobile network type, service state, roaming, mobile network state, and phone number, and more) Status ● IMEI information (MIN, PRL version, MEID, IMEI, and ICCID) ●....  Your phone information is displayed. Getting Help The following set of topics will cover troubleshooting tips, phone specifications, and how to contact Virgin Mobile and manage your wireless service.. For Assistance The following topics address areas of support for your phone, including troubleshooting, specifications, account information, warranty information, and customer service contact information. Troubleshooting Check the questions and answers below for troubleshooting solutions for common phone issues. Check Here First Problem: Phone freezes/operation is unstable..  From home, tap Apps > Settings > Mobile networks > Access Point Names > Menu > Reset to default. Problem: Battery level goes down quickly. Solution: Are you where signal is weak or have been out of service area for a long period? Calling where signal is weak or being out of service area uses a lot of Battery.. Voltage 3.85 V Type Lithium-ion Capacity 3990 mAh Virgin Mobile Account Information and Help Find out about managing your account online and on your phone, buying additional minutes for your plan, and getting help. For more information about your Virgin Mobile account, as well as other Virgin Mobile services, visit us at: virginmobileusa.com.. Mobile name and logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Ltd. and used under license by Virgin Mobile. Other marks are the property of their respective owners. ZTE and the ZTE logos are trademarks of the ZTE Corporation. Google and Android are trademarks of Google, Inc.. Index 3-way Calling, 77 Record video, 146 Accessibility, 230 Settings, 155 Accessory Port, 4 Take a picture, 145 Accounts Viewfinder, 144 Add new, 222 Car Kit Manage, 223 Connect, 139 Activation, 18 Charger Port, 4 Airplane Mode, 30 Chrome, 124 Alarm, 166 Clock Answer a Call, 64.... Features, 117 Headset Jack, 4 Extended Home Screen, 51 Home Screen, 50 Facebook, 125 Add Folders, 58 Share pictures and videos, 153 Add Shortcuts, 57 Factory Data Reset, 227 Add Widgets, 58 Files Customize, 56 Transfer between phone and computer, 128 Extended, 51 Flash, 4 Hotspot, 133.... Phone Status, 234 Sound Settings, 205 Phone Update Speaker, 4 PRL, 48 Spread, 17 Profile, 48 Status Bar, 52 Software, 44 Status Icons, 52 Pictures Stopwatch, 168 Edit, 149 Storage Rotate, 149 Settings, 207 Share via Bluetooth, 152 Swipe, 16 Share via email, 150 Synchronize Share via Facebook, 153.... Greeting, 74 Widgets, 58 Setup, 69 Wi-Fi, 129 Volume, 205 Settings, 187 Key, 4 Turn on and connect, 129 VPN, 198 Wi-Fi Calling, 74 Add connection, 199 Settings, 189 Connect or disconnect, 200 Wi-Fi Hotspot, 133 Prepare for connection, 198 World Clock, 168 Secure credential storage, 199 YouTube, 181.... mario Feb 20, 2018 01:19:. susan Nov 30, 2017 12:28:. Seth Jun 07, 2017 07:56:. there is a little hole next to the sim tray, stick a paper clip in there and the tray will open. No informatio​n on how to upgrade the sim. Can't even find out how to open the SIM tray.. By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 16 GB + MicroSD. Available: Sprint , Virgin Mobile , Boost Mobile. The ZTE Max XL features a 6-inch 1080p-resolution screen and is powered by the Snapdragon 435 chipset with 2GB of RAM and 16GB of expandable storage. There's a 13MP main camera and 5MP front camera, along with a 3390mAh battery. The ZTE Max XL runs Android Nougat.. Indicates that this field is show only in Full Specs mode. Dimensions: 6.5 x 3.3 x 0.37 inches (165.1 x 83.8 x 9.4 mm). Weight: 6.34 oz (180 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Features: Fingerprint (touch), Touch sensitive control keys. Keys: Right: Volume control, Lock/Unlock key. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets. Shooting Modes: High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama. Features: Time-lapse video, Video calling, Video sharing. Octa-core, 1400 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit, 28 nm. 2 GB RAM (800 MHz) / LPDDR3. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Type: Not user replaceable, Li - Ion. Talk time: 26.60 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Supported formats: MP3, AAC, FLAC, WAV, M4A (Apple lossless), AMR, OGG, MIDI. Phonebook: Unlimited entries, Caller groups, Multiple numbers per contact, Search by both first and last name, Picture ID, Ring ID. Organizer: Calendar, Alarm, Calculator, World clock, Timer, Stopwatch, Countdown timer. Messaging: SMS, MMS, Threaded view, Predictive text input. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 25 Apr 2017. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. This device is also known as. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct ZTE Max XL specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $92 Buy. ZTE's super-affordable Max XL now available at Sprint alongside other ZTE goodies. $130 ZTE Max XL launched on Boost Mobile, packing surprisingly generous specs in places. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
The next video is starting stop. ZTE MAX XL: How's life on a $100 phone?. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Read more: http://pocketnow.com The ZTE MAX XL is not a flagship. In a world where mid-rangers often times offer a competitive alternative, the ZTE MAX XL is not even that. So, how's life on a budget phone? The ZTE MAX XL costs little under $100 and for that price you can't expect stellar specs. However, what can you expect from a budget phone like this? Check out our video and see if the ZTE MAX XL could be good enough to become your daily driver in today's fast-paced world! Subscribe: http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c... About us: Pocketnow has been a key source of mobile technology news and reviews since its establishment in 2000. With offices on three continents, Pocketnow offers round-the-clock coverage of the mobile technology landscape, from smartphones to tablets to wearables. We aim to be your number-one source for mobile tech news, reviews, comparisons, and commentary. If you love mobile as much as we do, be sure to subscribe! Follow us: http://pocketnow.com http://flipboard.com/@Pocketnow http://facebook.com/pocketnow http://twitter.com/pocketnow http://google.com/+pocketnow http://instagram.com/pocketnow. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. LG Stylo 3 vs ZTE Max XL (Boost Mobile) Comparison. ZTE MAX XL (boostmobile) VS ZTE Zmax Pro (metro PCS). ZTE Max XL Full Review: Only $99!?! (Boost Mobile). (Important) ZTE Max XL Issue...Listen Up ZTE. Top 8 Best BUDGET Phones 2017. ZTE Max XL Review Boost Mobile HD. "ZTE MAX XL" 1 Week Later "Review" Why Boost is Better Than T-Mobile Prepaid!!. ZTE Max XL Boost Mobile Final Thoughts. ZTE Grand X Max 2 Review. ZTE ZMax Pro Review: An amazing phone for $99, but with one fatal flaw. ZTE Max XL or Bolton Unboxing and Review: Only $99!?!. Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx vs ZTE Max XL (Boost Mobile) Comparison. ZTE MAX XL REVIEW And what you need to know(VIRGIN MOBILE). Top 5 Metro PCS Phones January 2018. ZTE Max XL Unboxing! 'Virgin Mobile Variant". ZTE Max XL Unboxing & First Impressions (Boost Mobile). ZTE Max XL Boost Mobile Unboxing & First Look. $60 Android 7.0 Budget Phone? Alcatel A30 with Amazon Ads. Top 5 Best Chinese Phones to Buy 2017. ZTE Max Blue Unboxing and Hands-on. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Latest News Tech Apple Google Microsoft Mobile Android iOS Windows Phone Wearables Security Drones Fitness & Health Science Auto Audio Gadgets & Toys Photography Business Press Releases Gaming Xbox PlayStation Gaming Hardware Android Gaming iOS Gaming Nintendo PC Reviews Top Picks Hardware Reviews Audio Hardware Reviews Mobile Reviews Gaming Hardware Reviews Game Reviews Wearables Reviews Movie Reviews TV Show Reviews App/Software Reviews Fitness & Health Reviews Furniture Reviews Drone Reviews Gadget & Toy Reviews Comic/Book Reviews Entertainment Movies Music TV Comics/Books Pop Culture Editorials How To Giveaways About Advertise With Us Support Our Patreon Campaign Site News Contact Us/Tips Disclaimer. Latest News Tech Apple Google Microsoft Mobile Android iOS Windows Phone Wearables Security Drones Fitness & Health Science Auto Audio Gadgets & Toys Photography Business Press Releases Gaming Xbox PlayStation Gaming Hardware Android Gaming iOS Gaming Nintendo PC Reviews Top Picks Hardware Reviews Audio Hardware Reviews Mobile Reviews Gaming Hardware Reviews Game Reviews Wearables Reviews Movie Reviews TV Show Reviews App/Software Reviews Fitness & Health Reviews Furniture Reviews Drone Reviews Gadget & Toy Reviews Comic/Book Reviews Entertainment Movies Music TV Comics/Books Pop Culture Editorials How To Giveaways About Advertise With Us Support Our Patreon Campaign Site News Contact Us/Tips Disclaimer. ZTE Max XL review: A huge phone with good features, budget price. Android / Mobile / Mobile Reviews / Reviews. Posted on October 1, 2017. If you’re in need of a phone and live in an area with strong Sprint service, the ZTE Max XL should absolutely be a consideration.. Specifications Android 7.1.1 Nougat 6″ IPS FHD (1920 x 1080) Display with Gorilla Glass 3990 mAh Battery Fingerprint Sensor 13MP Rear-Facing Camera + 5MP Front-Facing Camera 1.4GHz Octo-Core Processor MicroSD, support up to 128GB Talk Time : Up to 26.6 hours Chipset : Qualcomm MSM8940 Snapdragon 435 CPU : Octa-core 1.4 GHz Cortex-A53 GPU : Adreno 505 Internal : 2GB RAM + 16GB ROM Modes : GSM 850/1900 UMTS 2/4/5 3G/4G LTE/Enhanced LTE Bluetooth : 4.0 Wi-Fi : 802.11 b/g/n Mobile Hotspot : Yes GPS : Yes USB : Yes, USB Type-C FOTA : No Hearing Aid Compliance : M4/T3 Text Telephone (TTY) Compatibility : Yes Height : 6.5″ Width : 3.3″ Depth : 0.37″ Weight : 6.34 oz What’s in the Box ZTE Max XL SIM tool USB-A to USB-C cable USB power adapter Design Display Software Performance Speakers/Sound Camera Reception/Call Quality Battery Life Price/Value Wrap Up *We were sent a review unit of the ZTE Max XL for the purposes of this review.. Not everybody wants or needs the latest and greatest flagship cell phone offering. Believe it or not, most people are completely happy with something other than the newest, fastest, or shiniest thing out there. The good news is that there are more budget and lower priced options available than ever, and many of them provide a pretty good experience. The ZTE Max XL is a phone that will hardly put a dent in your wallet. Keep reading to see if it’s worth the small price you’ll pay.. The ZTE Max XL comes with the following features and specifications:. The first thing you’ll notice after removing the ZTE Max XL from its packaging is definitely going to be the size. This is a big phone with a very large screen. If you read through the specs above you’ll have already seen that you’re getting a 6” display with a 1920×1080 resolution (in landscape orientation, of course) in an only very slightly larger overall frame.. With a 6″ display, this is a big phone.. The side bezels on the front are very very thin, while the top and bottom are just slightly thicker at ½” and ¾” respectively. The top bezel has your standard centered receiver speaker as well as the front-facing camera to the right side. The bottom bezel includes the capacitive on-screen menu buttons, though, in a bit of a departure from most Android devices, the side buttons are simply dots. The left dot still goes back while the right still opens your recently used apps (by default, this can be swapped in the phone settings), they’re just not labeled as they normally are. The center home button is the same circle that you’re used to seeing on other Android devices.. The right side of the phone includes the power button and volume rocker switch. The power button sits below the volume rocker, and it was in a very good spot for me when holding the phone in my left hand. My index finger would somewhat instinctively go for the fingerprint scanner (more on that in a bit) while my middle finger would come to rest on the side of the phone, almost exactly on the power button. The left side has the SIM/MicroSD tray as well as the pinhole used for opening the SIM tray. The top of the phone has a 3.5mm audio jack on the left side as well as a small hole that I’m assuming is an ambient noise mic. The bottom includes another small hole for the phone microphone as well as a centered USB-C port for charging. USB-C is definitely a fantastic inclusion here, though it’s still interesting to see the devices getting released without it…. We’ll hopefully see USB Type C on all devices pretty soon.. The back of the phone is grey with a very nice textured cross-pattern. The bottom left corner includes five holes for the speaker grille, while centered up at the top (from top to bottom) you’ll find the 13MP camera sensor, the flash, and finally the fingerprint scanner. The ZTE name mark is just slightly below the fingerprint scanner, and honestly depending on the angle you may not even notice it. It’s very subtle, allowing the rest of the design to shine through, but looks classy when you do actually see it. All of this is packed into an incredibly light body at only 6.34 oz.. The 6” display is huge and very bright. Games, videos, email, and everything else came through clear and as expected. The 1920×1080 resolution fits this device, though anything less would really just feel awkward. Sure, a huge display like this could easily handle a larger resolution, but that would definitely increase the price. I really didn’t have any complaints at all with the resolution the way it was.. The 1080P resolution keeps the price down and is adequate for this screen size.. The ZTE Max XL is running Android 7.1.1 (Android N) and it’s about as close to stock Android as you’ll find outside of the Nexus/Pixel lineup. There are a few small tweaks that ZTE has made, but nothing too egregious. Honestly, you’ll really hardly notice the few tweaks that are there unless you’re really curious about finding them.. The phone that I tested runs on Boost Mobile, and there are quite a few pre-installed apps. The good news is that many of these apps can actually be uninstalled if you don’t want to use them. A few can only be disabled, and an even smaller subset really just have to be left where they are, but the fact that many of the apps can be removed is very helpful, especially with only 16GB of internal storage.. Running with a Snapdragon 435 you’re not getting the top of the mobile CPU heap by any means, but as I’ve mentioned, not everybody needs that in their lives. The Snapdragon 435 along with the phone’s 2GB of memory power most everything pretty well. I ran into a little bit of lag, or some slight hiccups while scrolling on occasion, but this phone is going to have plenty of performance for 95% of people out there.. Apps and games generally run smoothly. The huge screen is obviously great for looking at media as well as apps and games. Keeping the screen resolution at 1080p means that fewer pixels need to be pushed, allowing for better performance from the hardware on board.. The buttons are placed nicely for the large size of the phone.. I did have some occasional delay between when the fingerprint scanner would read my finger and the screen unlocking, but more often than not it was only marginally slower than a Nexus 6P or Pixel XL. The occasional lag didn’t happen often, but it’s worth mentioning.. At this price, you can’t expect everything to be fantastic, and unfortunately the speaker is a casualty of the price of the phone. The external speaker will be OK for the occasional video or playing some mobile games on your phone but you’re really not going to want to do too much else with it. Its position on the back of the phone doesn’t do it any favors, and it’s really just tinny and unbalanced.. The good news, however, is that audio via headphones — wired or wireless — is really pretty good. If you’re going to be listening to much music with your new ZTE Max XL, I’d recommend putting a few of the dollars you save towards a pair of headphones. There are some really decent options available for not a lot of money.. The onboard 13MP rear camera takes some pretty clear pictures in good lighting. The camera app is one of the changes from stock Android, adding in additional features and options outside of the stock camera. The app opens pretty quickly though, letting you get to the action more quickly. The shutter isn’t the fastest though, so you’ll be best suited with slow-moving or stationary subjects, but as long as you don’t move the phone during the process you’ll get some good results. Low lighting is a bit more blurry, with detail lost and some noise added in areas where the flash isn’t quite necessary. The flash does help, though as is the case with most camera flashes it can end up washing out your subject slightly.. If you’re feeling more adventurous, there is a manual camera mode, allowing for adjustment to shutter speed, ISO, Exposure, White balance, Intervals, and Focus. You can also specifically set an area in the viewfinder to focus on, as well as create panoramas, multi-exposure shots, and time-lapse photos. Intervals and time-lapse photos will create videos based on all of the photos that you’ve taken, while multi-exposure combines two photos into one for more interesting effects.. Overall there are some really nice things about the camera and its app, especially considering the price of the phone. It does have a few shortcomings but as long as you work within its wheelhouse you can get some pretty nice results.. Callers could hear me without issue and I was able to hear callers clearly as well. In the Boost Mobile version that I tested, data will depend largely on how strong the Sprint network is where you live. In the Chicago suburbs data was quite strong, and I actually got better speeds on the Max XL than on my T-Mobile equipped Nexus 6P. Your mileage will obviously vary though.. With a 3990 mAh battery inside, your Max XL is going to give you some pretty good battery life. Even with that giant 6” screen, you’ll have the benefit of only pushing 1080p resolution instead of anything higher which definitely helps.. If you’re not a heavy user, you can probably get a few days out of the Max XL. As a heavy (and I mean heavy) phone user, I could still get a full day with just a little bit left in the tank at night. Your mileage will obviously vary based on your usage, but you ought to be able to get at least a full day out of the Max XL out of the box.. You can snag a ZTE Max XL of your very own for the low, low price of $99.99 USD. You’re getting a phone with good performance, a huge battery, and a giant 6” screen. You’re basically paying sub-budget prices for an incredibly capable phone.. The ZTE Max XL really is a nice looking phone.. If you’re in need of a phone and live in an area with strong Sprint service, the ZTE Max XL should absolutely be a consideration. For the price you just can’t beat the performance and even the style that this phone provides.. Nailed it $100 USD for this phone is a steal Huge screen Good battery life Mostly stock Android experience Sound is good with headphones or external speaker Very nice design overall Incredibly light. Needs work On board speaker isn't very good Camera shutter is just a little bit slow Occasional hiccups in performance. Related Items: Android , Boost Mobile , Cell phone , featured , Review , ZTE Max XL. Monolith M1060 review: Perfect sounding planar magnetic over-ear headphones with large drivers. Monster Blaster Classic Rock review: Classic rock tuning from Joe Perry himself. House of Marley Uplift 2 review: Wireless earphones with good value and neutral sound. Huawei unveils their new MateBook X Pro and MediaPad M5 at MWC2018. Tapping into the full power of multi-function devices is crucial for SMBs in the knowledge economy. Microsoft being sued for $600 million USD after failed Windows 10 upgrade. Audio / Audio Hardware Reviews / Reviews / Top Picks. Monolith M1060 review: Perfect sounding planar magnetic over-ear headphones with large drivers. Audio / Audio Hardware Reviews / Reviews. Monster Blaster Classic Rock review: Classic rock tuning from Joe Perry himself. Audio / Audio Hardware Reviews / Reviews. House of Marley Uplift 2 review: Wireless earphones with good value and neutral sound. The High Court in Catalonia orders Google to delete independence vote app. Research claims Samsung expected to cash in through iPhone X sales. Techaeris was founded in 2013 by Alex Hernandez and covers a spectrum of information related to technology, gaming, entertainment, science, art, photography and life. The mission of Techaeris is to offer honest reporting, unique stories, news coverage, product information and reviews, as well as social interaction with our readers. We strive to remain objective and open minded about technology and label opinion pieces as such. We’re glad you’ve decided to stop by and have a read. We hope you stay, invite some friends, and come back again and again!. Audio / Audio Hardware Reviews / Reviews / Top Picks. Monolith M1060 review: Perfect sounding planar magnetic over-ear headphones with large drivers. The Monoprice Monolith M1060 Planar headphones definitely offer a fantastic and detailed soundstage with.... Stranger Things Season 3 looking to cast 3 new recurring characters. Any ideas who you'd like to see cast in these roles?. Huawei unveils their new MateBook X Pro and MediaPad M5 at MWC2018. The Huawei MateBook X Pro is an ultra-slim, full-featured 13.9-inch notebook with an all-new.... Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ focus mostly on camera improvements. The Galaxy S9 and S9+ will be available starting on March 16 in Midnight.... Tapping into the full power of multi-function devices is crucial for SMBs in the knowledge economy. Software and apps are transforming printers and copiers into modern day Workplace Assistants, to.... About Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder ZTE Max XL. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. ZTE Max XL smartphone was launched in April 2017. The phone comes with a 6.00-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels. The ZTE Max XL is powered by 1.4GHz octa-core Snapdragon 435 processor and it comes with 2GB of RAM. The phone packs 16GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the ZTE Max XL packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The ZTE Max XL runs Android 7.1.1 and is powered by a 3990mAh non removable battery. It measures 165.10 x 83.82 x 9.30 (height x width x thickness). The ZTE Max XL is a single SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi and Bluetooth.. ZTE Max XL With Android 7.1.1 Nougat, 3990mAh Battery Launched. More ZTE mobiles ZTE mobiles price in India. Release date April 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 165.10 x 83.82 x 9.30 Battery capacity (mAh) 3990 Removable battery No. Screen size (inches) 6.00 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels. Processor 1.4GHz octa-core Processor make Snapdragon 435 RAM 2GB Internal storage 16GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash Yes Front camera 5-megapixel. Wi-Fi Yes GPS No Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC No Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 1 SIM 1 3G No 4G/ LTE No Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor No Accelerometer No Ambient light sensor No Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for ZTE Max XL. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. ZTE Max XL With Android 7.1.1 Nougat, 3990mAh Battery Launched. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Blade V9 ZTE Blade A3 ZTE Axon M ZTE Nubia Z17 miniS ZTE Nubia Z17S ZTE Blade A2S ZTE Nubia Z17 Lite ZTE Blade V7 Plus ZTE Small Fresh 5 ZTE Nubia M2 Play ZTE V870 ZTE Nubia Z17 ZTE Blade X Max ZTE Blade Max 3 ZTE Nubia Z17 mini ZTE Nubia N2 ZTE Nubia M2 Lite ZTE Nubia M2 ZTE Nubia N1 lite ZTE Blade V8 Lite ZTE Blade V8 Mini ZTE Blade A2 Plus ZTE Hawkeye ZTE Blade V8 ZTE Blade V8 Pro ZTE CYMBAL-T ZTE Axon 7 Max. Zte Zmax Pro Razer Phone vs. Google Pixel 2 Xl vs. Samsung Galaxy S8 Zte Max Xl vs. Panasonic Eluga Ray Max vs. Motorola Moto G5 Plus Meizu E2 vs. Zte Max Xl Zte Max Xl vs. Zte Axon 7 Zte Max Xl vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Zte Max Xl vs. Huawei Nova Lite Zte Max Xl vs. Lenovo Z2 Plus Zte Max Xl vs. Xolo Era X Zte Blade X Max vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Rear Cameras, Curved Glass Design Launched. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics ZTE Max XL in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. Category Apple Watch Apple MacBook Batteries Bluetooth Cables Cases Chargers Cool Gadgets Displays Drones Hands-Free Holders Memory Packaging Pouches Repair Parts Repair Tools Screen Cleaning Screen Protectors Smart Home Speakers Stylus Pens Tempered Glass Universal Device Top Models Apple iPhone SE Apple iPhone 6S Apple iPhone 6S Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone 8 Apple iPhone 8 Plus Apple iPhone X Google Pixel 2 Google Pixel 2 XL LG G6 Motorola Moto E4 Motorola Moto Z Force Motorola Moto Z Play Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Prime / J7 Perx Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy S9 Samsung Galaxy S9+ Brands Carriers. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) / J7 Prime / J7 Perx. 1 of. Spigen Glas.tR Nano Liquid Screen Protector - Clear - Retail Packaged. SPIGEN PRODUCTS CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Full Covered Edge to Edge - 0.33mm Tempered Glass Screen Protecto... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 Full Coverage Tempered Glass Screen Protector/Black. PureGear Liquid Glass + Pure Pledge Program - Retail Packaged. PUREGEAR PRODUCTS CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. Slick Gadget Titanium Armor+ Invisible Liquid Screen Protector - $100 Screen Repair Warranty. Slick Gadget Titanium Armor+ Invisible Liquid Screen Protector - Bulk / Bundle Kit Only - No Warranty. Slick Gadget Titanium Armor+ Invisible Liquid Screen Protector - Full Screen Repair Warranty. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Armor Hybrid Heavy Duty Cover with Kickstand (ZV Blister Packagin... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Armor Hybrid Heavy Duty Cover with Kickstand (ZV Blister Packagin... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Armor Hybrid Heavy Duty Cover with Kickstand (ZV Blister Packagin... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Armor Hybrid Heavy Duty Cover with Kickstand (ZV Blister Packagin... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Zizo FLUX Hybrid Case w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Retail ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Zizo FLUX Hybrid Case w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Retail ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Zizo FLUX Hybrid Case w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Retail ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Zizo FLUX Hybrid Case w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Retail ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Zizo FLUX Hybrid Case w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Retail ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue- Zizo FLUX Hybrid Case w/ Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Retail P... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - BOLT Cover w/ Kickstand, Holster, Tempered Glass Screen Protector... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Avid Trio / Prestige / Sonata 3 - Zizo ION Single Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Customized Tempered Glass Screen Protec... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Pr... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Pr... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Pro... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Pro... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Pro... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Zizo ION Triple Layered Hybrid Cover w/ Tempered Glass Screen Pro... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Black / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Black / Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Blue Leather. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Hot Pink / Purple. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Blade Z Max / Sequoia - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Pink Leather. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Rubberized Dual Layered Star Diamond Pattern with Silicon Hybrid... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Beach Design Wallet Flap Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Pack... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Black Slide Out Pocket Wallet Pouch in ZV Blister Packaging. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Blue Slide Out Pocket Wallet Pouch in ZV Blister Packaging. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Colorful Feathers Design Wallet Flap Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Colorful Leaves Design Wallet Flap Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Bl... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Dynite by CLICK CASE Heavy Duty TPU Cover with Full Glass Tempere... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Dynite by CLICK CASE Heavy Duty TPU Cover with Full Glass Tempere... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Dynite by CLICK CASE Heavy Duty TPU Cover with Full Glass Tempere... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Dynite by CLICK CASE Heavy Duty TPU Cover with Full Glass Tempere... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Dynite by CLICK CASE Heavy Duty TPU Cover with Full Glass Tempere... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Black... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Black... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Blue ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Hot P... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Flap Wallet Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister Packaging - Pink ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Full Diamond Flap Pouch with Credit Card Pockets in ZV Blister Pa... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Full Diamond Flap Pouch with Credit Card Pockets in ZV Blister Pa... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Full Diamond Flap Pouch with Credit Card Pockets in ZV Blister Pa... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - But... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - Donuts. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - Hearts. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - Mul... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - Pin... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Glitter Star Case w/ Liquid Glitter in ZV Blister Packaging - Spr... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Hot Pink Slide Out Pocket Wallet Pouch in ZV Blister Packaging. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Hybrid Transformer Cover w/ Kickstand and UV Coated PC/TPU Layers... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - METALLIC HYBRID Cover with Credit Card Slots in ZV Blister Packag... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - METALLIC HYBRID Cover with Credit Card Slots in ZV Blister Packag... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - METALLIC HYBRID Cover with Credit Card Slots in ZV Blister Packag... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - METALLIC HYBRID Cover with Credit Card Slots in ZV Blister Packag... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - METALLIC HYBRID Cover with Credit Card Slots in ZV Blister Packag... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - METALLIC HYBRID Cover with Credit Card Slots in ZV Blister Packag... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Owl Love Design Wallet Flap Pouch with TPU Inside in ZV Blister P... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Purple Slide Out Pocket Wallet Pouch in ZV Blister Packaging. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Purple/Silver Vines Design Wallet Flap Pouch with TPU Inside in Z... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Rubberized Dual Layered Star Diamond Pattern with Silicon Hybrid ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Rubberized Dual Layered Star Diamond Pattern with Silicon Hybrid ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Rubberized Dual Layered Star Diamond Pattern with Silicon Hybrid ... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - TPU Cover in ZV Blister Packaging - Black. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - TPU Cover in ZV Blister Packaging - Hot Pink. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - TPU Cover in ZV Blister Packaging - Purple. ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - UCASE Hybrid PC & Silicon w/ Kickstand in ZV Blister Packagin... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - UCASE Hybrid PC & Silicon w/ Kickstand in ZV Blister Packagin... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - UCASE Hybrid PC & Silicon w/ Kickstand in ZV Blister Packagin... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - UCASE Hybrid PC & Silicon w/ Kickstand in ZV Blister Packagin... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - UCASE Hybrid PC & Silicon w/ Kickstand in ZV Blister Packagin... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - UCASE Hybrid PC & Silicon w/ Kickstand in ZV Blister Packagin... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - UCASE Hybrid PC & Silicon w/ Kickstand in ZV Blister Packagin... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Vibrant Butterflies Design Wallet Flap Pouch with TPU Inside in Z... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. ZTE Max XL / Blade X Max / Blade Max 3 / Max Blue - Zizo Proton 2.0 Heavy Duty Case, Military Grade Drop Tested - Bla... ZIZO ACCESSORIES CANNOT BE SOLD TO ONLINE RESELLERS. 1 of. Have a Question? We can help,live chat now!. Enter Email to receive info on new arrivals, promotions and other cool happenings.. Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy © 2018 MyCoolCell, LLC. 
Access helpful information, user guides, tutorials and videos for your device.. I forgot my username or password .. I forgot my username or password .. Sign up for a My Sprint profile. Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Essential Franklin HTC Kyocera LG Motorola Samsung Slate Sonim Sprint ZTE. Find your phone by manufacturer :. Alcatel Apple BlackBerry Essential Franklin HTC Kyocera LG Motorola Samsung Slate Sonim Sprint ZTE. Samsung Galaxy S® 6 edge 32GB. You're seeing support specific to the. Total Equipment Protection Plus for smartphones gives you one-click access to a Tech Expert for premium support plus 25 GB backup for photos and videos. Complete setup by downloading the Tech Expert app from your app store. Advanced Protection Pack for tablets provides virus protection, the ability to secure and locate your device and back up your files. Download and install the Advanced Device Protect app to ensure you’re protected.. Your mobile device is your connection to the world and the gatekeeper to your personal data. Check out one of our comprehensive device protection solutions to secure, replace and repair your investment. All solutions provide coverage for loss, theft, physical damage and mechanical or electrical breakdown.. This is the hub for learning about your device whether you're getting started, want to learn more or have a troubleshooting question.. Change the Roaming Guard Settings - ZTE MAX XL. Enable or Disable Device Protection - ZTE MAX XL. Activate the Device - ZTE MAX XL. Check for Software Updates - ZTE MAX XL. Download Previously Installed Applications - ZTE MAX XL. International Roaming Voice and Text Settings - ZTE MAX XL. Change the Account Synchronization Settings - ZTE MAX XL. FAQs related to text messaging on your device. Change the phone ringtone and notification sound on your device. Delete an individual message on your device. Enable/disable airplane mode on your device. Enable/disable mobile data on your device. Troubleshoot issues related to apps on your device. Troubleshoot issues related to Bluetooth on your device. Troubleshoot issues related to data connectivity on your device. User guides, programming instructions and software updates. Find and update the software version on your device. Sign up for Sprint offers and news.. © 2018 Sprint.com - All Rights Reserved. iPhone 8 LOGO: Activ. Fee: Up to $30/line. Phone Offer: : iPhone 8 64GB $699.99. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. Models with higher memory configurations may require a down payment. term, customer can continue to pay monthly lease amount, purchase or return the device. Customer is responsible for insurance and repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. 2-for-1 iPhone 8: Reqs eligible plan. Credits end at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first. Higher memory configurations, and iPhone 8+ will receive the same mo. credit amount & will not be $0/mo. iPhone X offer: Credits end at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first. iPhone Forever: Does not guarantee mo. payment amount, phone selection, or svc. Upgrade after 12 payments as long as lease & early upgrade offered. active line thru time of upgrade with min. plan payments, new phone Lease Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. same generation model iPhone; must be next generation iPhone. Other Terms: Offer/coverage not avail. See store or sprint.com for details.. moto e4 one-phone offer: Limited time offer. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. term, customer can continue to pay mo. Customer is responsible for insurance & repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgr., whichever occurs first. Other Terms: Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. May not be combined with other offers. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. See store or sprint.com for details. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.. Tablet Offer: Limited time only.Â. & off set with bill credit. Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first.Â. May not be combinable with other tablet offers. Requires activation at point of sale. Available to new and existing customers who have an active Sprint wireless phone line. qualifying data plan and new activation. Only 1 Tablet Offer per account during this offer. active smartphone line and is not limited to 1 free tablet.Â. installment agmt., 0% APR & qualifying device & svc. Down pymt., unfinanced portion & sales tax (on full purch. If you cancel wireless svc., remaining balance on device becomes due.Â. Free overnight shipping ($14.95) value: Next day shipping is available Monday-Friday if you place your order by 4PM EDT time (excludes holidays). If you place your order after that time, on the weekend or a holiday, we'll ship it to you on the next business day.. Galaxy Forever: Does not guarantee monthly payment amount, phone selection, or service plan rates. Upgrade after 12 payment as long as lease and early upgrades offered. active line thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive monthly service plan payments, new phone Lease Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. Upgrade does not include same generation model Galaxy, must be next generation Galaxy.. iPhone LOGO: Offer is for a limited time only. Phone Offer: iPhone 7 32GB $549.99. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. Models with higher memory configurations may require a down payment. term, customer can continue to pay monthly lease amount, purchase or return the device. Customer is responsible for insurance and repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. leases on iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus. Higher memory configurations and iPhone 7 Plus for second iPhone will receive $22.92/mo. service credit and will not be $0/mo. Credit ends at end of term, early payoff or upgr., whichever occurs first. Both devices must be acquired/returned in same transaction. iPhone Forever: Does not guarantee monthly payment amount, phone selection, or service plan rates. Upgrade after 12 payment as long as lease and early upgrades offered. active line thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive monthly service plan payments, new phone Lease Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. Upgrade does not include same generation model iPhone; must be next generation iPhone. Other Terms: Offer/coverage not avail. See store or sprint.com for details. Samsung 50% off lease offer: Offer is for a limited time only. Phone Offer: Samsung Galaxy Note8 SRP $949.99; Samsung Galaxy S8 (64GB) SRP $ 750. Samsung Galaxy S8+ (64GB) SRP $850; Samsung Galaxy S8 Active SRP $850. Samsung Galaxy Credits: end at end of term, early payoff or upgrade, whichever occurs first. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. term, customer can continue to pay mo. Customer is responsible for insurance & repairs. Early termination of lease/svc.: Remaining lease pymt. Galaxy Forever: Does not guarantee monthly payment amount, phone selection, or service plan rates. Upgrade after 12 payment as long as lease and early upgrades offered. active line thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive monthly service plan payments, new phone Lease Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. Upgrade does not include same generation model Galaxy, must be next generation Galaxy. Other Terms: Offer/coverage not avail. See store or sprint.com for details. Pre-Owned Phones: Limited time offer. Available in select locations only, while supplies last. new line activation on qualifying data plan. Pre-Owned devices have normal wear and tear and signs of use. Limited 90 Day Replacement Warranty: Provides replacement coverage for eligible phones due to mechanical or electrical failure with valid warranty claim and phone return via claim shipping process. Replacement phone may be different brand, model, and/or color or contain non-original manufacturer parts. See sprint.com/preowned for limited warranty details or call 1-844-834-5579. Other Terms: Offer/coverage not avail. See store or sprint.com for details. Sprint & logo are trademarks of Sprint. Other marks are property of their respective owners.. Sprint Deals: Limited time offer. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. term, customer can continue to pay mo. Customer is responsible for insurance & repairs. Early termination of lease/svc.: Remaining lease pymt. active line thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive monthly service plan payments, & add-on if required, new phone Lease, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled lease payments are waived. Add-on must be added within 30 days of purchase. May not be combinable with other offers. See store or sprint.com for details. Moto Insta-Share Projector Mod: Lease a new moto z2 force edition 7/25/17-10/12/17 and receive a free Moto Insta-Share Projector by mail. Limit one Moto Insta-Share Projector per moto z2 force edition purchased. Redemption is available online only and while supplies last. May not be combined with any other Motorola promotional offers. Offer subject to additional Terms and Conditions. See https://www.motorola.com/us/specials/offers for details. Other Terms: Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. May not be combined with other offers. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. See store or sprint.com for details. Sprint & logo are trademarks of Sprint. Other marks are property of their respective owners.. Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. Models with higher memory configurations may require a down payment. term, customer can continue to pay monthly lease amount, purchase or return the device. Customer is responsible for insurance and repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. Other Terms: Offers and coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. See store or sprint.com for details.. installment agreement, 0% APR, & qualifying device & service plan. Models with higher memory configurations may require a down payment. Monthly payment terms and down payment for all others will vary. Down payment, unfinanced portion and sales tax (on full purchase price) due at purchase. Early termination of 24-Month Installments/Service: If you cancel wireless service, remaining balance on device becomes due. Early Upgrade for 24-Month Installments: Req. active add-on thru time of upgrade with min. 12 consecutive payments of both the buy up and an installment agreement for devices, new phone Installment Agreement, acct. in good standing, & give back of current eligible device in good & functional condition. After upgrade, remaining unbilled installment payments for giveback device are waived. iPhone Forever: Limited time offers. Monthly lease payments exclude taxes (varies by area). Terms for all other customers will vary including amount due at signing & taxes/fees. Upon completion of lease term, customer can continue to pay monthly lease amount, purchase, return, or trade-in the device. Must remain on qualifying service plan and in good standing for duration of lease. Customer is responsible for insurance and repairs. Early termination of lease/service: Remaining lease payments will be due immediately, and requires device return or payment of purchase option device price in lease. iPhone Forever: Applies to upgrade on lease. Does not guarantee monthly payment amount, phone selection, or service plan rates. Upgrade does not include same generation model iPhone. Models with higher configurations may require an additional one-time capital cost reduction payment due at signing. Contract buy out offer: Amount based on ETF (early termination fee) charged or remaining phone balance. port from other carrier to Sprint; remain active; in good standing for 30 days before card issuance & buyback of working phone tied to offer. Phone must be deactivated & all personal data deleted. Register & submit final bill w/ ETF or phone balance within 60 days of switching at sprint.com/joinsprint. Allow 15 days after registration approval for Prepaid Card arrival. Excludes discounted phones, 100+ Corporate-liable, prepaid & ports made between Sprint or related entities. ÃPrepaid card: is issued by MetaBankÂ¨, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. No cash access or recurring payments. Can be used everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. Card and funds expires after 6 months. Card terms and conditions apply, see www.SprintPrepaidCard.com.. Early Termination Fee (sprint.com/etf): After 14 days, up to $350/line. Upgrade: See rebate form or sprint.com/upgrades for details. Other Terms: Offers and coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. See store or sprint.com for details.. Sprint Unlimited Freedom plan: *** *Mo. USF charge of up to 19.5% (varies quarterly), up to $2.50 Admin. /line/mo.) & fees by area (approx. Savings compared to unlimited rates for 4 lines as of 5/15/17. Sprint Unlimited Freedom Plan: Incl. unlimited domestic calling, texting & data & 10GB of high-speed Mobile Hotspot, VPN & P2P. discount you must remain enrolled in AutoPay. (QoS): Customers who use more than 23GB of data during a billing cycle will be deprioritized during times & places where the Sprint network is constrained. Usage Limitations: To improve data experience for the majority of users, throughput may be limited, varied or reduced on the network. if off-network roaming usage in a mo. or a majority of min.; or (2) 100MB or a majority of KB. Prohibited network use rules applyâsee sprint.com/termsandconditions. Other Terms: Offer/coverage not avail. See store or sprint.com for details. Our protection plans must be added within 30 days of activating your device. Claim based on Sprint's analysis of average LTE download speeds using Nielsen NMP data (Feb. Actual download speeds may vary by location and device capability.. Other terms: Offers & coverage not available everywhere or for all phones/networks. May not be combined with other offers. Sprint reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time. See store or sprint.com for details. Sprint and the logo are trademarks of Sprint. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.. Service Credit Offer: Available for handset line activations 11/4-11/6. Req valid port from competitor active wireless line to customer account for $100 credit or add-a-line to an existing account (no port required) for $50 credit. Line must be active for 31 days. Service credit will appear on second or third invoice Excludes discounted phones, 100+ Corporate-liable, prepaid and ports made between Sprint or related entities. Other Terms: Offers and coverage not available everywhere or for all devices/networks. Sprint and the logo are trademarks of Sprint. Other marks are the property of their respective owners.. 
Getting Started Introduction Set Up Your Phone Parts and Functions Charge the Battery nano-SIM Card SD Card Insert an SD Card Remove an SD Card Format an SD Card Use an SD Card as Internal Storage Turn Your Phone On and Off Use the Touchscreen Activate Your Phone Complete the Setup Screens Basic Operations Basics Home Screen and Applications (Apps) List Phone Settings Menu Portrait and Landscape Screen Orientation Capture Screenshots Applications Launch Applications Apps List Phone Number Silent/Vibration Mode Do Not Disturb Mode Airplane Mode Enter Text Touchscreen Keyboards Google Keyboard TouchPal Keyboard Google Voice Typing Tips for Editing Text Google Account Create a Google Account Sign In to Your Google Account Google Play Store Find and Install an App Request a Refund for a Paid App Update an App Uninstall an App Get Help with Google Play Lock and Unlock Your Screen Update Your Phone Update Your Phone Software Update Your Profile Update Your PRL Your Phone's Home Screen Home Screen Basics Home Screen Layout Extended Home Screens Status Bar and Notification Panel Status Bar Notification Panel Customize the Home Screen Change the Wallpaper Change the Theme Add Shortcuts to the Home Screen Add Widgets to the Home Screen Add Folders to the Home Screen Making Connections Phone Calls and Voicemail Place and Answer Calls Call Using the Phone Dialer Call Emergency Numbers Answer Phone Calls In-Call Screen Layout and Operations Place a Call from Contacts Call from Call Log Voicemail Voicemail Setup Visual Voicemail Setup Review Visual Voicemail Visual Voicemail Options Configure Visual Voicemail Settings Optional Calling Services Wi-Fi Calling Caller ID Blocking Call Waiting Conference Calling Phone App Settings Contacts Add a Contact View Contacts Contacts Screen Layout Edit a Contact Delete a Contact Share a Contact Import Contacts Back Up Contacts Messaging Text and Multimedia Messaging Send a Text Message Send a Multimedia Message (MMS) Save and Resume a Draft Message New Messages Notification Manage Message Conversations Text and MMS Options Gmail Create and Send a Gmail Message Open Gmail Messages Use Gmail Labels Archive Gmail Threads Mute Gmail Threads Delete Gmail Threads Search Gmail Messages Report Spam Gmail Add Another Google (Gmail) Account Switching between Gmail Accounts Email Set Up an Email Account Add an Email Account Add an Exchange ActiveSync Account Create and Send an Email Message Open Email Messages Delete an Email Account Manage Your Email Inbox Exchange ActiveSync Email Features Internet and Social Networking Data Services General Information (4G LTE and 3G Networks) 4G LTE Your User Name Data Connection Status and Indicators Browser Use the Browser Add a Bookmark View Browser History Open New Browser Tabs Browser Settings Chrome Browser Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Global Services Activate Sprint Worldwide Service on Your Account Your Phoneâs nano-SIM Card for International GSM Roaming Enable Global Roaming Mode Set the Communications Method for Global Use Make and Receive Worldwide Calls Sprint International Voicemail Service Set Up Your Voicemail Access Number for International Use Access Your Voicemail Internationally International Data Roaming Access Email and Data Services Internationally Contact Sprint for Assistance with International Service Connectivity Transfer Files between Your Phone and a Computer Wi-Fi Turn Wi-Fi On and Connect to a Wireless Network Wi-Fi Settings Disconnect Wi-Fi Wi-Fi Direct Hotspot Tethering Bluetooth Enable the Bluetooth Feature Pair Bluetooth Devices Connect to a Paired Bluetooth Device Send Information Using Bluetooth Receive Information via Bluetooth Apps and Entertainment Camera and Video Camera Overview Take Pictures and Record Videos Take a Picture Record Videos View Pictures and Videos Using Gallery Edit Pictures Share Pictures and Videos Send Pictures or Videos by Email Send a Picture or Video by Multimedia Message Send Pictures or Videos Using Bluetooth Share Pictures or Videos via Additional Apps or Social Media Share Videos on YouTube Camera Settings Switch Cameras Set Camera Functions Productivity Calendar Add an Event to the Calendar View Calendar Events Sync Calendars Synchronize an Exchange ActiveSync Calendar Google Maps Google Search Use Google Search Use Google Voice Search Calculator Clock Set Alarms Additional Clock Features File Manager Entertainment and Activities Google Play Music App Play Music with Google Play Google Play Music Screen Layout Create Playlists in Google Play Music Music Player Listen to Music Using the Music Player The Playback Screen Create a Playlist Manage Playlists Manage Songs in a Playlist Set a Song as Ringtone Sound Recorder Dolby Audio YouTube My Sprint Mobile NASCAR MOBILE Settings Connections Settings Basic Settings Wi-Fi Settings Menu Wi-Fi Calling Settings Bluetooth Settings Mobile Network Settings Hotspot Settings Data Usage Settings More Settings Airplane Mode Settings USB Tethering Bluetooth Tethering Virtual Private Networks (VPN) Prepare Your Phone for VPN Connection Set Up Secure Credential Storage Add a VPN Connection Connect to or Disconnect from a VPN Network Settings Reset Device Settings Display Settings Notifications Settings Sound Settings Apps Settings Storage Settings Battery Settings Memory Setting Users Settings Call Settings Connect to PC Settings Personal Settings Location Settings Security Settings Screen Lock Settings Screen Lock Disable the Screen Lock Fingerprint Settings Accounts Settings Set Up a New Account Manage Existing Accounts Languages & Input Settings Navigation Key Setting Backup & Reset System Settings Date & Time Settings Accessibility Settings Printing Connect Your Printer to Your Google Account Use Cloud Print on Your Phone System Updates About Phone Getting Help For Assistance Troubleshooting Sprint Account Information and Help Sprint Account Passwords Manage Your Account Sprint Support Services Copyright Information How to Use this Guide. Use an SD Card as Internal Storage Set Up the SD Card as Internal Storage From home, tap Apps > Settings. Tap the SD card name below Portable storage. Tap Format as internal , and then tap Erase & format to confirm. The phone will prompt you to move your photos, files and other data from the phone storage to the SD card. Tap Move now or Move later and tap Next. Follow the onscreen instructions to continue. Move Data between Internal Storage and the SD Card From home, tap Apps > Settings. Below Device storage , tap Internal shared storage or the SD card name. If you want to move data and files from the phone to the SD card, tap the SD card name. If you want to move data and files from the SD card to the phone, tap Internal shared storage. Tap Migrate data > Move. Existing app data and personal files are moved to the destination storage. The destination is used to save new apps data and personal data (such as photos and videos) and only the destination is accessible from a computer. Unmount the SD Card as Internal Storage From home, tap Apps > Settings. Tap the SD card name below Device storage. Tap Remove SD card > Eject. Reformat SD Card as Portable Storage From home, tap Apps > Settings. Tap the SD card name below Device storage. The SD card is formatted and mounted to the phone as portable storage. SD Card Insert an SD Card Remove an SD Card Format an SD Card Use an SD Card as Internal Storage. You are here: Getting Started > Set Up Your Phone > SD Card > Use an SD Card as Internal Storage. You can use an optional SD card as an extension of the internal storage and save data and media files on it. This requires formatting that erases all data on the card and after that the card will only work in this phone. If you move the SD card to another device, it needs to be formatted before it can be used.. CAUTION! As part of the internal storage, the SD card may have data on it that is necessary for some apps to function normally. Therefore, do not remove or replace the card randomly.. Before using the SD card as internal storage, you need to set the card up.. Note : If you move files and data to the SD card, it will be used to save new apps data and personal data (such as photos and videos) and only the SD card is accessible from a computer. If you choose not to move, new apps data and personal data is saved to the phone storage and the SD card is not accessible from a computer.. While you can choose the save location for data and files when setting up the SD card as internal storage, you can also move the files and data between the SD card and the phone any time afterwards.. While the SD card is used as internal storage, you can still unmount the card while the phone is on.. Note : Move data and personal files to the phone storage as instructed above before ejecting the card. Otherwise some apps and files may not be accessible or usable until you mount the card again.. If you no longer want to use your SD card as internal storage, you can reformat the card as portable storage.. Note : Move data and apps to the phone storage as instructed above before formatting the card. Otherwise some apps and files may be permanently lost.. 
