JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Phones More Products Support Blog Forum Store. Phones More Products Support Blog Forum Store. $199.98 139.98 * with free case + free shipping. With a 13MP dual-lens rear camera and long-lasting battery, Blade V8 Pro sets a new standard for affordable smartphones.. Two lenses deliver double the beauty. A first among unlocked smartphones in its class, Blade V8 Pro features an innovative 13MP + 13MP dual-lens camera that supports blazing fast shutter speeds and delivers exceptional depth of field, giving you the power to add beautiful bokeh effects to your photos. Choose between 7 levels of brightness via the dual LED flash. Adjust focus and aperture before or after you shoot. Use Blade V8 Pro's sophisticated image editing software to give your photos the perfect look. The power to help you do it all, all day long. Blade V8 Pro's long lasting 3140 mAh battery delivers all day power, and is optimized for energy efficiency. And with Qualcomm ® Quick Charge ™ 2.0, recharging your battery takes a fraction of the time it used to.. Powered by the Qualcomm ® Snapdragon ™ 625 processor with X9 LTE and Android ™ M, Blade V8 Pro is built to seamlessly run all of your favorite apps, and more.. Control who sees your photos, apps and private information with Blade V8 Pro's responsive fingerprint sensor, engineered to recognize multiple user profiles.. Enjoy booming audio playback with Dolby ® Audio support and a dedicated HiFi audio chipset.. Constructed from durable Corning ® Gorilla ® Glass Generation 3, Blade V8 Pro features a vibrant 5.5" Full HD display that brings your favorite content to life in rich detail, and is built to withstand the rigors of everyday life.. A Dual-SIM slot makes international travel effortless when switching between carriers. When not abroad, Blade V8 Pro's second SIM slot supports up to 128GB of additional expandable memory, alongside 3GB of RAM and 32GB ROM pre-installed.. SIM 2: Nano (4FF), which also supports microSD™ expansion up to 128 GB when not in use for additional SIM. 5.5" FHD with 2.5D Corning ® Gorilla ® Glass 3, PPI 401. 13 MP + 13 MP Dual Camera with Dual Flash. Capture mode: Rear: Auto mode / Filter / Continuous Shot / face detection / Live photo / Auto HDR / Manual mode (include interval capture) / Panorama / Sport mode / Multi-exposure / Dual camera mode (Bokeh / MonoColor / MonoChrome mode / Ultra-HD mode) / PDAF Front: Auto mode / Selfie / Beautify / Smile detection. Video mode: Auto mode / Slow Motion (720P 120 fps) / Time Lapse. Formats: H264 Resolution: back sensor (4k / 1080p / 720p / 640*480); Record Framerates: auto mode (30 fps in normal scene / 10 fps in night scene). 2.0GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm® Snapdragon 625 with integrated Qualcomm® Adreno™ 506 GPU. 3 GB RAM + 32 GB ROM. MicroSD card expandable memory up to 128 GB. MP3, AAC, AAC+v1, AAC+v2, IMY, MIDI, Ogg, AMR-WB, AMR-NB, APE, WAV. Voice Record Format 3gpp Speakerphone (handfree) Yes Functions Mute in call / Speed Dial / Voice record (bidirectional) / DTMF / Swith to Bluetooth / LoudSpeaker. Predictive Text Entry: Yes Side Keys: Volume on Right/Lock on Right Touch Screen: Yes (Capacitive) Fingerprint: Yes. - 4 to 140°F（-20 to 60°C）. Ringer ID: Yes Voice Dialing: Yes Real-Music Ringers: Yes. Qualcomm and Snapdragon are trademarks of Qualcomm Incorporated, registered in the United States and other countries. Quick Charge is a trademark of Qualcomm Incorporated. Qualcomm Snapdragon and Qualcomm Quick Charge are products of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.. Be the first to learn about our newest items, promotions and events.. © 1998 - 2017 ZTE Corporation and ZTE USA. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. Cell Phones & Accessories Carrier Phones Unlocked Phones Prime Exclusive Phones Accessories Cases Wearable Technology Best Sellers Deals Trade-In All Electronics. ZTE 5.5" Blade V8 Pro Fac.... has been added to your Cart. Add a Carrier SIM Card for Service Activation:. T-Mobile SIM Starter Kit with Adapter. Cricket BYOD 2.0 Wireless 3-in-1 SIM Card Kit - Pr... 1-Click ordering is not available for this item.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Please enter a valid US zip code.. Shipping to a APO/FPO/DPO? Please add the address to your address book. Make sure you include the unit and box numbers (if assigned).. Get up to a $3.80 Gift Card.. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. & FREE Shipping on eligible orders. ZTE 5.5" Blade V8 Pro Factory Unlocked Phone - Black Diamond. This item at this price, sold by Amazon.com, is currently reserved exclusively for Prime members. Prime free trial and invitee customers: We will automatically apply an Amazon.com Gift Card to your Gift Card Balance in the amount equal to the Prime exclusive discount after you become a paid Prime member. If you cancel your paid Prime membership or return the qualifying smartphone within the first 3 months of your paid Prime membership, we may void your Gift Card or charge you in the amount of the Gift Card. Terms and Conditions apply.. Sold by Maxproductsales (Tax Free Except NJ) and Fulfilled by Amazon .. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is a service we offer sellers that lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, and provide customer service for these products. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.. If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you increase your sales. learn more about Fulfillment by Amazon. 5.5 display with FHD (1080 X1920) - 2.5D Gorilla glass 3,. Dual-lens rear Camera - 13mp+13mp AF front - 8MP FF. 3140 mAh with Qualcomm quick charge. These items are shipped from and sold by different sellers. This item: ZTE 5.5" Blade V8 Pro Factory Unlocked Phone - Black Diamond $139.85. Ships from and sold by Kanga Supply.. ZTE Protective Cell Phone Case - Black $12.99. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. Supershieldz for ZTE Blade V8 Pro Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [Full Screen Coverage] Anti… $6.99. Only 11 left in stock - order soon.. Sold by Supershieldz and ships from Amazon Fulfillment.. FREE Shipping on orders over $25. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who viewed this item also viewed. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. ZTE Protective Cell Phone Case - Black. Supershieldz for ZTE Blade V8 Pro Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [Full Screen Coverage] Anti-Scratch, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty (Black). Zte Blade Spark Unlocked 4G LTE Fingerprint Reader 5.5 inch 13mp Flash 16GB Quad Core Unlocked Z971 Desbloqueado. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Case,ZTE Z978 Case,Mustaner Shock-Absorption Flexible TPU Rubber Soft Silicone Full-body Protective Cover for Zte V8 Pro(Gray). [2-Pack] Supershieldz for ZTE Blade V8 Pro Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [Full Screen Coverage] Anti-Scratch, Bubble Free (Black). ZTE Blade V8 Pro Case, TopACE Ultra Thin Soft Gel TPU Silicone Case Cover for ZTE Blade V8 Pro (White). This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Customers who bought this item also bought. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. ZTE Protective Cell Phone Case - Black. Supershieldz for ZTE Blade V8 Pro Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [Full Screen Coverage] Anti-Scratch, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty (Black). [2-Pack] Supershieldz for ZTE Blade V8 Pro Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [Full Screen Coverage] Anti-Scratch, Bubble Free (Black). ZTE Blade V8 Pro Case,ZTE Z978 Case,Mustaner Shock-Absorption Flexible TPU Rubber Soft Silicone Full-body Protective Cover for Zte V8 Pro(Gray). [2-PACK]-Mr Shield For ZTE Blade V8 Pro [Tempered Glass] [Full Cover] [Black] Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Screen Protector (6-Pack), TechLink Solutions UltraClear Screen Protector for ZTE Blade V8 Pro High Definition Anti-Bubble Shield. Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews. Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.. Don't see what you're looking for?. There was a problem completing your request. Please try your search again later.. Two Lenses Deliver Double The Beauty.. One of the firsts among unlocked smartphones in its class, Blade V8 Pro features an innovative 13MP + 13MP dual-lens camera that supports blazing fast shutter speeds and delivers exceptional depth of field, giving you the power to add beautiful bokeh effects to your photos.Choose between 7 levels of brightness via the dual LED flash.. The Power To Help You Do It All, All Day Long.. Blade V8 Pro's long lasting 3140 mAh battery delivers all day power, and is optimized for energy efficiency. And with Qualcomm QuickCharge 2.0, recharging your battery takes a fraction of the time it used to.. Powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor with X9 LTE and Android M, Blade V8 Pro is built to seamlessly run all of your favorite apps, and more.. Control who sees your photos, apps and private information with Blade V8 Pro's responsive fingerprint sensor, engineered to recognize multiple user profiles.. Enjoy booming audio playback with Dolby Audio support and a dedicated HiFi audio chipset.. Constructed from durable Corning Gorilla Glass Generation 3, Blade V8 Pro features a vibrant 5.5" Full HD display that brings your favorite content to life in rich detail, and is built to withstand the rigors of everyday life.. A Dual-SIM slot makes international travel effortless when switching between carriers.. When not abroad, Blade V8 Pro's second SIM slot supports up to 128GB of additional expandable memory, alongside 3GB of RAM and 32GB ROM pre-installed.. Best of PhoneScoop - CES 2017. 3.03 x 6.14 x 0.35 in. 2.73 x 0.32 x 5.61 in. 3.07 x 0.33 x 6.09 in. 2.95 x 5.97 x 0.31 in. 3 x 5.94 x 0.32 in. 5 x 9 x 6 in. Android 7.0 Nougat + EMUI 5.0. ZTE 5.5" Blade V8 Pro Factory Unlocked Phone - Black Diamond. LG Q6 - 32 GB - Unlocked (AT&T/T-Mobile) - Platinum - Prime Exclusive. LG X charge - 16 GB – Unlocked (AT&T/Sprint/T-Mobile) - Titanium - Prime Exclusive. ZTE Axon 7 Unlocked Smartphone,64GB Ion Gold (US Warranty). Huawei Honor 6X Dual Camera Unlocked Smartphone, 32GB Silver (US Warranty). ZTE Zmax 2 Z955A Factory Unlocked Smartphone, 5.5-Inch HD Display, 16 GB, 2GB RAM, 4G LTE, U.S. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro is an unlocked smartphone with ground breaking HiFi 2.0 audio playback, 13MP Dual lens camera, 3140 mAh battery with Qualcomm quick charge and 5.5" FHD display.. 6.1 x 3 x 0.3 inches. 12.6 ounces ( View shipping rates and policies ). #7,254 in Cell Phones & Accessories ( See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories ). #117 in Cell Phones & Accessories > Unlocked Cell Phones. Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please. If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support ?. Would you like to tell us about a lower price ?. 5 star 53% 4 star 18% 3 star 7% 2 star 5% 1 star 17%. Share your thoughts with other customers. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. 5.0 out of 5 stars Very pleased so far; Cricket-compatible, great camera, great price!. I'd never heard of ZTE but opted to go this route as a replacement for my much more expensive Samsung Galaxy S6 (very problematic with 3 warranty replacements in 12 months). The two features that swung me to the Blade were the price and the dual 13mp lenses and after a weekend playing around with it I am pleased. It is easily better than the Galaxy S6 at less than half the price. Early comments: - Photos are very crisp and I like the bokeh and imaging features so far. - Works perfectly on the Cricket network. - Fully-charged it has lasted a full day with normal use; when I plugged it in last night it had ~50% charge remaining. Fast charging is on par with the rapid charging I'm accustomed to (though I didn't time it...). Feedback on other reviews I read before purchasing: - Speaker volume was noted as weak by some but this has not been an issue for me, although I primarily use bluetooth headphones or speakers in lieu of using the phone speakers. - Crumbs getting in the texture on the back? I can't fathom how that would happen as the texture is mostly smooth. - I have no issues with a 15 minute timeout on Strava workouts or Spotify; I did adjust power settings to turn off any power saving settings for these apps; not sure if that helped but I'm not having issues regardless. Things to know: - The charger is a USB-C, not the micro USB that had been standard on Android, Kindle, etc. I missed this when I purchased it so will be picking up a couple of type C cords here on Amazon for the car and office. - You may need to get the case from ZTE (available for purchase from Amazon) as I couldn't find many after-market cases. - I didn't like the default keyboard at all as getting to special characters was a pain but it was easy to change keyboards.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars defective sound, great battery life, obsolete android version (6.0.1) and security patch (January 2017). 2/20/2018 Downgrading to lowest rating due to this issue: device started making screeching noises while playing music over bluetooth. I spoke with ZTE product support and they recommended a factory reset. In my mind, requiring a factory reset to resolve a sound issue is no "solution" at all. And sure enough, in February the problem resumed. Rather than do another factory reset, I'm giving up on the phone. I did find evidence of other users with the same problem, and I never found a real solution. I decided to replace the phone with a Nokia 6. --- I ordered this phone after tryng out the Moto G4 and Huawei Honor 8 phones. I returned the Moto G4 after I found out that it had an engineering flaw with the headphone jack. The Honor 8 went back after I got completely irritated with its version of the Android UI and the popping noises while playing back music. Pros: The ZTE Blade V8 Pro has none of the problems that the other two phones have. The headphone jack works fine, music sounds great through wired headphones or bluetooth devices. The UI is close to stock Android, and even has some nice improvements. For instance, a step count it optionally displayed on the lock screen. Music playback is very important to me. I'm not an audiophile, but I'm pretty picky about sound quality. I did turn off the default "volume levelling" setting in the Dolby settings, as they are not appropriate for listening to opera or classical music. I am an Android app developer and I can report that there are no issues developing, debugging, and troubleshooting apps on this device: Just enable developer mode. I was able to test my "EBT Music Player" application on this device without any issues. The app runs smoothly, with high-quality playback, and minimal battery consumption. I have a large music collection, that almost fills an entire 128 GB microsd card. This phone supports my 128 GB microsd card without issues. Note: if you use a microsd card you can only use a single (nano) sim. Battery life is good for me. For my light usage, I can get more than 48 hours. The final pro is that this phone is a very solid value. A lot of bang for the buck. Cons: The phone imposes some settings for non-Google apps that are intended to save battery. It's easy to do and there are instructions for doing this that are easy to find. After performing all updates, my divide is running Android 6.0.1, and the January 1, 2017 security patch. The Android version is obsolete, and it's concerning that the security patch is 6 months old. Given that this phone is otherwise very satisfactory, I'm prepared to overlook the obsolete software. After all, I was running out of mid-range Android phones to try out.. Was this review helpful to you?. 1.0 out of 5 stars Stay away from ZTE. I purchased this phone because of the excellent specifications. It worked fine for a month or so until an update made it unbearable. After the update many very common apps like Facebook, Twitter, and Amazon Music would either crash on startup, or once installed (Note even running) the phone become unresponsive for minutes at a time. ZTE made me wait for a ZTE update to fix it and when that did not work they made me pay to have the phone exchanged. The new phone had the exact same issues and when I asked for a refund they started ignoring me. I am proud that Amazon is willing to back up the products that it sells even if the manufacturer fails to do so when it is their responsibility. It makes me as a customer know that I can always feel confident to shop at Amazon knowing that they will do what is right.. Was this review helpful to you?. "I thought ZTE only made cheapo discount phones for budget carriers?" Apparently not anymore! Read more. 5.0 out of 5 stars Couldn't be happier. Great phone, battery last a long time and no bloatware. Camera is good takes great pics. Great value for the price this is my second ZTE phone the first one being the ZMAx 2... 5.0 out of 5 stars Great phone, battery last a long time and no .... Having problems with the microphone people only hear me when it's on speaker. 3.0 out of 5 stars Help.... I bought this phone for 130$ and by cursory usage I feel this was a great buy. The phone comes with a gorgeous 5.5inch Fhd display and a USB type C port. 4.0 out of 5 stars Very afforable and works fine too!. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. For the price it is an incredible phone so far. I wanted a phone to use for work only that I didn't have to worry so much about if it got broken. 5.0 out of 5 stars I'm impressed. When phone is 130.00 and has tech comparable to 500+phones. A little heavy and older Android 6.0. 4.0 out of 5 stars ZTE Bangs the Buck.00. Just a very good and reliable cell phone. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. 5.0 out of 5 stars Five Stars. After my Galaxy S4 died, I didn't want to pay the obscene amounts of money the top of the line phones cost these days. 5.0 out of 5 stars Great speed, reliability and battery life. Amazon Giveaway allows you to run promotional giveaways in order to create buzz, reward your audience, and attract new followers and customers. This item: ZTE 5.5" Blade V8 Pro Factory Unlocked Phone - Black Diamond. This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.. Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1. ZTE Z432 (AT&T Go Phone Clamshell) Prepaid and No Annual Contract. ZTE ZMAX PRO Z981 4G LTE 13MP Smartphone (Metro PCS/T-Mobile). New AT&T ZTE Maven 2 4G LTE with 8GB Memory Cell Phone - Dark Gray. ZTE BLADE Z MAX Z982 4G LTE Metropcs. ZTE VZW-Z839PP Blade Vantage 5" 16GB 1.1GHz 2GB Prepaid LTE Verizon Smartphone, Black. See and discover other items: zte smartphones. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. ZTE Blade V8 Pro review:. The Good The ZTE Blade V8 Pro has a long battery life, a fun camera with neat tricks and is cheap compared to other mid-range phones like this.. The Bad The phone is heavy, the fingerprint sensor needs more polish and the camera app has a tendency to quit out unexpectedly.. The Bottom Line The ZTE's Blade V8 Pro has long battery life and a budget price, but the Asus ZenFone 3 is simply better.. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Nice display but heavy to hold. If the ZTE Blade V8 Pro didn't have such a cheap price and a long-lasting battery, I guarantee you I would not remember this phone. Outside those two features, there wouldn't be much reason to buy it -- especially given its heavy design and slightly buggy performance.. So it's a good thing, then, that the phone is inexpensive enough at $230 unlocked (roughly converting to £190 and AU$300), and lasts long enough to make up for its forgettable presence. And its dual-camera setup, while not essential, has some nice editing tools that lets you have fun with your photos.. I like it much better than the LeEco Le S3 (which costs $20 more) because the Blade retains a headphone jack and NFC. It's also a worthy competitor to the Motorola Moto G4 Plus , save for the fact that the Moto has a water-friendly design and the Blade doesn't.. ZTE's Blade V8 Pro boasts a long-lasting battery. But the handset cannot outperform the Asus ZenFone 3 , which costs the same, is more stylish, has an even longer-lasting battery and is the superior device overall.. The Blade V8 Pro has a solid, sturdy build, and its metal trimmings is a nice added detail.. What I liked most about its design is its display. It has a 1,080-pixel resolution that is sharp and responsive. When I watched videos and swiped through my photos, images were bright and clear.. The handset isn't the slimmest phone around, however. At 6.5 ounces, it's heavy in the hand and you can definitely feel its weight in your pocket.. Its soft matte back cover also collects a lot of fingerprints and smudges that are difficult to wipe off, so don't handle the device after you've eaten chicken wings or something, lest you feel disgusted about your oily self.. While solidly built, the phone is also notably heavy.. The phone runs Android Marshmallow 6.0, which isn't the most recent version of the OS (that would go to Android Nougat). Also, there were times when I noticed the Blade V8 Pro was a bit buggy. For example, the camera would quit suddenly, the fingerprint sensor wouldn't be able to read my fingerprint right away during setup or there'd be a little screen glitch when flipping the device from portrait to landscape. None of these incidents were particularly frustrating (except the fingerprint setup) at the time, but over time I imagine they'd get annoying.. The handset's cameras (more on that later) worked quickly and took sharp photos. I was impressed by how it handled low-light environments too; when I took an image of an evening lake scene, the photo was relatively clear without too much graininess or digital artifacts. For more on image quality, check out the photos below. And be sure to click on each picture to see them at their full resolution.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Discuss ZTE Blade V8 Pro. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
The source for Tech Buying Advice. More Car Tech. Tech deals, prizes and latest news. An excellent budget smartphone has tough competition. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro is an excellent smartphone for the price. It’s bargain bin price gets you good battery life, decent dual-rear cameras and a near-stock Android experience. If you’re okay with having an older version of Android, the Blade V8 Pro is an excellent budget smartphone.. ZTE Blade V8 Pro price and release date Costs $229 and is US-exclusive Compatible with AT&T, T-Mobile and all GSM carriers But won’t work on CDMA: Sprint, Verizon and US Cellular Design Features a metal frame and rubberized back Rounded back and screen edges feel good in the hand Dual rear cameras and fingerprint sensor built in Screen Full HD resolution IPS LCD display looks good, but slightly dim outdoors 5.5-inch with 400 pixels per inch means you can’t see individual pixels Gorilla Glass 3 protects the display Specs and performance Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 is good for single-tasking 3GB of RAM is good enough for multitasking but processor isn’t 32GB of onboard storage with microSD expansion up to 256GB Dual-SIM great for travelers Interface and reliability Outdated Android 6.0 Marshmallow is stable Very few included apps and no carrier bloatware ZTE Android skin is inoffensive and adds some nice features Music, movies and games Noticeable quality and frame rate drops compared to flagship phones Down-firing speaker sounds tinny and are easy to block The phone includes normal 3.5mm headphone jack Full HD resolution and good looking screen is good for video Battery life 3,140mAh battery lasts all day Excellent standby battery life Outdated Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Camera Dual-rear 13MP cameras with phase detection autofocus, dual-LED flash Good looking photos but lacks dynamic range and low light performance Fun camera modes like multi exposure, time-lapse and slow-mo Verdict Who is this for? Should I buy it?. The flagship ZTE Axon 7 may get all the press and praise but the company’s budget phones shouldn’t be overlooked. ZTE proved just how much phone you can get for $129 with the ZMax Pro and now for $100 more, you can get the excellent ZTE Blade V8 Pro.. The ZTE Blade V8 proves just how much phone you can get for $229, just like the ZMax Pro did at the $129 level. So while ZTE Axon 7 may get all the press and praise, the company’s budget phones shouldn’t be overlooked.. Motorola’s excellent budget phones like the Moto G5 Plus and the Moto G4 also top our lists of best cheap smartphone in the US , giving ZTE a bit of stiff competition. It’s increasingly difficult to find a bad smartphone thanks to budget handsets like the Blade V8 Pro pushing the boundaries, which is good news for consumers.. While you won’t get the latest tech or fastest performance to stand up to the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus, budget phones like the ZTE Blade V8 Pro give you so much for so little money that it’s hard to fault them for well thought out compromises. But this also poses a problem for smartphone makers, as it's becoming increasingly difficult to differentiate their respective phones.. Can the ZTE Blade V8 Pro standout from the budget smartphone crowd? Let’s find out.. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro is a straightforward phone because you can only get it in one configuration. The phone is a US exclusive and it comes unlocked so it’ll work with networks like AT&T,T-Mobile and others, but won’t work with CDMA carriers like Sprint, Verizon or US Cellular.. The phone costs $229 and features a 5.5-inch full HD display which is powered by a Snapdragon 625. This is the same processor that powers the Motorola Moto G5 Plus, the Blade V8 Pro’s main rival.. ZTE has no plans to launch the Blade V8 Pro outside of the US.. The design of the ZTE Blade V8 Pro is understated to the point where it’s almost generic. That’s not a bad thing though, especially if you want a phone that doesn’t draw too much attention. The Blade’s body consists of an aluminum frame with chamfered edges with a rubberized black back with a diamond pattern.. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro measures 156 x 77 x 9.1mm (6.14 x 3.03 x 0.36in), which makes it a relatively compact phone with such a big screen. It’s not the thinnest phone in the world, but it feels good in the hand thanks to its rubber back and slight curves. It’s also not the lightest phone weighing in at 185g (6.53oz). For comparison, the Moto G5 Plus weighs 155g (5.47oz).. On the rear of the Blade you’ll find the dual 13MP cameras with dual-LED flash. These two cameras allow you to adjust your focus and aperture before or after you shoot, adding a bit of flexibility to your shots.. On the front of the device is the earpiece, 8MP selfie camera, capacitive buttons and a physical home/fingerprint reader button. The display is a 5.5-inch Full HD 1080p IPS LCD that features approximately 400 pixels per inch.. On the bottom of the phone are the mic, a down-firing speaker that’s easy to accidentally cover up and USB-C charging port. Thankfully, ZTE included a 3.5mm headphone jack on the top of the phone, so no dongles are needed to use wired headphones.. The phone’s power and volume keys are located all on the right side, making it a bit confusing to use blindly, as there’s no textured home button. However, muscle memory will kick in after using the phone for a few days.. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro’s display isn’t going to win any awards but it’s perfectly adequate for a mid-range phone. At 5.5-inches, it’s a big display that doesn’t feel too big thanks to the phone’s slim bezels.. ZTE chose to use a IPS LCD display, which gets the job done, but isn’t as nice as the AMOLED displays used by more expensive phones. The one advantage to AMOLED displays are that they get brighter for outdoor use and are better equipped to handle always displays that show the time and notifications when the screen is off. That’s something the Blade can’t do.. Full HD resolution is more than adequate for its 5.5-inch display with a pixel density of around 400 pixels per inch. The naked eye will not be able to see individual pixels so text and video look crisp. The traditional aspect ratio also means you won’t have unsightly black bars when watching video. Since ZTE chose to use capacitive buttons instead of on-screen buttons, screen real estate is dedicated for your content.. While the Blade V8 Pro’s display is perfectly fine, it is slightly dimmer than we would have liked for outdoor use. Even with the brightness all the way up, the IPS LCD display just can’t match the brightness of better AMOLED panels.. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro is a mid-range phone and its specs reflect that. The phone sports a Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 chip, which is noticeably slower than the flagship 821 found in more expensive phones like the Google Pixel and OnePlus 3T , but is par for the course for mid-range phones.. The 3GB of RAM is good for keeping apps in memory, but don’t expect to be able to properly use dual-window multitasking The processor is a bottleneck and this phone runs the rather dated Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow version of Google’s operating system.. In real world use, the Blade V8 Pro performed well for everyday tasks like web browsing, messaging and watching video. The phone does stutter from time to time when moving quickly throughout the interface, but it’s not a deal breaker. Benchmarks show no surprised from a mid-range phone like this. The Geekbench 4 benchmark gave the Blade V8 Pro a single-core score of 835 and a multi-core score of 3,004.. However, the Blade’s main rival, the Moto G5 Plus, put out an impressive multi-core score of 3,824. While both phones feature the same processor, the Moto G5 Plus’ extra GB of RAM may have boosted its score higher. It should also be noted that the G5 Plus runs Android 7.0 Nougat versus the Blade’s Android 6.0 Marshmallow, which may have helped the G5 score better thanks to optimizations in the operating system.. Fans of pure stock Android will be disappointed that ZTE’s choice to skin the operating system. However, ZTE’s skin is light and adds some neat features that stock Android doesn’t have. While not as unblemished as Motorola’s take on Android, ZTE’s skin is inoffensive and most users will enjoy some of the added features.. ZTE added gesture controls for the Blade V8 Pro, which are quite handy. You can use a three-finger pinch to take a screenshot, activate the flashlight from the lockscreen with a shake, flip the phone to mute and much more. However we would have liked to see a camera shortcut gesture to make snapping shots quicker.. There’s a ton of customization that ZTE added to make the Blade feel the way you want. You can reverse the back and multitasking buttons, rotate lock screen wallpapers every time you turn on the display and can theme the entire operating system.. ZTE did a great job of keeping Android feeling like stock while adding its own unique features. While some Android skins have us running to install a different launcher like Nova Launcher, ZTE’s stock software did a good enough job mimicking stock Android that we didn’t feel the need to use another launcher app.. If you want the best multimedia experience ZTE offers, you’ll have to look at the ZTE Axon 7 as the Blade V8 Pro is just okay. That’s not surprising as the phone costs half the price of ZTE’s flagship Axon.. With music, ZTE did a good job of making the Blade sound as good as it does thanks to Dolby’s digital sound processing (DSP). Users can pick from a number of preset equalizers and enhancements or can go full manual with custom EQs. Dolby’s DSP helps to make music sound more lively and immersive right out of the box.. The down-firing speaker of the Blade V8 Pro is just mediocre. It’s easy to cover up while watching video or playing games, which is annoying, and sounds anemic. You’ll want to use headphones for listening to music or watching video.. Gaming is acceptable for a budget phone but expect to see some frame drops and lower quality textures. For example, Super Mario Run had to downgrade textures to run but the game played smoothly and without stutters.. More demanding games like CSR2 made the Blade drop frames when moving throughout the menus. Texture quality was also noticeably worse than when compared to playing on more powerful phones.. While the ZTE Blade V8 Pro comes with 32GB of built-in storage, you can expand it via microSD for update 256GB of added storage. Alternatively, you can choose to add second nano SIM card.. While the ZTE Blade V8 Pro doesn’t come with Android 7.0 Nougat’s battery life optimizations, we were still impressed by the longevity of the phone in day to day use. We observed all-day performance from the 3,140mAh battery under normal use, though we had to top off if we had extended gaming or video watching sessions.. Standby time is very good with the phone losing just 3% of its charge over night. ZTE did a great job of optimizing battery life with Android 6.0’s Doze feature.. Since the ZTE Blade V8 Pro comes with USB-C, charging is quick even without using the phone’s Quick Charge 2.0 feature. ZTE was kind enough to include a Quick Charge 2.0 capable charger in the box so you don’t have to buy your own.. Like many flagship phones, the ZTE Blade V8 Pro features dual-rear cameras for capturing more data to do fancy things like adjust aperture in post or to capture more vivid monochrome images. Each camera is a 13MP affair and there’s a dual-LED flash when needed.. Photos are a bit soft but look good overall. Compared to better cameras on flagship phones, you’ll notice the lack of dynamic range and the camera’s struggles in low light. Images look a bit soft overall, especially in low light and there’s some noticeable barrel distortion when shooting wide. You’ll notice that the far edges of photos will look a little stretched and squashed.. What the Blade V8 Pro’s camera lack in performance it makes up for in the sheer amount of features in the camera software. The dual-lens camera allows you to adjust bokeh before or after you take a shot, isolate a specific color and take some great monochrome images.. Photo shows good colors and detail but lacks dynamic range. Objects in shadows are hard to see and there’s noticeable barrel distortion as the cars look squashed.. There’s a good amount of detail at the center of the image with some softness around the edges of the frame. Note the camera struggling with highlight details of the white flowers.. Photo shows good details but again highlights the struggle with dynamic range. Subjects in shadows or bright light are washed out and difficult to see.. The Blade does a serviceable job of taking food photos with just a slight amount of softness. The image is also darker than we would like.. The Blade struggles in low light, getting confused and missing the focus point on Arnold. Overall, low light images are soft and noisy.. The dual-camera allows you to adjust bokeh after you’ve taken a shot but the software gets confused. Notice the blurred antenna on the Android figurine.. Monochrome images look very good using the dual-camera mode. There’s opportunity to make the otherwise mediocre camera look artsy.. Selfies look fine but the front facing camera lacks dynamic range. The photo is dark and highlights are blown out more so than with the rear cameras.. There’s also a LIVE photo mode that lets you create a short animated GIF, similar to Apple’s Live Photos. Other photo modes include full manual shooting, panorama, multi exposure, time-lapse, slow motion and sports.. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro is capable of capturing 4K video at 30 frames per second (fps) but 1080p at 30fps is the default mode. Video looks soft and struggles with dynamic range like with photos. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro also continually hunts for focus which is quite noticeable and jarring.. Overall, the camera of the ZTE Blade V8 Pro won’t impress, but you wouldn’t expect it to for a phone in this price range. In bright lighting, the camera does an admirable job of being sharp and capturing accurate colors but struggles in every other lighting situation.. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro is proof that cheap phones don’t have to suck. It’s increasingly difficult to find a bad phone, even for mid-range phones that cost a quarter of what a flagship phone does. ZTE has a history of making great budget phones and the Blade is no exception.. At its core, the Blade V8 Pro offers a lot for the money. It doesn’t wow when compared to flagship but if all you want is a phone to do the basics, you’ll be happy with the Blade. ZTE did a great job balancing price, performance and features. It’s nice to see NFC included in a mid-range phone for easy speaker pairing and mobile payments, something a lot of mid-range phones skimp on.. After using the ZTE Blade V8 Pro for a month, we were impressed at just how little we missed from a flagship phone. Sure, you don’t get the multitasking performance of more powerful smartphones but for a majority of tasks, the Blade V8 Pro is perfectly adequate.. The biggest knocks we have against the Blade are is mediocre camera and outdated Android 6.0.1 software. It’s unlikely ZTE will dedicate many resources for its mid and low range smartphones so don’t expect the V8 Pro to get the latest software in a timely fashion. To its credit, ZTE has committed to releasing security updates to keep its phones secure.. If you don’t have $800 to spend on a flagship phone or even $400 for a budget flagship like the ZTE Axon 7 or OnePlus 3T , the ZTE Blade V8 Pro is a great choice. It ticks so many of the right boxes that you’ll be surprised how little it compromises to get to its $230 price point.. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro is for the buyer who just wants a phone that works and is good enough to do the basics like web browsing, watching video and listening to music. For basic tasks, it’s hard to do better than the Blade V8 Pro for the money.. The ZTE Blade V8 is a great value at its $230 starting point. Its main rival, the Moto G5 Plus starts at $230 and can be had for slightly less money from Amazon if you opt into lockscreen ads. You're not saving much money so we recommend getting the ad-free versions.. The Motorola bested the Blade V8 Pro in benchmarks but that could be due to the extra GB of RAM and updated Android 7.0 Nougat software. However, the G5 Plus doesn’t have NFC for mobile payments like the Blade V8 Pro.. It’s a tight race between the Blade V8 Pro and the Moto G5 Plus. Both phones offer so much for the money that you’ll be happy with either phone. Pick the Blade V8 Pro if you want to use Android Pay and live in the US (it’s a US exclusive). Pick the Moto G5 Plus if you want to get the latest Android updates faster and live outside the US.. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission.. Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more!. 1 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 live stream: how to watch today's big launch event. 4 How to watch Arsenal v Man City live stream online for the Carabao Cup final NOW. 5 MWC 2018: All the latest news from the show. 2 Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus review. 3 Samsung Galaxy S9 release date, price, news and features. 4 Samsung Galaxy S9 launch: as it happened. 5 BlackBerry: 'we understand we are not for everyone' but 'we're here to stay'. TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 1700(AWS) / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 7(2600), 12(700). HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 156 x 77 x 9.1 mm (6.14 x 3.03 x 0.36 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~69.4% screen-to-body ratio). 1080 x 1920 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~401 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). Dual: 13 MP, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face/smile detection, panorama, Auto-HDR. - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, WiFi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. - Fast battery charging (Quick Charge 2.0). We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. ZTE Blade V8 Pro - user opinions and reviews. I bought this phone for you opinion, but i am disappointed, No Fm Radio, no update and not coming, so i am not very happy with you. I love this phone IÂm not a heavy phone user and this phone does everything I need and more itÂs fun and ez to use the only thing I donÂt like is the only hard case I can find is the one zte makes and sells I would like more choices but am vary ha.... It gives me new ideas of what I can do with my Blade V8 Pro camera now.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. ZTE Axon 7 mini Huawei Honor 6X Huawei Honor 7X Motorola Moto G5 Plus ZTE Blade V8 ZTE Blade Z Max. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Axon 7 ZTE nubia Z17s ZTE Axon 9 ZTE nubia Z17. 
ZTE Blade V8 Pro review: Remarkably good for the price. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro is better than it has any reason to be.. I'm always a little shocked at how little people know (or care) about the Chinese companies slowly (and in some cases, not so slowly) eating into market share in the West. Through missteps and massive marketing campaigns, giants like Huawei and ZTE are encroaching on the feeling, if not the actual doorstep, of popular culture, largely because they have found success in their home country and feel it's replicable in the U.S.. But the powers that be are not ready to concede the traditional handset market to these agitators, at least not at the carrier level, so the likes of ZTE have to play the hand they have. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro is the series' first entry into the U.S., and it's a stunner. From the incredible build quality to the excellent performance and admirable camera performance, this is a phone that does not betray its $230 price point.. Dual camera setup doesn't improve photos. Ships with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow with no timeline for Nougat. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Full review. In these kinds of reviews, price is always the most important factor: What do you get for your money? At $229.95 unlocked, the ZTE V8 Pro is one of those phones that offers far more than its price tag would suggest, undercutting a significant portion of the entry-level smartphone market.. Its immediate competitors would seem to be the $229 Moto G5 Plus , which shares a Snapdragon 625 processor platform at its core, and the Honor 6X , which eschews Snapdragon for Huawei's own Kirin chipset. Let's take a look at the V8 Pro's spec sheet.. 5.5-inch, 1920x1080 LCD Gorilla Glass 3. Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 Octa-core 2.0GHz Adreno 506 GPU. Dual 13MP rear camera sensors f2.0 lens 4K/30 video. Wi-Fi 802.11ac dual-band, Bluetooth 4.2 LE, NFC GPS, GLONASS. LTE Band B2/B4/B5/B7/B12 HSPA 850/1900/AWS/2100 MHz. Generally, the spec sheet is in line with what one would expect from a mid-range device in early 2017, but ZTE has done a good job compiling the package into something cohesive. First, this phone is big: It resembles ZTE's other phones from the past year, but it's beefier, with a girth and weight that may keep it out of the hands of those looking for something more one-hand-manageable. Me, I like that it is substantial, because in its solidity is the presumption of reliability.. The Blade V8 Pro is big, even by big phone standards.. You'll be forgiven for not knowing much about ZTE's Blade line. users with the affordable Moto G line since 2013, and Huawei's Honor phones have been optimized for U.S. carriers since 2016, this is the first time ZTE has broached the subject. But the company had a great 2016 and impressed me with its high-end-but-affordable Axon 7 — which has only improved since its release — and has since released a number of other great options, including the diminutive Axon 7 Mini.. But the Blade V8 Pro is not diminutive — it's big, even by big phone standards. And unlike the Axon line, there is nothing sleek about this. It doesn't hide its fingerprint sensor on the back, and it doesn't try to cut down on thickness. It's a truck and unabashedly loud about that fact. A fingerprint sensor is embedded in the front home button, a Galaxy derivative that works here; it's responsive and easily accessible, and while you actually have to turn on the screen to register a fingerprint unlock, I don't mind, since the mechanism is so well-built.. The phone's sides are made of aluminum, and the brushed finish feels more expensive than many phones double its price. The backplate, a rubberized plastic, feels a bit like the Kevlar finish on the back of the BlackBerry Priv but without the pretension nor the flex. I love the unabashed utilitarianism of the whole thing. A USB-C port sits in the middle of two identical cutouts on the bottom — one for the mono speaker and the other the microphone. A 3.5mm headphone jack lives on top, while the power and volume buttons are to the right of the phone's 1080p LCD display, exactly where they need to be.. Touch responsiveness is one of the most under-appreciated specs, and the Blade V8 Pro passes with flying colors.. Like its peers in this price category, the V8 Pro's display is not wantonly over-pixeled; at 5.5 inches, its 400 ppi pixel density is more than sharp enough. More importantly, its fundamentals are good: colors are not overly saturated nor off-kilter to my eyes but calibrated correctly. And touch responsiveness, an under-appreciated notch on a phone's spec sheet these days, is excellent. It also gets really bright — good enough to use in direct sunlight and better than many more expensive phones from just a year ago. The commodification of smartphone components is a wonderful thing.. The phone's home button also acts as a gesture control: You can program a particular finger (up to five can be stored) to open a particular app or initiate an action. While I would have preferred ZTE to blatantly copy Samsung's double-tap-to-open camera shortcut for the home button, being able to program my left thumb to do the same immediately after unlocking the phone is almost as good.. Around back, there are two 13-megapixel camera sensors, neither of which are of particularly high quality, but as you'll see in a moment, I was able to eke some impressive photos from the setup, and the artificial "bokeh" plus the ability to isolate particular colors directly from the camera app, yielded some fun, if not particularly impressive results.. The camera app itself launches quickly, and is nearly identical to the one that ships with the Axon 7 and other ZTE phones. It's not complicated in any way and does the job, with most of the essential modes within a single tap and a robust manual mode that allows for the tweaking of everything from shutter speed to focus.. As expected, the camera's only truly usable in daylight, with the small-pixel sensors pushed to their limits during difficult, low-lit nighttime scenes. Without optical stabilization, phase detection autofocus, or laser autofocus, the sensor relies on contrast between light and dark scenes to fix on an object, and while it has no trouble doing so quickly during the day, at night the lens tends to wobble between subjects. Nighttime scenes, once focus is fixed, are muddled and grainy but usable in a pinch; daylight scenes, on the other hand, are remarkably good for a phone of this price.. I also had a lot of fun shooting with the phone's dual camera mode; like Huawei's implementation in phones like the Honor 8 and Honor 6X, the phone has trouble differentiating between fore and rear subjects and gets easily confused by complex scenes with fences. These qualms are easily forgivable, though, since the fundamentals are so strong.. That said, there were more than a few examples of the dual-camera engine getting it absolutely dead wrong, to the point where not only was the photo rendered unusable, but it became very clear that ZTE has made very little effort to extract nuance.. As for battery life, the Blade V8 Pro manages well over a day with its 3,140mAh cell (rechargeable in no time with Quick Charge 2.0 support and a USB-C connector) and Snapdragon 625 processor. This chip continues to be the workhorse of 2016 well into the new year, though we are anticipating a refresh in the form of the Snapdragon 626 in the coming months. Still, there's a clear advantage over the Kirin 655 inside the Honor 6X, and from tests I've seen elsewhere, the Blade V8 Pro outlasts Honor's latest mid-ranger despite a 6% smaller battery.. The final piece of the puzzle is at once the most reassuring and disappointing: ZTE has outfitted the Blade V8 Pro with what it calls a "stock" version of Android, which largely means that it has made as few disruptive changes to the UI as possible. And that's true — the experience is pretty darn unfettered, and good.. Android 6.0.1 with the December 1, 2016 security patch. This isn't redeemable and not something that I want to implicitly endorse by recommending this phone. That said, I have tried to find reasons to reject the phone outright for shipping with a version of Android approaching its second birthday and I can't; for most people, this phone does, and will do, everything it needs to. Moreover, being sold unlocked, it's not encumbered with carrier bloatware and all the other stuff that slows down the average Android build.. It's just frustrating that I have to be qualifying this review with such a phrase — that in March 2017, the same company brandishing Android 7.1.1 as a selling feature for its $399 flagship , the Axon 7, would ship a phone this good with software this old. After using the Blade V8 Pro for two weeks as my daily driver, there are only a couple of things I really miss from Nougat: in-line replies and stacked notifications; and proper display scaling.. Everything seems huge on this phone, since Marshmallow has no native way to shrink the objects on the screen to a manageable level. Beyond that, there's very little I can't get back with Nova Launcher and some proverbial elbow grease, but it's not a great position to be in.. As far as the Blade V8 Pro operates as a phone, it's a dual-SIM product, the second slot of which also doubles as a microSD card slot. For American users, the additional SIM slot is likely superfluous, but the Blade V8 Pro is indeed a phone sold around the world, and there's no inherent downside.. The Blade V8 Pro's single bottom-firing speaker is quiet — not terribly so but annoying nonetheless. The headphone jack and earpiece are fine, and perform well.. The capacitive buttons to the left and right of the home button are reversible — they can stand in for either back or multitasking, depending on your comfort. While I'm not a huge fan of this type of setup, the home button is so clicky and responsive that, to me, it's worth it.. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Final Thoughts. This is probably the best experience with a $230 phone I've ever had, and that's saying something. I am really excited about trying the Moto G5 Plus, which has a similar spec sheet and newer software, but in the meantime I am really happy recommending this phone, which is, pound for pound, slightly cheaper than Motorola's latest mid-ranger.. Despite the phone shipping with Android 6.0.1, it has no real weaknesses, and though ZTE won't commit to an upgrade schedule, the Blade V8 Pro should receive Android 7.x Nougat in the next few months. If that's too vague a timeline for you, I'd move on to something else. But if you want a near-flawless $230 unlocked phone that does a lot of things right, this is the phone for you.. Pixel 2 & Pixel 2 XL. Careers: Writer | Dev. 
CNET también está disponible en español.. ZTE's phone at CES, the Blade V8 Pro, takes a page out of 'Take on Me' (hands-on). A super-affordable ZTE Blade phone finally slices its way to the US.. by January 4, 2017 4:00 PM PST. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro phone lands stateside. ZTE's Blade phone serves up two rear-cameras for $230. ZTE Blade V8 Pro specs 5.5-inch display with 1,920x1,080-pixel resolution 6.14x3.03x0.36 inches (156x77x9.1 mm) Android M 2.0GHz, eight-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor 3GB RAM, 32GB of internal storage, expandable memory up to 128GB 8-megapixel front camera, two 13-megapixel rear cameras 3,140mAh battery with Quick Charge 2.0 technology. After hitting markets in Asia, Europe and Mexico, ZTE's Blade series of phones is finally making its US debut with the V8 Pro.. The phone, which we checked out here at CES 2017 in Las Vegas, features a 5.5-inch display with Android M and two rear cameras. it's available for preorder today in the US for $230.. For that relatively affordable price, the V8 Pro offers a lot of hardware goodies. For one thing, the two rear shooters are both 13 megapixels, one of which is a monochrome camera that can shoot in black and white. We've seen dual cameras before in other high-end phones like the LG V20 , the Lenovo ​Phab 2 Pro and even ZTE's own 2015 flagship, the ZTE Axon Pro .. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro phone lands stateside. Depending on the phone, dual cameras are used for different reasons. In the V20, the second camera is for wide-angle shots, while the Phab 2 Pro uses its camera setup for measuring depth and distances for augmented reality .. In the V8 Pro's case, the cameras can take photos with a bokeh effect , which blurs the background for an artsy, dramatic look. (The Apple iPhone 7 and the Axon Pro before, do this too.) Extra software allows you to switch up the point of focus from the background to the foreground (and the degree of blurriness). There's also a fun tool that uses the monochrome camera to turn photos into a black-and-white sketch that reminded me of the classic A-Ha "Take on Me" video .. When I checked it out, the tools worked pretty well and smoothly. The bokeh effect worked a tad faster than I had recalled with the Axon Pro, and the sketch filter rendered quickly.. The phone also has a fingerprint reader, expandable memory and dual-SIM capabilities -- the last of which is useful for anyone who travels frequently or who has two numbers.. Other similarly priced phones include the Sony Xperia XA , which has a sleek bezel-less design, but half as much built-in memory as the V8 Pro. The Motorola Moto G4 Plus is one of our more favorite budget phones of 2016. It has comparable specs to the V8 Pro at the same price. Though it doesn't have dual rear cameras or NFC, it does have a water-resistant design.. Click here for CNET's complete coverage of CES 2017 .. All the cool new gadgets at CES 2017. Visit manufacturer site for details.. Best Phones for 2018. See All. Samsung’s king of phones is excellent, but you'll pay a pretty penny for stylus privileges.. A radical redesign that's nearly all screen includes a new cutting-edge facial recognition.... LG just gave Samsung a run for the money.. But we're still waiting on the Siri-like AI.. The Pixel 2's superb camera makes it worth a look.. This week on CNET News. Homeland Security's tall order: A hacker-free election. 'Annihilation' director wove memory into a dream-like movie. Dogecoin: The joke cryptocurrency that was too real for its own good. Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy , which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.. CNET may earn fees when you click through to a partner site.. 
A list of all the Google Now voice commands. 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8). 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3. Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks. Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android. Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks. ZTE Blade V8 Pro review: A decent phone that would be better off with a single camera. Dual-cameras are all the rage right now, but don’t get caught up in the type of the Blade V8 Pro. Use commas to separate multiple email addresses. There was an error emailing this page.. ZTE ZMax Pro review: A budget-friendly behemoth of a smartphone. Pixel XL review: Google's new phone isn't a Nexus—it's better. Le Pro3 review: Flagship specs, low cost, and a horrible user experience. Hands-on with the new Google Assistant.. Two cameras for the price of one. Overall design Jason Cipriani. [ Further reading: The best Android phones for every budget. ] Jason Cipriani. Two cameras for the price of one Jason Cipriani. Performance and battery life Jason Cipriani. ZTE's Blade V8 Pro is the company's latest push into the budget U.S. It's a $230 Android phone that boasts a dual-lens camera on the back, capable of taking the same style of bokeh photos Apple touted as the headlining feature of the iPhone 7 Plus.. Sounds fancy, right? Well, kind of.. Both buttons are easy to reach.. Despite what its name might imply, the Blade V8 Pro is neither juice blender, nor is it an 8-inch phone.. Bad jokes aside, the Blade V8 Pro has a 5.5-inch 1080p display, three gigabytes of memory, 32 GB of storage expandable up to 128 GB via microSD, a 3140 mAh battery, and is powered by a Snapdragon 625 processor. It runs Android 6.0.1 with ZTE’s own software tweaks, and has two unlocked SIM card slots for GSM carriers.. On the right side of the phone is where you find the volume rocker and power button. The back of the phone is covered in a very grippy rubber material.. I liked the overall feel of the phone, especially with a back that isn’t at all slippery. It’s a nice break from the shiny, and far too smooth, aluminum or glass backs higher end devices are touting as an advantage.. I think the entire bottom chin is touch-sensitive, not just where the white dots are.. Just under the screen is a physical home button that pulls double duty as the finger print sensor. Capacitive buttons are found on either side of the home button, with ZTE's software providing the means to swap their functionality between back and multitasking... During initial setup I had issues registering my fingerprints, and ultimately had to go through the process a few times. The problem, as far as I could tell, was the button had a hard time identifying when my thumb was actually touching it, meaning I had to lift and place my finger back on the button numerous times. I chalked up the issue to a fluke in setup, but unfortunately it carried over when using the phone during my review period.. Sometimes the sensor would unlock the phone as fast as any other fingerprint sensor I've used, other times it would immediately prompt me for a PIN code or do nothing at all.. One annoying aspect of the design is how easy it is to trigger the capacitive buttons. On multiple occasions I would accidentally touch the button to the right of the fingerprint sensor, triggering the app switcher, without even knowing I was close to the button.. The Blade V8 Pro’s rubber back surrounds the dual-camera setup.. The grippy back isn’t the only thing you’ll find on the rear of the phone. It’s also home to two 13-megapixel cameras, stacked vertically. Using both cameras, you’re able to take photos with a more pronounced depth of field, or bokeh, than you normally can.. Typically, photos with greater depth of field look better, but are limited to expensive cameras with expensive lenses to really do it right.. Even Apple’s implementation of a similar feature on the iPhone 7 Plus relies on two lenses and software magic tricks.. And just like the iPhone 7 Plus, the Blade V8 Pro struggles—more so than the iPhone, in fact—with the fauxkeh.. One aspect of ZTE’s implementation I do appreciate is the ability to adjust how much of a depth of field is applied to a photo.. The white blob… is it a ghost?. The photo above was taken in adequate lighting, with a setting of f/1 (giving max depth of field). The software does a decent job of identifying my son, but struggles around each side of his neck and with the orange on his shirt. Then there’s the random off-white blob to the left of him that makes no sense at all.. Outside of the bokeh effect, the camera is par for the course with low-end smartphones. In well lit environments, it does its job. Less than ideal lighting situations are going to result in grainy, pixelated photos that are worthy of sharing on social media.. The dual SIM tray is where you place a microSD card as well.. Benchmarks for the Blade V8 Pro show it’s faster than the ZTE Max Pro, and has a battery life of 9 hours and 53 minutes according to the PCMark Work 2.0 Battery Life test. I’ve read a few reviews saying real world usage was a disappointment on the Blade V8 Pro, but I honestly have no complaints.. I was able to get through a typical day of browsing, YouTube, Twitter, Slack, Gmail, and messages without the need to top off the battery. That said, you will need to charge it up each night.. Another issue I’ve seen reported, both on Twitter and in reviews, is a bug that kills any audio after 15 minutes of the phone being in standby. Meaning, if you start Google Play music and walk away, at the 15 minute mark the Blade V8 Pro’s battery optimization tool will force close the app, stopping your music.. I didn’t experience audio stopping when using the phone. In fact, after reading about the issue for the second time I played music and let it stream for four hours, interruption free.. Overall, performance of the Blade V8 Pro showed signs of slowing down with apps stuttering as they opened, or brief lag time between interactions, but it wasn’t unusable.. Beyond the price, there's a lot to like about the Blade V8 Pro. It's unlocked, has microSD support, strong battery life, and performance that doesn’t disappoint.. There’s a few things to dislike, as well. The dual-camera integration is a gimmick that’s not well executed, the fingerprint sensor is hit or miss, and the buttons on either side are way too sensitive.. That said, at $230 there’s going to be some give and take. And for the price, this is a good enough phone for young kids, tweens, and teens. Or simply for someone who doesn’t want too much from a phone.. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro isn’t best of class, but it has nothing to be ashamed of. Fingerprint sensor is hit or miss. Based in beautiful Colorado, Jason Cipriani is a freelance writer who contributes to Macworld, Wired, Fortune, and CNET.. Copyright © 2018 IDG Communications, Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc.. Explore the IDG Network descend. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Phones More Products Support Blog Forum Store. Phones More Products Support Blog Forum Store. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Co-Mo .... Be the first to review this product. Be the first to review this product. Dual Camera: A feature typically not found on affordable smartphones, two 13MP rear cameras offer more choices when editing photos, including the popular Bokeh effect. Fingerprint Sensor: A fast-detecting and accurate fingerprint sensor located on the home button of the phone bridges security and ease of use. Battery: The large 3140mAh battery is designed to handle all your social media, texting and web-surfing needs. With Qualcomm® Quick Charge™ 2.0 and battery optimization capabilities, the Blade V8 Pro can last all day and charge quickly when you need it. Large Screen: 5.5 inch Full HD display with Gorilla Glass 3.0 allows you to maximize your viewing experience for streaming movies, watching TV shows, playing games and more. Powerful Processor: Powered by the Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 625 processor with X9 LTE, the Blade V8 Pro can handle all your surfing, streaming and swiping needs. Expandable Storage: Choose either a second SIM card or microSD up to 128GB to expand storage, never needing to fear limits. Dual SIM: Also often not found on affordable smartphones, the dual SIM slot allows users who travel the ability to switch carriers as needed.. A head above other smartphones in its class, Blade V8 Pro comes built with next-level features, is exquisitely designed and delivers exceptional value for only $199.98.. Dual Camera: A feature typically not found on affordable smartphones, two 13MP rear cameras offer more choices when editing photos, including the popular Bokeh effect. Fingerprint Sensor: A fast-detecting and accurate fingerprint sensor located on the home button of the phone bridges security and ease of use. Battery: The large 3140mAh battery is designed to handle all your social media, texting and web-surfing needs. With Qualcomm® Quick Charge™ 2.0 and battery optimization capabilities, the Blade V8 Pro can last all day and charge quickly when you need it. Large Screen: 5.5 inch Full HD display with Gorilla Glass 3.0 allows you to maximize your viewing experience for streaming movies, watching TV shows, playing games and more. Powerful Processor: Powered by the Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 625 processor with X9 LTE, the Blade V8 Pro can handle all your surfing, streaming and swiping needs. Expandable Storage: Choose either a second SIM card or microSD up to 128GB to expand storage, never needing to fear limits. Dual SIM: Also often not found on affordable smartphones, the dual SIM slot allows users who travel the ability to switch carriers as needed.. Qualcomm and Snapdragon are trademarks of Qualcomm Incorporated, registered in the United States and other countries. Quick Charge is a trademark of Qualcomm Incorporated.. Qualcomm Snapdragon and Qualcomm Quick Charge are products of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.. SIM 1: Nano (4FF) SIM 2: Nano (4FF), which also supports microSD™ expansion up to 128 GB when not in use for additional SIM. 5.5" FHD with 2.5D Gorilla Glass 3, PPI 401. 13 MP + 13 MP Dual Camera with Dual Flash. Auto mode / Filter / Continuous Shot / Face detection / Live photo / Auto HDR / Manual mode (includes interval capture) / Panorama / Sport mode / Multi-exposure / Dual Camera Mode (Bokeh / MonoColor / MonoChrome mode / Ultra-HD mode) / PDAF. Formats: H264 Resolution: back sensor (4k/1080p/720p/640*480); Record Framerates: Auto Mode (30 fps in normal scene/ 10fps in night scene). 2.0GHz Octa-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 with integrated Qualcomm® Adreno™ 506 GPU. 3 GB RAM + 32 GB ROM. MicroSD card expandable memory up to 128 GB. Functions Mute in call / Speed Dial / Voice record (bidirectional) / DTMF / Switch to Bluetooth / LoudSpeaker. Side Keys: Volume on Right/Lock on Right. - 4 to 140°F（-20 to 60°C）. Please log in or register to give us a review.. Hotline Hours: Monday-Sunday 8am - 9pm (CST). If you have questions about how to use ZTE mobile devices or your device needs repair services, please contact our services hotline or email for more information.. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Co-Mo .... Be the first to review this product. Be the first to learn about our newest items, promotions and events.. © 1998 - 2017 ZTE Corporation and ZTE USA. 
Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg.. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message.. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More!. TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY!. Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items.. Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits.. Free Returns with No restocking fee. Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items.. Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns.. Learn More | Sign Up Now. Newegg Mobile Email Deals Daily Deals Marketplace Spotlight Outlet. Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App!. Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you.. Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more.. STEM Toy & Robot Gift Guide. Are you a startup? Join us.. Search all Computer Systems Components Electronics Gaming Networking Office Solutions Software & Services Automotive & Industrial Home & Tools Health & Sports Apparel & Accessories Hobbies & Toys. Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality.. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Dual Camera Unlocked Smartphone (5.5" Black, 32GB Storage 3GB RAM) US Warranty. Sold and Shipped by Newegg. Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee .. 3GB RAM, 32GB built-in storage, expandable up to 128GB. 13 MP + 13 MP Dual Rear Camera with LED Flash, 8 MP Front-Facing Camera. 5.5" FHD display, 1920 x 1080, Gorilla Glass 3. 3140mAh battery for long battery lasting. Supports AT&T, T-Mobile, Tracfone & other GSM based network. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Dual Camera Unlocked Smartphone (5.5" Black, 32GB Storage 3GB RAM) US Warranty. "This large Android handset includes a 5.5-inch full HD display with curved edges and Gorilla Glass 3. The V8 is powered by a Snapdragon 625 processor with 3 GB of RAM and 32 GB of storage. It supports memory cards up to 128 GB or a second SIM card. The V8 has twin 13-megapixel cameras on the back, which is a feature normally found on pricier handsets. ZTE says the second camera helps with features such as bokeh (background blur). The front camera has an 8-megapixel sensor. ZTE says the 3,140mAh battery delivers all-day power, but it supports Quick Charge 2.0 for rapid power-ups when needed. Last, the Blade V8 includes a front-mounted fingerprint reader. 13MP + 13MP Autofocus Dual-Camera System. 450 minutes of talk time on a single charge. Equipped with 3GB RAM and 32GB ROM. External memory card support up to 128GB. GSM 850/900/1800/1900 MHz - UMTS 850/1900/AWS/2100 MHz - LTE Bands 2/4/5/7/12. 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, 2.4 GHz & 5 GHz. 13 MP + 13 MP Dual Rear Camera. 3GB RAM + 32GB ROM | microSD up to 128GB. Auto Focus + LED Flash. Learn more about the ZTE Blade V8 Pro. Model | Brand ZTE Model Blade V8 Pro Part Number Z978 Network | Technology 4G LTE Mobile Frequencies GSM: 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz UMTS: 850 / 1900 / AWS / 2100 MHz LTE: B2 / B4 / B5 / B7 / B12 Data transfer EDGE: 384 kbps UMTS: 42 Mbps LTE: 150 Mbps Design | Form Factor Smart Phones Color Black Dual SIM Yes SIM Card Type Nano SIM Secondary SIM Card Type Nano SIM, which also supports microSD, expansion up to 128GB when not in use for additional SIM Sensors Compass, Proximity & Ambient Light, Gyro-sensor, Accelerometer, Hall sensor, Fingerprint recognition Audio Connectors 3.5mm jack Display | Touch Screen Capacitive Touch Screen Main Display Size 5.5" Main Display Resolution 1920 x 1080 Pixel Density 401 ppi Main Display Format TFT Camera | Rear Camera 13 MP + 13 MP Dual Camera Flash Dual LED HD Video Capture 2160p Auto Focus Yes Front-Facing Camera 8 MP Configuration | Operating System Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow) System Chip Qualcomm MSM8953 Snapdragon 625 Processor Octa-core 64-bit ARM Cortex-A53 up to 2.0 GHz CPU, Adreno 506 GPU Processor Core Octa-core Processor Speed 2 GHz RAM 3GB, LPDDR3 Built-in Storage 32GB, eMMC Expansion Slot Type MicroSD (TF Card) Max Storage Expansion Up to 128GB Connectivity | Wi-Fi Support 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, 2.4 GHz & 5 GHz WiFi Yes USB Micro USB 2.0 Type-C Bluetooth Support Bluetooth v4.2 Other Connection NFC Battery | Battery Capacity 3140mAh Battery Type Non-removable Li-Po Battery Talk Time Up to 24 hour(s) Standby Time Up to 552 hour(s) Software | GPS Integrated GPS / A-GPS / SUPL Audio MP3, AAC, AAC+v1, AAC+v2, IMY, MIDI, Ogg, AMR-WB, AMR-NB, APE, WAV Additional Function Wi-Fi/GPS/NFC Specification | Specifications Modem: Qualcomm Snapdragon X9 LTE Modem LTE FDD Cat 4 Rel9 DC-HSPA+ / DC-HSUPA GSM / GPRS / EDGE CnE (Wi-Fi Offload), NSRM (Signaling Optimizations) MiFavor UI (Based on Android 6.0 - Marshmallow) Front Fingerprint Sensor Front Camera: 8 MP Auto mode / Selfie / Beautify / Smile detection Main Camera: 13 MP + 13 MP Auto mode / Filter / Continuous Shot / face detection / Live photo / Auto HDR / Manual mode (include interval capture) / Panorama / Sport mode / Multi-exposure / Dual camera mode (Bokeh / MonoColor / MonoChrome mode / Ultra-HD mode) / PDAF Video Recording: Formats: H264 Resolution: back sensor (4k / 1080p / 720p / 640 x 480) Record framrates: auto mode (30 fps in normal scene / 10 fps in night scene) Adaptor: 9V / 1.5A Fast Charing Button: Power, Volume Up / Down, Menu / Home / Back HiFi 2.0 with AKM Chipset Dimensions & Weight | Dimensions (H x W x D) 6.14" x 3.03" x 0.36" Weight 6.53 oz. Package Contents | Package Contents Cell Phone Power Adapter USB Type-C Data Cable Quick Start Guide Cell Phone Warranty Certificate Card Ejection Pin. Return for refund within: non-refundable Return for replacement within: 30 days. This item is covered by Newegg.com's Non-Contract Cell Phone Return Policy .. Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Dual Camera Unlocked Smartphone (5.5" Black, 32GB Storage 3GB RAM) US Warranty. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you. What's your question? ( 0 /500). Are you an E-Blast Insider ?. Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours.. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery.. Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery. Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get:. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions.Open Box items usually do not come with manufacturer or vendor warranty or technical support. However, warranty support may be available if an item was never registered by a previous owner. Please contact the manufacturer to check. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product may includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description.. The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories.. Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. Transparency in Supply Chains Act. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... 4 Call quality, Battery life and Conclusion. by Stephen Schenck. Android - Android + ZTE - ZTE +. 4 Call quality, Battery life and Conclusion. Introduction In just a few more weeks, the conversation surrounding new smartphones is going to take a major turn, as it tends to do around that time every year. With the new flagships of MWC (and those that launch independently in the days that will follow), we're going to be talking about the cream of the smartphone crop, and how this batch of high-end models promises to shape the arrival of the rest of the year's hero phones. But right now, in the wake of CES (and its lack of major new- phone announcements), the landscape is very different, and our conversations have circled more around the idea of value: really well-balanced handsets that keep prices as low as they come, while also still fighting to deliver a premium feature or two. A couple weeks back we gave you an in-depth look at the Honor 6X , a solidly outfitted mid-ranger that was selling for the very attractive price of just $250. That's a great start, but can we go even lower, while not sacrificing a lot of quality and features? ZTE thinks we can, and just like Honor , it's got an affordable new option that packs a fancy dual-rear-camera system, just like some much more expensive phones. Let's take a look at the ZTE Blade V8 Pro , and see if this really could be one of the new year's best values. In the box: ZTE Blade V8 Pro USB Type-C cable Fast charger SIM tool. Quick-start guide Design No major missteps, but it's still very much a phone that feels like a mid-ranger The Blade V8 Pro is handsome and decently built, but it can't quite shake off its mid-range positioning, and comes across as a handset that falls somewhere south of premium.. Don't get us wrong: this isn't some cheap, plastic mess. The handset features a metal band around its frame with attractive beveled edges, 2.5D curved glass, and a subtly arching back panel. But the phone's rear is also crafted out of rubberized plastic, in a time when we see higher-end metal construction coming to even budget-priced hardware. That back panel doesn't look bad-bad by any stretch, but its textured surface does have a bad habit of picking up crumbs. And compared to the metal-bodied Honor 6X, with which the Blade V8 Pro shares a 5.5-inch screen size, ZTE's handset is thicker, taller, heavier, and just generally feels bulkier – in spite of Honor's phone getting the bigger battery. Lest you get the idea that ZTE's design is full of bad decisions, the Blade V8 Pro does enjoy an impressively flush camera (not really sticking out at all), a modern USB Type-C connector on the handsets bottom edge (where it sits next to the phone's speaker ), and it manages to hold onto its headphone jack. ZTE makes the interesting choice to go with a front-mounted fingerprint scanner, integrated into the phone's home button. It works OK, but accuracy is sometimes a little iffy (requiring repeat scans), and having to physically press the button to unlock the phone feels less graceful than some other fingerprint-scanner implementations. All things considered, the Blade V8 Pro is put together quite nicely, and looks reasonably attractive. The phone's just a little large, and doesn't go quite far enough in terms of premium-feeling materials. Then again, this is a mid-ranger, so perhaps we shouldn't be that surprised. Display Though not particularly impressive in any one regard, the screen is bright, sharp enough, and has reasonably accurate colors ZTE hooks the Blade V8 Pro up with a 5.5-inch screen offering a 1080 x 1920 resolution, a combination that just about screams “mid-range display” these days; it's big enough to scratch that phablet itch that so inescapably has infiltrated phone design, while also providing a suitably sharp screen. Leave it to the flagships to endlessly debate the value of Quad-HD resolutions; phones like the Blade V8 Pro are plenty confident stopping once they hit Full-HD.. 6.14 x 3.03 x 0.36 inches. 156 x 77 x 9.1 mm. 5.94 x 3 x 0.32 inches. 150.9 x 76.2 x 8.2 mm. 5.81 x 2.8 x 0.31 inches. 147.5 x 71 x 7.8 mm. 6.02 x 3.02 x 0.39 inches. 153 x 76.6 x 9.8 mm. To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page.. Compared to most of the smartphone screens we look at, the V8 Pro's is definitely on the brighter side, and considering all the comparisons we've been drawing to the Honor 6X, it seems worth mentioning that both models came in with near-identical screen-brightness measurements. While that 500 nits of output will fight admirably against a sunny day, we'll admit that we did find ourselves in outdoor-usage situations where we wished we could crank that brightness higher, still. Color accuracy is slightly better than we saw on the 6X, to ZTE's credit, but it's still not perfect: maybe “inaccurate in a different way” would be an apt description. Where the Blade V8 Pro suffers, though, is in the lack of software controls to further tweak image balance: what you see is largely what you get.. Minimum brightness (nits) Lower is better. Contrast Higher is better. Color temperature (Kelvins). Delta E rgbcmy Lower is better. Delta E grayscale Lower is better. The CIE 1931 xy color gamut chart represents the set (area) of colors that a display can reproduce, with the sRGB colorspace (the highlighted triangle) serving as reference. The chart also provides a visual representation of a display's color accuracy. The small squares across the boundaries of the triangle are the reference points for the various colors, while the small dots are the actual measurements. Ideally, each dot should be positioned on top of its respective square. The 'x: CIE31' and 'y: CIE31' values in the table below the chart indicate the position of each measurement on the chart. 'Y' shows the luminance (in nits) of each measured color, while 'Target Y' is the desired luminance level for that color. Finally, 'ΔE 2000' is the Delta E value of the measured color. Delta E values of below 2 are ideal.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Color accuracy chart gives an idea of how close a display's measured colors are to their referential values. The first line holds the measured (actual) colors, while the second line holds the reference (target) colors. The closer the actual colors are to the target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. The Grayscale accuracy chart shows whether a display has a correct white balance (balance between red, green and blue) across different levels of grey (from dark to bright). The closer the Actual colors are to the Target ones, the better.. These measurements are made using SpectraCal's CalMAN calibration software.. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Compare. (Posts: 149; Member since: 01 Aug 2016). posted on 08 Feb 2017, 09:05. Applause to ZTE for making a great budget phone. Even better (in most ways) than honor 6x!. (Posts: 117; Member since: 18 Nov 2014). posted on 08 Feb 2017, 09:12. I'd be using it if it supported wifi calling. (Posts: 1512; Member since: 11 Nov 2014). posted on 08 Feb 2017, 11:52. We need a review for the Axon 7!. (Posts: 3; Member since: 01 Jan 2017). posted on 11 Feb 2017, 13:50. Hi-Fi stereo sound with dual front facing speakers and a quad HD display.. it's by far the best phone I've ever had.. (Posts: 149; Member since: 06 Aug 2015). posted on 20 Feb 2017, 23:16. Glad to hear this! I'm closely considering the Mini.. (Posts: 96; Member since: 02 Mar 2015). posted on 08 Feb 2017, 12:42. (Posts: 1256; Member since: 15 Apr 2016). posted on 08 Feb 2017, 12:43. posted on 08 Feb 2017, 13:24. Fix that speaker and this is killer. Video recording cm be fixed with an update so that is promising.. (Posts: 361; Member since: 31 Jul 2011). posted on 08 Feb 2017, 13:33. Wow! ZTE really improved! I heard so much bad about the Axon 7 Camera, and saw quite a few samples. This is a step in the right direction! Maybe the Axon 8 will take these improvements from the Blade V8 Pro to their Flagship line.. (Posts: 3; Member since: 01 Jan 2017). posted on 11 Feb 2017, 13:52. What you heard about the camera was wrong. The front camera is one of the best. Low light is better since updates. It's not the very best but it's not a far drop either.. (Posts: 113; Member since: 17 Oct 2016). posted on 08 Feb 2017, 16:20. It still uses the MiFavor software same as Axon 7. If you come from an LG or Samsung phone you may be disappointed in the lack of features, options and customizations.. (Posts: 6747; Member since: 30 Sep 2014). posted on 09 Feb 2017, 03:45. still can't beat redmi note 3 pro :-/. (Posts: 97; Member since: 20 Jan 2017). posted on 20 Feb 2017, 04:36. I'm waiting to see what exactly the moto g5 and g5+ turn out to be. But this phone is selling great on Swappa- 170 w/ case!. (Posts: 2; Member since: 21 Apr 2017). posted on 21 Apr 2017, 03:38. you should choice mid-range phone or top-range phone, my opinion, tech will be develop faster than we think and it is not reasonable to by one of them..... in the best mid-range phone could be graceful for zte blade v8 pro due to present for you option of top phone. (Posts: 2; Member since: 21 Apr 2017). posted on 12 May 2017, 11:49. Want to comment? Please login or register .. Display 5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 pixels (401 ppi) IPS LCD. Size 6.14 x 3.03 x 0.36 inches (156 x 77 x 9.1 mm). Battery 3140 mAh, 24 hours talk time. Qualcomm Snapdragon 625, Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53 processor 3 GB RAM. $140 Buy. Gear S4 may come with a blood pressure monitor, Samsung patent reveals. Google Pay launches today, but its most important feature is not here yet. Galaxy S9 and S9+ previewed in glorious detail with full specs and release date. Galaxy S9 and S9+ price and release date on Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Best Buy. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Samsung Galaxy A8 (2018) Review 6.5. Sony Xperia XA2 and Xperia XA2 Ultra Review 7.8. Huawei Mate 10 Lite Review 8. Jabra Elite 65t wireless earphones Review 8.5. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 vs Samsung Galaxy Note 2. LG V30 Review 8.8. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
At $230, ZTE’s Blade V8 Pro is a more than capable Android smartphone. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro proves you don’t necessarily have to buy a crappy phone if you’re on a budget.. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro proves you don’t necessarily have to buy a crappy phone if you’re on a budget.. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro proves you don’t necessarily have to buy a crappy phone if you’re on a budget.. Geekbench 4: 865 (Single-Core), 3,143 (Multi-Core). Phone Reviews Product Reviews. While Samsung and Apple compete over high-end flagship smartphones, the mid-range business is lively with plenty of competition. Almost all smartphone manufacturers have solid mid-range offerings, but some rise above the rest. The Lenovo Moto G5 Plus. is often considered the best phone in the sub-$300 category, while the $250 Huawei Honor 6X. gets an honorable mention for its slightly larger display.. With the Blade V8 Pro, ZTE is vying to make the short list of mid-range kings. Debuting earlier this year, the Blade V8 Pro comes at the same price as the Moto G5 Plus, although with decidedly different specs. It also offers the same 5.5-inch display size you can find on the Huawei Honor 6X.. How does it fare? For its competitive price, the Blade V8 Pro certainly is capable, and it just may dethrone the Moto G5 Plus. The Blade V8 Pro doesn’t look bad, but it’s not unique by any means. On the front of the phone, you’ll be greeted with a very standard look. There’s a home button on the front, and it doubles as a fingerprint scanner — we found the fingerprint scanner worked reasonably well most of the time. Perhaps once every five attempts, we would have to rescan – but that’s not a terrible strike rate.. On either side of the home button you’ll find two lit-up dots, which represent the back and multitasking buttons. If you’re new to Android, this can be a little confusing. The back button lives on the left, while the multitasking button is on the right – not everyone knows that by instinct, and it may take some time to get used to the layout.. On the bottom of the phone, you’ll find a USB Type-C port, along with speaker and microphone grills. On the left is a dual-SIM tray, while the right edge houses the power button and volume rocker – both are in easy-to-reach spots.. The back of the phone does away with the metal build found on other higher end ZTE phones in favor of a textured, plastic surface. We like it, not just because it’s scratch-resistant, but it also gives the phone a little more grip, ensuring that you won’t drop it easily. That’s helpful considering the device doesn’t have any official water-resistance rating, so you’ll want to be careful not to drop it around any pools. On the back, you’ll also find ZTE has jumped on the dual-lens camera trend.. There’s nothing really unique with the Blade V8 Pro’s design, but at least it looks better than the Moto G5 Plus .. You can’t expect to get a flagship-level specifications for $230, but you should expect to get something that’s capable for day-to-day use. Our ZTE Blade V8 Pro review revealed a phone that more than achieves that.. The user interface is smooth, and standard functions like pulling up the app tray or accessing quick settings are responsive and quick.. Under the hood, the device comes with the Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor, along with a healthy 3GB of RAM. You’ll get 32GB of storage, though you also have access to a MicroSD card slot for more storage expansion should you see the need. There’s also NFC, which means you can use Android Pay — something you can’t do on the U.S. model of the Moto G5 Plus.. The LCD display isn’t going to break any records, but it does the job. At 5.5-inches and a resolution of 1,920 × 1,080-pixels, the screen offers a respectable pixel-density of 401 pixels-per-inch. It doesn’t beat the 5.2-inch Moto G5 Plus’ 424 pixels-per-inch, but in real world use you’re unlikely to see a huge difference between the two. The screen offers plenty of brightness to see outside, even in direct sunlight.. On the performance side, you will run into some stuttering if you play power- or graphics-intensive games, but for general use it’s quite capable. The user interface is smooth, and standard functions like pulling up the app tray or accessing quick settings are responsive and quick, even after some serious multitasking.. When it comes to benchmarks, the phone performed as expected. Here’s a quick rundown of the scores we achieved:. To put things into perspective, the Samsung Galaxy S8, which is one of the highest-performing phones out there today, scored a hefty 205,284 in AnTuTu. The Lenovo Moto G5 Plus, with 4GB of RAM, scored 63,190 – you can expect comparable performance. It beats out the Huawei Honor 6X, which scored 56,585 with its 3GB of RAM and Kirin 655 processor.. For our ZTE Blade V8 Pro review, we ran games like Landing Confirmed. largely without a hitch, and while you may run into some lag every now and then, it isn’t enough to warrant alarm. The phone does run a little warmer with slightly more graphics-intensive games like Asphalt 8 , but to our surprise we didn’t have many issues running it.. The dual 13-megapixel camera set up on the rear of the Blade V8 Pro allow for ‘bokeh’ and monochrome effects — there are better phone cameras out there.. Compared to high-end phones, the photos lack a dynamic range, and the camera suffers in low-light situations. Still, what ZTE lacks in camera quality, it makes up for in features. The camera app allows you to adjust the blur effect after the shot — though it’s not very good — or you can isolate colors in photos. There’s also a built-in Live photo mode, which lets you create a short GIF similar to Live Photos on the iPhone. A full manual mode allows you to adjust the parameters of your shot on the fly.. The camera has decent white balance, but it’s easy to see details aren’t as sharp in photos. Again, the camera quality here isn’t anything to write home about, but on a phone in this price range, it does relatively well.. ZTE has avoided going the route of a heavy Android skin by delivering a somewhat vanilla Android experience – that’s a good thing.. The battery will last you a little more than a full day of use.. There are a number of pre-installed ZTE apps on the device, including “Browser,” which also happens to exist alongside a pre-installed Chrome. The extra apps are often redundant — WeShare and Dropbox come pre-installed — and you can often find the Google equivalent. Still, a few extra apps aren’t anywhere near the level of bloatware you could find on a phone like this.. There are only a few tweaks to the user interface from stock Android, but they are useful. For example, you’ll have access to a huge range of quick-access settings in the settings tray, and the settings menu has a “frequently used” section that’s much easier to navigate through than the full settings menu. They’re small changes, but they help ZTE distinguish itself a little without being to intrusive.. The only major downside here is how the software is outdated. The phone comes with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, and it doesn’t seem as though an update is in sight. If you’re looking for a phone that’ll get quick and regular updates, this is not the right one for you.. The battery on the Blade V8 Pro is a hefty 3,140mAh, and it’ll last you a little more than a full day of use. In our tests, the phone had around 30-40 percent of battery left after a full day – which is pretty good. We’re power-users too, so light to average users may end the day with more.. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Compared To. The device wasn’t necessarily as good when left on standby over a few days — around the third day, it had 30 percent left.. The Blade V8 Pro charges via a USB Type-C port, which is better than the MicroUSB port on the Moto G5 Plus. It’s a reversible port, and your phone should charge faster.. ZTE offers a standard limited warranty for its devices that will cover your phone from manufacturing defects for one year from the date of purchase.. The phone comes in at $230 on ZTE ’s website , but you can also buy it for the same price on Amazon. It’s a pretty good price for a phone with these specs – it even offers more than the Moto G5 Plus.. The Blade V8 Pro is only compatible on GSM networks, meaning it will work fine on AT&T and T-Mobile, but you’ll have to opt for another phone if you’re on CDMA networks like Verizon and Sprint.. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro proves that you don’t have to buy a crappy phone if you’re on a budget. It’s a good performer, and it helps that the battery lasts a decent amount of time.. It doesn’t have the latest version of Android, and it likely won’t get timely security updates, but it’s a fraction of the cost of flagship smartphones — some of which take just as long with updates.. At the $230 price point, the ZTE Blade V8 Pro can’t be beat. The Moto G5 Plus is better — if you get the 64GB storage and 4GB RAM variant, but that will set you back an extra $70. The $230 Moto G5 Plus comes with 32GB of storage and 2GB of RAM.. If you have the money to spare, decide whether you want a reversible, faster charging port, and the ability to use Android Pay — those are two features you’d lose with the G5 Plus. On the other hand, you get a better software experience with Android 7.0 Nougat, somewhat faster updates, and a slightly better camera.. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro should last at least two years – which is the standard lifespan of a smartphone these days. Towards the end it may slow down, especially if ZTE doesn’t keep up with updates.. If you’re on a tight budget and need a capable, reliable Android phone under $250, the Blade V8 Pro is the phone to get. If you’re into quick Android upgrades and security updates, this phone isn’t for you.. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
This case turns your iPhone into a modular device. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ hands-on: The devil is in the details. Everything you need to know from the biggest tech show on Earth. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro is yet another affordable dual-camera phone. It's the cheapest we've seen so far.. First the Honor 6x , then the ASUS ZenFone 3 Zoom and now the ZTE Blade V8 Pro. The phones being unveiled here at CES 2017 all sport dual cameras that let you take photos with a shallow depth-of-field effect similar to what you can do with the iPhone 7 Plus. The difference is this week's new devices generally cost much less than the iPhone (although we don't know the ZenFone's price), with the cheapest being the just-announced Blade V8 Pro. For $230, the handset offers a respectable set of features, including two 13-megapixel rear cameras, a 5.5-inch full-HD display and an octa-core Snapdragon processor. From my brief experience with a preview unit, the V8 Pro feels sturdier than the Honor 6x ($250) and has a slightly better dual-camera implementation, to boot.. Gallery: Hands-on: ZTE Blade V8 Pro | 16 Photos. Click here to catch up on the latest news from CES 2017.. First off, the Blade's two cameras have 13-megapixel sensors, which are sharper than the Honor's 12-megapixel and 2-megapixel pair. This resulted in the Blade delivering more-detailed pictures overall, and, at least during my brief trial, made for a more precise application of the bokeh (blurred background) effect. Like on the Honor, the Blade's setting lets you adjust the intensity of the effect. Simply drag a slider up for a smaller aperture (more bokeh) or down for a wider opening (less bokeh). To be clear, you're not actually changing the physical lens opening on the phone's cameras; this is simply a software trick made possible by a monochrome sensor that captures more detail than a single camera would.. In addition to bokeh, the V8 Pro's second camera has a fun monochrome mode that lets you see, in real time, your frame in black and white before you snap your photo. This is like having a live filter activated when you're taking your shot, but ZTE's execution here is better than most. The V8 Pro can also capture 4K video, and its 8-megapixel front camera captured crisp shots with accurate colors.. Below the V8 Pro's 5.5-inch full-HD display is a home button with an embedded fingerprint sensor, which is an uncommon feature for the price. The V8 Pro lets you open specific apps from the lock screen depending on what finger you scanned, which is a nifty application. My one gripe with the fingerprint sensor here is that you need to first press the button to wake up the phone before it will recognize your finger.. I liked the V8 Pro's sturdy metal finish until I flipped over the device. The backplate has a rubbery texture, and that difference in finish from the rest of the phone makes it feel like the back can be removed, which is not true. Still, it makes the device easier to grip, and the phone still feels more premium than the similarly priced Honor 6x.. ZTE equipped the V8 Pro with a 3140mAh battery, which the company says will last longer than its flagship Axon 7. That phone lasted through about a day and a half of everyday use when I tried it out. That's about the same as the 1.5 days to 2.5 days that Honor promises you'll get out of the 6x, which has a larger battery. The V8 Pro uses an octa-core Snapdragon 625 processor and comes with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage, which is expandable via microSD card.. This is the first time ZTE is bringing one of the Blade series of midrange smartphones to the US. The line, which is now in its eighth generation, has done well in Europe, Asia and Latin America, and the company confirmed it has sold more than 50 million Blade phones worldwide. You can preorder the V8 Pro now, and it is slated to ship January 11th.. BladeV8Pro , bokeh , CES2017 , DualCamera , gadgetry , gadgets , gear , mobile , smartphones , ZTE , ZteBlade , ZTEBladev8pro. Cherlynn is reviews editor of Engadget. She led a mostly unexciting life in Singapore, her home country, until she came to New York in 2012. Since then, she's earned her master's in journalism from Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism and covered smartphones and wearables for. Life is now like a Hollywood movie, with almost as many lights and much more Instagram. Canon's AI flash moves by itself to make portraits more flattering. The motorized Speedlite 470EX-AI finds the best angle to bounce light.. 'Papers, Please' official short film recreates the game's bleak tone. Arztotzka has never been so glorious.. Lenovo's Yoga 730 is a cheaper 2-in-1 with Alexa support. The company also announced the Flex 14 at Mobile World Congress.. The Xperia XZ2 is Sony's fastest, strangest flagship phone yet. And as usual, it has a tiny, equally powerful sibling.. Sony will sell its wireless 'open-ear' buds in the US. The Xperia Ear Duo lets you hear both the outside world and your music.. © 2018 Oath Tech Network Aol Tech. ear icon eye icon text file vr. 
Top Products Appliances Babies & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money All Products A-Z. Appliances Dishwashers Refrigerators Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines. Babies & Kids Car Seats Children’s Health High Chairs Strollers. Cars New & Used Cars Research Car Buying & Pricing Maintenance & Repair Tires. Health Blood Pressure Monitors Hearing Aids Treadmills Vitamins & Supplements. Home & Garden Snow Blowers Paints Generators Mattresses. Money Car Insurance Credit Cards Luggage Homeowners Insurance. Most Popular Space Heaters Air Purifiers Coffee Makers Clothes Dryers Cooktops & Wall Ovens Dishwashers Humidifiers Microwave Ovens Ranges Refrigerators Thermostats Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines Water Heaters. Cozy Up to a Space Heater. All Product Reviews Babies & Kids. Most Popular Air Purifiers Baby Monitors Bike Helmets Car Seats Children’s Health Cribs Doctors & Hospitals Food Health Insurance High Chairs Humidifiers Insect Repellent Strollers Thermometers. The Dangers of Winter Coats and Car Seats. Ratings & Recommended Cars New Cars Ratings Used Cars Ratings Best & Worst Lists. Ratings by Type Pickup Trucks Sedans Small Cars SUVs More. Ready to Shop All Car Buying & Pricing Advice Best New Car Deals Build & Buy Car Buying Service Used Car Marketplace. For Owners All Maintenance & Repair Car Battery Ratings Jump Starter Ratings Tire Ratings. Most Popular Computers Cameras Fitness Trackers Headphones Laptops Printers Smartphones Smartwatches Sound Bars Streaming Media Players Streaming Media Services Tablets TVs Wireless Routers. Smartphones With the Best Battery Life. Most Popular Bike Helmets Blood Glucose Meters Blood Pressure Monitors Doctors & Hospitals Elliptical Exercisers Fitness Trackers Food & Drink Guide Health Insurance Hearing Aids Heart Rate Monitors Insect Repellents Sunscreens Treadmills Vitamins & Supplements. The Best Way to Lose Weight for You. All Product Reviews Home & Garden. Most Popular Smoke & CO Detectors Flooring Chain Saws Generators Snow Blowers Mattresses Paints Pressure Washers String Trimmers Toilets Water Filters Windows. Most and Least Reliable Snow Blower Brands. Most Popular Airline Travel Banks & Credit Unions Car Insurance Credit Card Comparison Tool Credit Cards Eyeglass Stores Grocery Stores & Supermarkets Homeowners Insurance Luggage Pharmacies Prepaid Cards Student Debt Special Report. 6 Surprising Ways to Save Money. Please call Customer Care at 1-800-333-0663. By clicking " Become a Member " you accept the terms of our. We’re so glad to have you as a member. You now have access to benefits that can help you choose right, be safe and stay informed.. ZTE Blade V8 Pro First Look: Premium Features at a Low Price. This $230 device offers a 5.5-inch display, two rear cameras, a big battery, and support for two phone numbers—in a chunky package. Yes, send me a copy of this email.. We respect your privacy .. All email addresses you provide will be used just for sending this story.. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro is one of a. that provide all of the qualities you'd find in top-shelf phones at very affordable prices. In this case, the phone costs an almost-unbelievably low $230 but comes packed with high-end features.. These include a capacious battery, a large and vibrant display, and a microSD slot for expanding the phone's 32 gigabytes (GB) of onboard storage.. One of the V8 Pro's unusual benefits is a pair of rear-mounted cameras that work together to produce interesting effects. Dual cameras have just started to appear on expensive models such as the $900. We haven't started our lab tests yet—we'll wait until we can buy the phone at retail—but I've been using a press sample for several days and can offer first impressions. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro has its flaws, but overall I think it's a pretty good phone and great deal.. A big phone that's hard to hold. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro has a dazzling 5.5-inch 1080P display. Not so good is the fact that the phone feels oversized in the hand.. In recent years, smartphone makers such as Apple and Samsung have done a phenomenal job of squeezing. into cases that are comfortable to hold.. For instance, I can easily grip the large. in one hand and use my thumb to reach apps in the opposite corners of the desktop. That's largely because the phone's edges are tapered.. The Pro V8 is about the same size as the S7 edge, but it often requires me to use two hands: one to hold the phone, and the other to tap the screen.. A small number of smartphones now have a pair of cameras on the back. (This is separate from the selfie camera in front.) Typically, one rear-facing camera handles most shots while the other acts as either a zoom lens or a wide-angle lens for shooting objects that are nearby.. Only one of its two 13-megapixel cameras takes still pictures and videos. The second camera is there to produce effects such as bokeh, in which the subject is in focus while the background is blurred out. We'll formally evaluate image quality once we can buy a test sample. But one of our imaging experts took the press sample for a spin and said he liked its still images, especially under daylight conditions. Even pictures taken under low-light conditions had very little visual noise. For instance, objects shot in the shadows appeared too dark when we used auto settings. And autofocus was jumpy, especially in low light. (Consumers Reports has compiled a list of. the phones with the best cameras .). The bokeh worked well for the most part, according to our technician, particularly when we didn't want an extremely blurred background. When we did attempt to exaggerate the bokeh effect, it was difficult to get the camera to maintain the sharp focus where we wanted it, for instance on a subject's face. (For some reason, the camera kept focusing on her elbow.). Another interesting effect is Monochrome, which let you make objects colored red, green, or blue pop out in an otherwise black-and-white picture. This feature worked well except when colors straddled more than one hue, such as aqua or turquoise. In those cases, the result looked messy, with too many sections of the image appearing in color.. in our ratings have batteries that can keep functioning for more than a day. may very well hit that benchmark, too, once we test it in the lab. The battery gauge barely moved as I streamed lots of videos and performed other battery-killing activities over a period of hours. When the battery was nearly dead, I brought it back in just about 2 hours using a USB Type-C quick charger.. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro’s dual SIM-card slot allows you to add a second phone account, even from a different cellular provider. That can be very useful for people who want to make both business and personal calls from the same phone.. This is a GSM-based phone, which means you can use it with providers such as AT&T and T-Mobile, but not Sprint or Verizon. I used both a T-Mobile card and one from AT&T, and it was really cool switching between the two to make and take calls. You can view call logs and texts from both accounts on one screen.. The phone makes no assumptions about account preferences. Each time you place a call or send a text, you have to tell the V8 Pro which number to use by selecting the card at the base of the screen. Switching from one data plan to the other is more work: You have to go into settings.. The big downside to the V8 Pro’s SIM-card arrangement is that the second SIM card occupies the microSD slot.. That means you’ll have to choose between having two cell lines or extra storage.. Yes, send me a copy of this email.. We respect your privacy .. All email addresses you provide will be used just for sending this story.. Shopping links are provided by eBay Commerce Network and Amazon, which makes it easy to find the right product from a variety of online retailers. Clicking any of the links will take you to the retailer's website to shop for this product. Please note that Consumer Reports collects fees from both eBay Commerce Network and Amazon for referring users. We use 100% of these fees to fund our testing programs.. I'm a smartphone junkie who's always playing with the latest and greatest mobile gadgets, which helps me help you. Because like many of you, nothing pushes my buttons more than quirky smartphones, overpriced cell plans, and underwhelming wireless service. When I'm not staring at a mobile screen or twiddling with a device's settings, you'll find me quoting obscure movie dialogue and watching sci-fi movies from all eras.. Equifax Data Breach Was Bigger Than Previously Reported. How to Maximize Your Smartphone Battery Life. Account Settings Member Services Report a Safety Problem Career Opportunities. A-Z Index Product Index Car Index Video Index. Canada Extra en Español Media Room Newsletters Membership Ask CR. Consumers Union Consumerist Consumer Health Choices. © 2006 - 2018 Consumer Reports. © 2006 - 2018 Consumer Reports. 
more ... more .... more ... more .... MEMORY: 32 GB + MicroSD. View all photos (50). Click to read the full review. The Blade V8 Pro is a mid-range handset at heart, as the phone is powered by an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor, coupled with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of internal memory (expandable up to 128GB via microSD). It's worth noting that the phone features hybrid dual-SIM support, so you can either use two SIM cards, or one SIM card and a memory card. The physical Home button hides a fingerprint sensor. ZTE Blade V8 Pro sports a 5.5-inch display that supports full HD (1080p) resolution and Corning Gorilla Glass 3 coating. The phone is powered by a 3,140 mAh battery that features Quick Charge 2.0 support.. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Review ZTE Blade V8 Pro manual ZTE Blade V8 Pro benchmarks. Dimensions: 6.14 x 3.03 x 0.36 inches (156 x 77 x 9.1 mm). Weight: 6.53 oz (185 g) the average is 5.6 oz (159 g). Materials: Main body: Plastic; Accents: Metal. Features: Fingerprint (touch), Touch sensitive control keys. Display Physical size: 5.5 inches. Resolution: 1080 x 1920 pixels. Features: Scratch-resistant glass (Corning Gorilla Glass 3), Ambient light sensor, Proximity sensor. Pixel density - The pixel density of a display represents the number of pixels over an area of one inch. It’s measured in “pixels per inch”, or ppi. The higher the number, the more detailed and good-looking the display is.. Technology - There are two main screen technologies currently used in phones and tablets: LCD and AMOLED. The former usually features a light source and liquid crystals, while the latter is based on organic light-emitting diodes. Newer LCD variations like IPS-LCD and Super-LCD allow for very accurate color reproduction and very wide viewing angles, where no significant image quality loss is observed. Current AMOLED screens differ in such a way that they can exhibit much more saturated colors (sometimes too much) and incredibly high contrast levels, which is due to black color being completely black in AMOLED displays.. Screen-to-body ratio - Shows what part of the frontal area of a phone its screen occupies.. Hardware Features: Dual-camera (13-megapixel), Autofocus (Phase detection). Software Features: Touch to focus, Face detection, Self-timer, Digital zoom, Geo tagging. Settings: Exposure compensation, ISO control, White balance presets, Shutter speed control. Shooting Modes: Burst mode, High Dynamic Range mode (HDR), Panorama, Scenes, Effects. 3840x2160 (4K), 1920x1080 (1080p HD), 1280x720 (720p HD) (120 fps). Features: Time-lapse video, Video calling, Video sharing. Octa-core, 2000 MHz, ARM Cortex-A53, 64-bit. System chip - Most modern handsets use an advanced chip that includes many of the device’s hardware modules like the processor, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and sometimes even the wireless radio. This field shows what particular system chip (or System-on-a-Chip) is used in the phone.. Processor - The processor is the main computing component of a phone and is a major factor when it comes to the overall speed of the device. Some more powerful smartphones use dual-core and quad-core processors designed to deliver greater performance.. Graphics processor - The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system and especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.. System memory - System memory, or RAM memory is the type of memory that the device uses to temporarily store data from the OS or currently-running apps. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.. Built-in storage - Bigger storage capacity allows you to keep more content saved onto your device, such as more applications, photos or video. Games and video content typically take up the biggest amount of storage space.. Storage expansion - Some handsets allow you to expand their storage capacity by using a memory expansion card – most often microSD. Expansion memory is mostly suitable for media storage, such as photo, video or music content.. Talk time: 24.00 hours the average is 20 h (1229 min). Stand-by time: 23.0 days (552 hours) the average is 21 days (502 h). Capacity - The bigger, the better! However, battery capacity is not the only factor that has an effect on battery life. Those include the chipset in use, the software running on the device, as well as the consumer's unique usage pattern.. Multimedia Screen mirroring: Wireless screen share. Filter by: Album, Artist, Genre, Playlists. Features: Album art cover, Background playback. Cellular GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz. LTE (FDD): Bands 2, 4, 5, 7, 12. Data: LTE Cat 4 (150/50 Mbit/s), HSPA. Multiple SIM cards: 2 slots, Shared with microSD. Other features: Voice dialing, Voice commands, Voice recording, TTY/TDD. 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, dual-band. Features: Mass storage device, USB charging. Other: NFC, Tethering, Computer sync, OTA sync. Positioning - This field shows the positioning systems supported by the device. The most common types are GPS and A-GPS.. GPS - This is one of the most widespread global positioning technologies, developed and maintained by the U.S. It uses satellites in order to detect your location. A-GPS - A-GPS stands for Assisted GPS and is the industry standard for positioning and navigation. “Assisted” means that it can use local wireless networks, in addition to satellites, for quicker and more precise localization.. Availability Officially announced: 04 Jan 2017. Shopping information MSRP price: $ 230. FCC approval - The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is an independent United States government agency, directly responsible to Congress. The FCC was established by the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with regulating interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite and cable. The FCC's jurisdiction covers the 50 states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. Every wireless phone device that is sold in the U.S. has to be tested and approved for sale by the FCC.. Date approved - Shows the date when the particular phone is approved by the Federal Communications Commission. FCC ID value - Shows the FCC Identifying value of the particular phone. FCC measured SAR - Working closely with federal health and safety agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the FCC has adopted limits for safe exposure to radiofrequency (RF) energy. These limits are given in terms of a unit referred to as the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), which is a measure of the amount of radio frequency energy absorbed by the body when using a mobile phone. The FCC requires cell phone manufacturers to ensure that their phones comply with these objective limits for safe exposure. Any cell phone at or below these SAR levels (that is, any phone legally sold in the U.S.) is a "safe" phone, as measured by these standards. The FCC limit for public exposure from cellular telephones is an SAR level of 1.6 watts per kilogram (1.6 W/kg).. To see the full specifications with in-depth details click here.. This device is also known as. Despite our efforts to provide full and correct ZTE Blade V8 Pro specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. If you see any wrong or incomplete data, please LET US KNOW .. If you are interested in using our specs commercially, check out our Phone specs database licensing page.. $140 Buy. Deal: Unlocked ZTE Blade V8 Pro with dual-camera on sale for just $150. The first software update for the ZTE Blade V8 Pro brings performance enhancements and more. ZTE Blade V8 Pro is on sale and ships today. Hands on with the ZTE Blade V8 Pro - another budget, dual-camera smartphone. The Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ have game-changing cameras with variable aperture and 960fps slow-mo video recording. The Big Barcelona Camera Comparison: iPhone X vs Pixel 2 XL vs Note 8. Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+ rumor review: Specs, design, features, price and release date. Sony presents Xperia XZ2 and XZ2 Compact: new design and Snapdragon 845. Galaxy S9 Exynos edition gets benchmarked against rivals!. Galaxy S9 first camera comparison vs iPhone X, V30, S8. Samsung Galaxy S9 & S9+ hands-on. MWC 2018: top smartphones to expect. Best smartphone you can buy in 2018. Allo is a quality app, but Google isn't giving it a real chance. All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2018 phoneArena.com. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy. 
ZTE Blade V8 Pro: Our first take. ZTE's $240 Blade V8 Pro performs the same camera tricks as the iPhone 7 Plus for so much less. Jealous of the iPhone 7 Plus and its cool dual-lens camera, but don’t have the inclination to spend the many hundreds of dollars needed to own one? ZTE may have the solution with the Blade V8 Pro, an Android phone with a similar dual-lens camera, which costs just $230. ZTE has been impressing us recently with the Axon 7 and Axon 7 Mini , but how will it do with the Blade V8 Pro? It’s the first time a Blade series phone has been announced for the U.S., with the series previously only being sold internationally.. The Blade V8 Pro is a relatively cheap way to get in on the dual-cam craze.. If you’ve handled the Axon 7, you may be expecting the Blade V8 Pro to have a sleek metal body. This is a mid-range phone with a plastic back cover, matched to a metal chassis, but is surprisingly heavy at 185 grams. At 9mm thick, it’s comfortable and chunky to hold, and the 5.5-inch 1,920 x 1,080 pixel screen is attractive. There’s a physical home button under the screen that also holds a fingerprint sensor, a feature we don’t always see on phones at this price.. The dual-lens camera consists of two 13-megapixel lenses. The two work together to create the bokeh, blurred background effect, similar to that on the iPhone 7 Plus, Huawei’s Mate 9 and P9, and several other phones. The Blade V8 Pro’s software works in a very similar way to Huawei’s system. Tap a special button to activate the dual-lens effect, snap your photo, then change the focal point afterward. We didn’t spend enough time with the phone to really judge the results, but we really liked the various fun filters ZTE has included. A live “sketch” mode turned the view into a wild, hand-drawn world, for example. Powering the phone is a Qualcomm Snapdragon 625, a new processor that trumps the Moto G4 Plus , a natural competitor of the Blade V8 Pro, that has also been used in the much more expensive Huawei Nova. It’s accompanied by 2GB of RAM and 32GB internal storage space.. Audio has become a strong ZTE trademark feature, and the Axon phones both sound superb. The Blade V8 Pro continues the tradition, and although the audio chip isn’t quite at the Axon level, it promises great performance. Dolby audio tweaks are also onboard. It’s Android 6.0 installed, and like other U.S. released ZTE phones, it’s close to standard, with only a small amount of user interface tweaking on ZTE’s part. This is good news, but we’d have preferred to have Android 7.0 installed right from the start. Returning to the good news, the 3,140mAh battery has quick charge technology, something the new Honor 6X doesn’t have, and there’s a MicroSD card slot.. It’s very difficult to fault a phone that packs in one of the current must-have features — the dual camera — and costs $230. We like the simple design and 2.5D curved glass and the use of an up-to-date Snapdragon processor, but aren’t pleased to hear there aren’t any plans to offer it through a carrier at the moment. If you want a Blade V8 Pro, you’ll have to buy it direct through ZTE. It’s not a massive deal, but it may put some people off.. Provided that’s not you (and it shouldn’t be), the Blade V8 Pro is a relatively cheap way to get in on the dual-cam craze. ZTE impressed us in 2016, and with the Blade V8 Pro, it’s off to a solid start in 2017.. ZTE debuts budget-friendly Blade V9, and its first Android Go-powered phone. All phones in Alcatel’s 2018 budget lineup feature an 18:9 display. Vuzix serves up new ways to get your hands on its cool Blade smartglasses. 4 cameras and a mirror-like finish make the midrange Honor 9 Lite stand out. The Samsung Galaxy S9 is finally here: Here's everything you need to know. Asus ROG leaks announcement of a 4K HDR gaming monitor -- the Swift PG27UQ. ZTE debuts budget-friendly Blade V9, and its first Android Go-powered phone. Here are all the Nokia phones HMD Global unveiled at MWC 2018. Add Us To Your Social Channels. Digital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks. 
Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. eBay > Cell Phones & Accessories > Cell Phones & Smartphones. ZTE Blade V8 Pro - 32GB - Black Diamond (Unlocked) Smartphone. 4.7 average based on 7 product ratings. The lowest-priced brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is applicable).Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag.See details for additional description.. Get it by Mon, Mar 5 - Wed, Mar 14 from Memphis, Tennessee • New condition • Returns accepted - 14 days money back. GSM: 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. MP3, AAC, AAC v1, AAC v2, IMY, MIDI, Ogg, AMR-WB, AMR-NB, APE, WAV. ( 1791 ) 100.0% Positive feedback. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Top picked items. Get it by Mon, Mar 5 - Wed, Mar 14 from Memphis, Tennessee. Get it by Tue, Mar 6 - Mon, Mar 12 from Bronx, New York. item 1 ZTE Blade V8 Pro - 32GB - Black Diamond (Unlocked) Smartphone - ZTE Blade V8 Pro - 32GB - Black Diamond (Unlocked) Smartphone. item 2 ZTE Blade V8 Pro Z978 32GB Unlocked GSM Phone w/ Dual 13MP Camera - Black - ZTE Blade V8 Pro Z978 32GB Unlocked GSM Phone w/ Dual 13MP Camera - Black. item 3 BRAND NEW SEALED ZTE Blade V8 Pro 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone Model Z978 - BRAND NEW SEALED ZTE Blade V8 Pro 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone Model Z978. item 4 ZTE Blade V8 Pro Z978 32GB Unlocked GSM Phone w/ Dual 13MP Camera - Black - ZTE Blade V8 Pro Z978 32GB Unlocked GSM Phone w/ Dual 13MP Camera - Black. item 5 BRAND NEW ZTE Blade V8 Pro 32GB (Black Diamond) Unlocked GSM Android Smartphone - BRAND NEW ZTE Blade V8 Pro 32GB (Black Diamond) Unlocked GSM Android Smartphone. item 6 ZTE Blade V8 Pro - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone New Sealed - ZTE Blade V8 Pro - 32GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone New Sealed. item 7 ZTE Blade V8 Pro 5.5" 1920x1080 Dual SIM Unlocked Smartphone 32GB 3GB RAM Black - ZTE Blade V8 Pro 5.5" 1920x1080 Dual SIM Unlocked Smartphone 32GB 3GB RAM Black. ZTE Blade V8 Pro - 32GB - Black Diamond (Unlocked) Smartphone. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Compare similar products. ZTE ZMAX Pro Z981 - 32GB - Black (MetroPCS) Smartphone. ZTE BLADE Z MAX Z982 32GB (MetroPCS) Smartphone. ZTE ZMAX Z970 - 16GB - Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. ZTE AXON 7 - 64GB - Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone. ZTE ZMAX 2 Z958 - 16GB - Black (AT&T) Smartphone. ZTE Axon Pro - 32GB - Phthalo Blue (Unlocked) Smartphone. ZTE ZMAX Z970 - 16GB - Black (MetroPCS) Smartphone. BLU Vivo 5 - 32GB - Liquid Silver (Unlocked) Smartphone. ZTE AXON 7 Mini - 32GB - Ion Gold (Unlocked) Smartphone. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - 16GB - Gray (Cricket) Smartphone. by speer5150 Nov 20, 2017. Excellent battery life, with Snapdragon 625. The only phone I've had that would go a day and a half on one charge. And I use phones all day long. Great quality FHD gorilla glass screen and dual cameras. I was impressed by this phone. It did everything that my LG G5 daily driver could do, for half the price. With expandable storage, 3GB RAM and 32 GB storage, this should be a phone that can stand the test of time. If I were to find any cons, I'd say it is a bit heavy, camera low-light performance isn't great, and speaker dynamic range could be better.. by akaezepingo_2 Jan 19, 2018. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned. by march0055 Dec 02, 2017. So far works great and I am pleased. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Refurbished. by nick8976 Feb 16, 2018. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Refurbished. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Explore Buying Guides. How to Choose a Touch Watch to Pair With Your Smartphone. What to Look for When Buying a Motorola V3. Top 8 Most Popular Unlocked Phones. The Top 8 Apps for the Samsung Galaxy S5. What Makes the Sony Xperia Miro a Social Smartphone?. Top 8 Advantages of the Apple iPhone 2G. Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Best Selling in Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Black Onyx (Verizon) Smartphone. $306.99 New $99.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. $299.99 New $139.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950U - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $569.00 New $389.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone. $199.99 New $104.99 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Charcoal Black (AT&T) Smartphone. $139.99 New $71.95 Used. Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB - Shimmery White (AT&T) Smartphone. $129.99 New $60.00 Used. Samsung Galaxy S8+ SM-G955 - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. $606.15 New $340.00 Used. Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Save on Cell Phones & Smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S7 G930V 4G LTE 32GB 4RAM 5.1" HD 12MP Android Unlocked Phone NEW. New Samsung Galaxy S7 SM-G930 - 32GB - Gold Platinum (Verizon) Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S8 SM-G950U - 64GB - Midnight Black (Unlocked) Smartphone. Samsung Galaxy S6 SM-G920V - 32GB - White Pearl (Verizon) Smartphone Unlocked. "NEW" Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A AT&T Unlocked 16GB Phone Shadow - all Colors. Inbox New Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900A - 16GB Shimmery White - AT&T - GSM Unlocked. Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- You may also like. ZTE Unlocked 32GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. ZTE Axon Unlocked 32GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. ZTE Zmax Unlocked 32GB Cell Phones & Smartphones. This item doesn't belong on this page.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Your Local Store Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order Help. Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on 3 reviews 3 reviews ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. Tell us if something is incorrect. Sold & shipped by AMI Ventures Inc. Ship to 94066 See shipping options. Free pickup not available from this seller Choose a store Free pickup not available from this seller. Avoid unexpected repair costs with a $0 deductible Care Plan. Avoid costly repairs and protect your purchase from unexpected breakdowns above and beyond the manufacturers warranty. Simply add a $0 deductible Care Plan. Add 2-Year Protection $ 14. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. Ship to 94066 See shipping options. Free pickup not available from this seller Choose a store Free pickup not available from this seller. Sold & Shipped by Rocky Mountain Textbooks. Tell us if something is incorrect. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. relevancy helpful submission-desc submission-asc rating-desc rating-asc. A very good phone two thumbs up. Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. I bought this phone about 2 weeks ago I absolutely love the camera why one of the best ones I've had. Yes (5) No (1) Report. Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. Very impressed with this budget phone. Only draw back I can think of is sub par video recording. But for the price, amazing battery life, display performance, camera performance and build quality. Really keeps up with current flagship devices.. Yes (0) No (0) Report. 1-3 of 3 reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-166164268, DC-prod-dal1, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Sign In · Register. Home › Blade V8 PRO. It looks like you're new here. If you want to get involved, click one of these buttons!. Forums Recent Discussions. Activity Best Of... 6.9K Forums 8.1K Products. 1 Bigger, Bolder, Better Than Ever - The Blade Z MAX. 5 BLADE Z MAX vs. Joined on: December 9, 2016. sshasan AmyXie petershih Aerospaceman ironbaybeedoll fzrrich musicdjm zeek!. « 1 2 3 4 5 6 ». When is The ZTE Blade V8 Pro, Going To Update to Android Nougat Or Oreo?. Please Seriously Is A Brand New 2017 phone, It should of Already have Android Nougat, Not Android M…. Had so many issues since buying off Amazon. Had to break open the sim tray( weak plastic crap thing…. SOFTWARE UPDATE: Blade V8 PRO now on Build 19. The first Blade V8 Pro software update has arrived. This update addresses several issues that users…. Purchased the ZTE Blaze Pro recently. When I am on a call it disconnect me, on speaker and not on s…. Sent in for Repair, phone was returned without any repairs. Have my Blade V8 Pro for almost a year now. The camera lens cover has accumulated some dust on the …. Faulty SIM slot out of box!. I bought this phone because I happy with my axon a1. Z CFA CPA. After spending months searching for the right replacement phone, I have made what has turned out to…. I have ton of dust under the glass protecting the camera of my Blade V8 Pro. Where to find ZTE Blade v8 Pro Stock Rom?. Does anyone have a link to the stock ROM for this phone?. I am suffering from a nasty …. i bought this phone off amazon new in mid december. for last couple weeks my contact list been gett…. I fell in love several years ago-with my first ZTE! Bagged to everyone how awesome the brand was..... Each new ZTE get worse, and worse. Consumers settings seem to be strangeled more and more. Answered CFA CPA. When will blade v8 pro get android 7.0.1 update since lower cost phones are getting it like the zmax 1 2. I am very existed and cant wait any longer to know when I will be able to upgrade.. Z CFA CPA. Blade V8 Pro vs Honor 6X 1 2. USB type C and NFC trumps none of these all the time.. I am waiting to see when the reviews come ou…. Why can't you have Apps on your Blade V8 Pro's SD Card?. Why did ZTE decide to prevent the installation or moving of Apps to the SD Card?. Has anyone experienced an intermittent static buzz while in Bluetooth speakers when listening for l…. Answered CFA CPA. Hello there people! Lately my phone has been draining battery badly. I've done a factory reset, cle…. Hi everyone! I just thought you should be made aware that the Blade Pro V8 64gb DOESN'T ALLOW you …. Does anybody know how to disassembly the Blade V8 pro? My phone is dead.. A couple of days ago when I turned on my phone screen, a message saying "power off" appea…. I just got this phone as a present for Xmas. A week ago, it did an Android update and …. Hey, hope you had an amazing new year celebration.. Few months ago i posted a problem that i was ha…. Is the blade v8 pro gonna receive Android 7. Would like to know if the blade v8 pro is gonna receive the Android 7 update.. What is ZTE doing about the new Spectre and Meltdown vulnerabilities? These vulnerabilities affect…. When will the Android 7.0 update for the blade v8 pro come out. I just got this phone like 5 months ago and it really great good battery life and performance but I…. My fingerprint scanner stoped working and my earphones jack sometimes stops working until I restart…. Answered Locked CFA. zte blade v8 pro screeching sound with bluetooth. My ZTE Blade V8 Pro periodically starts making a screeching noise when connected to bluetooth. Brand new Blade V8 Pro for $115.. If you're in the market for a great midrange phone you can't beat this deal.. Save pictures in SD Card instead of internal storage. I recently bought the ZTE Blade V8 and I"m not able to configure my phone to automaticaly save my p…. Is the Blade V 8 pro a solid device. Answered CFA CPA. Hey, I'm having some troubles by having 2 or more apps opened at same time, for example: Opened Wha…. This is my first Blade v8 pro and I finally got it to receive messages and calls, I changed a weird…. « 1 2 3 4 5 6 ». Hey! You will be signed out in 60 seconds due to inactivity.. Click here to continue using the site.. © 1998 - 2017 ZTE Corporation and ZTE USA. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder ZTE Blade V8 Pro. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. ZTE Blade V8 Pro smartphone was launched in January 2017. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 1080 pixels by 1920 pixels at a PPI of 401 pixels per inch. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro is powered by 2GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the ZTE Blade V8 Pro packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 8-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro runs Android 6.0.1 and is powered by a 3140mAh non removable battery. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Nano-SIM and Nano-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, NFC and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer and Ambient light sensor.. ZTE Blade V8 Pro With Dual Camera Setup Launched at CES 2017; Project CSX Smartphone Hawkeye Unveiled. More ZTE mobiles ZTE mobiles price in India. ZTE Blade V8 Pro detailed specifications. Release date January 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Weight (g) 185.00 Battery capacity (mAh) 3140 Removable battery No Colours Black Diamond. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 1080x1920 pixels Pixels per inch (PPI) 401. Processor 2GHz octa-core Processor make Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash Dual LED Front camera 8-megapixel Front Flash Yes. Wi-Fi Yes Wi-Fi standards supported 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes, v 4.20 NFC Yes Infrared No USB OTG No Headphones 3.5mm FM No Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G No 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 SIM Type Nano-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G No 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope No Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for ZTE Blade V8 Pro. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. ZTE Blade V8 Pro With Dual Camera Setup Launched at CES 2017; Project CSX Smartphone Hawkeye Unveiled. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Blade V9 ZTE Blade A3 ZTE Axon M ZTE Nubia Z17 miniS ZTE Nubia Z17S ZTE Blade A2S ZTE Nubia Z17 Lite ZTE Blade V7 Plus ZTE Small Fresh 5 ZTE Nubia M2 Play ZTE V870 ZTE Nubia Z17 ZTE Blade X Max ZTE Max XL ZTE Blade Max 3 ZTE Nubia Z17 mini ZTE Nubia N2 ZTE Nubia M2 Lite ZTE Nubia M2 ZTE Nubia N1 lite ZTE Blade V8 Lite ZTE Blade V8 Mini ZTE Blade A2 Plus ZTE Hawkeye ZTE Blade V8 ZTE CYMBAL-T ZTE Axon 7 Max. Zte Blade V8 Lite vs. Zte Blade V8 Pro vs. Zte Blade V7 Max Zte Blade V8 Pro vs. Asus Zenfone 3 Zoom Zte Blade V8 Pro vs. Motorola Moto Z Play Alcatel A3 Xl vs. Zte Blade V8 Pro Zte Blade V8 Pro vs. Asus Zenfone 3 Zoom Zte Blade V8 Pro vs. Zen Admire Dragon Zte Blade V8 Lite vs. Zte Blade V8 Pro Zte Blade V8 Pro vs. Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 vs. LG G4 Dual Sim Dual Lte vs. Samsung Galaxy S6 Zte Blade V8 Pro vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Zte Blade V8 Pro vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. 799: Report Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8 Sirocco With Dual Rear Cameras, Curved Glass Design Launched. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics ZTE Blade V8 Pro in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Zte Manuals Cell Phone blade V8 PRO User manual Zte blade V8 PRO User Manual. Related Manuals for Zte blade V8 PRO. Cell Phone Zte BLADE V8 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte Blade V8 LIite User Manual. Cell Phone Zte V887 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte V809 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte Skinny V812 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte V817 Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Zte V875 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte V875 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte V821 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte V8110 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte V800 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte BLADE VEC PRO User Manual. Cell Phone Zte blade III pro Quick Start Manual. Cell Phone Zte ZTE-J G730 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte Max Duo Z963VL User Manual. Zte-j gota digital mobile phone (64 pages). Summary of Contents for Zte blade V8 PRO. Page 14: Installing The Nano-sim Cards And Storage Card. Page 18: Extending The Battery Life. Page 19: Locking/unlocking The Screen And Keys. Page 20: Using The Touch Screen. Page 23: Getting To Know The Home Screen. Page 27: Changing Ringtone And Notification Sound. Page 28: Turning On/off System Sounds. Page 29: Using Do Not Disturb Mode. Page 32: Setting The Home Screen Transition Effect. Page 37: Respond To Or Remove A Notification. Page 40: Managing Shortcuts And Widgets. Page 42: Rearranging The Primary Shortcuts. Page 43: Change Input Methods, Google Keyboard. Page 52: Opening And Switching Apps. Page 53: Uninstalling Or Disabling An App. Page 54: Connecting To Networks And Devices. Page 61: Connecting To Bluetooth Devices. Page 63: Exchanging Data Via Nfc. Page 64: Using Tap & Pay. Page 65: Connecting To Your Computer Via Usb. Page 67: Using The Microsdxc Card As Portable Storage. Page 68: Using Usb On-the-go (otg). Page 71: Connecting To Virtual Private Networks. Page 72: Connect To A Vpn. Page 74: Answering Or Rejecting Calls. Page 75: Working With The Call History. Page 77: Using Options During A Call. Page 79: Adjusting Your Call Settings. Page 87: Setting Up Your Own Profile. Page 89: Working With Favorite Contacts. Page 91: Searching For A Contact. Page 98: Replying To A Message. Page 100: Deleting Messages Or Threads. Page 103: Editing, Deleting Or Sharing An Event. Page 112: Using Manual Camera Mode. Page 113: Using Other Camera Modes. Page 121: Making A Gif Picture Or A Collage. Page 124: Viewing Your Music Library. Page 129: More Apps And Features. Page 132: Play A Voice Memo. Page 137: Creating A Google Walletâ¢ Account. Page 140: Data Usage, Airplane Mode. Page 160: Fcc Rf Exposure Information (sar). Page 164: Hearing Aid Compatibility (hac) Regulations For Mobile Phones. Page 169: Normal Use Position, Air Bags. Page 170: Repetitive Strain Injuries, Emergency Calls, Loud Noise, Phone Heating. Page 174: Blasting Caps And Areas. About This Manual Thank you for choosing this ZTE mobile device. In order to keep your device in its best condition, please read this manual and keep it for future reference. Copyright Copyright © 2016 ZTE CORPORATION All rights reserved.. ® The Bluetooth trademark and logos are owned by the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such trademarks by ZTE Corporation is under license. microSDXC Logo is a trademark of SD-3C, LLC. Manufactured under license from Dolby Laboratories. Dolby, Dolby Audio, and the double-D symbol are trademarks of Dolby Laboratories.. Getting to Know Your Phone ..........11. Installing the nano-SIM Cards and Storage Card ....14. Setting the Home Screen Transition Effect ......32. Protecting Your Phone With Screen Locks ......32. Using Your Fingerprint ............33 Knowing the Basics ..........35. Sharing Your Mobile Data Connection ....... Connecting to Virtual Private Networks ......71 Phone Calls ............73. Configuring Account Sync ..........95 Messaging .............. Changing Browser Settings ..........107 Camera ..............108. Managing Video Files ............128 More Apps and Features ........129. FCC RF Exposure Information (SAR) ......160. 163 Hearing Aid Compatibility (HAC) regulations for Mobile. Getting Started Getting to Know Your Phone Auxiliary microphone Headset jack Earpiece Indicator light Front camera Proximity & light 8 MP sensor nano-SIM/ microSDXC card tray Touch screen Home key & Fingerprint sensor Back key Recent apps key.... Dual-lens back camera Dual-flash 13 MP / 13 MP Volume key Power key Speaker Main microphone Charging/USB Type-C jack.... Knowing the Keys Function  Press and hold to turn on or off airplane mode, control sound and vibration, restart, or Power key power off.  Press to turn off or on the screen display. Press or hold either end of the key to turn the Volume key volume up or down.. Installing the nano-SIM Cards and Storage Card Your phone supports two nano-SIM cards, or you can use one nano-SIM card and one microSDXC card (optional, not included). A microSDXC card can be installed or removed while the phone is turned on. You need to unmount the microSDXC card before removing it.. Place the nano-SIM/microSDXC card on the tray with the gold-colored contacts facing down. Then carefully slide the tray back into place. nano-SIM 2 / nano- SIM 1 microSDXC NOTE: When two nano-SIM cards are installed, pay attention to the following restrictions.. CAUTION: Do not change the built-in rechargeable battery in your phone by yourself. The battery can only be changed by ZTE or ZTE authorized service provider. NOTE: Use the charger that comes in-box with your phone to charge the battery.. Connect the charger to a standard AC power outlet. If the phone is on, you’ll see a charging icon, such as appear on the status bar. Disconnect the charger when the battery is fully charged. NOTE: If the battery is extremely low, the phone may not power on even while charging.. Extending the Battery Life Active applications, screen brightness levels, Bluetooth and Wi-Fi usage and GPS functionality can drain your battery. You can follow the helpful tips below to conserve your battery power: Use the Power manager feature in Settings.  Reduce the screen backlight time.. Touch the language field to select a language. Then touch and follow the prompts to set up Wi-Fi, name, device protection, Google services and other options. Locking/Unlocking the Screen and Keys Your phone allows you to quickly lock the screen and keys (put the phone to sleep mode) when not in use and to turn the screen back on and unlock it when you need it.. NOTE: If you have set a fingerprint, a pattern, a PIN or a complex password for your phone (see Protecting Your Phone With Screen Locks), you’ll need to touch the Home key, draw the pattern or enter the PIN/password to unlock your screen. Using the Touch Screen Your phone’s touch screen enables you to control actions through a variety of touch gestures.. Touch and Hold  To open the available options for an item (for example, a message or link in a web page), touch and hold the item. Swipe or Slide  To swipe or slide means to quickly drag your finger vertically or horizontally across the screen.. Drag  To drag, press and hold your finger with some pressure before you start to move your finger. While dragging, do not release your finger until you have reached the target position. Pinch  In some apps (such as Maps, web browser, and Gallery), you can zoom in and out by placing two fingers on the screen at once and pinching them together (to zoom out) or spreading them apart (to zoom in).. Rotate the screen  For most screens, you can automatically change the screen orientation from portrait to landscape by turning the phone sideways. NOTE: The auto-rotate feature needs to be enabled for the screen orientation to automatically change. Press the Home key > >.... Status bar Widgets Folder Shortcut Primary shortcuts Extended Home Screen Panels Your home screen is extendable, providing more space for shortcuts, widgets, and more. Simply swipe left or right on the home screen to see the extended panels. You can add or remove home screen panels, or adjust their order.. To delete a home screen panel: 1. Touch and hold an empty area of the home screen and slide left or right to view the home screen thumbnails. Touch on the top right corner of a thumbnail. The items on the panel will also be removed. NOTE: When there is only one home screen panel, you cannot delete it any more.. Personalizing Changing the System Language 1. Press the Home key > > Settings > All settings > Language & input > Language. Setting the Date and Time 1. Press the Home key > > Settings > All settings > Date &.... To display time other than your local time on the lock  screen, switch on Display dual clocks on lock screen and touch it to choose a city/time zone. Changing Ringtone and Notification Sound You can customize the default incoming call ringtone, message tone, and the default notification sound.. Press the Home key > > Settings > All settings > Sounds & vibration. Switch on or off Dial pad tones, Screen locking sounds, Touch sounds, Vibrate on touch, or Silent boot. Swipe down from the top of the screen to open the notification  panel and drag the panel downwards. Touch Normal or Vibrate to switch the phone to vibration or silent mode. Press the Home key > > Settings > All settings > .... To set exceptions for Do not disturb mode: You can set reminders, certain calls and messages as exceptions when Do not disturb mode is on, so these ringtones, sounds and vibration are not turned off. Press the Home key > >.... While setting the lock screen wallpaper, instead of  choosing a static picture, you can touch ZTE Locker and turn on the switch to the right to get dynamically changing pictures for the lock screen. NOTE: To set the home screen wallpaper, you can also touch and hold an empty area of the home screen and select the Wallpapers tab.. Setting the Home Screen Transition Effect 1. Touch and hold an empty place on the home screen. In the window that appears at the bottom, touch Effects. Pick an effect and the phone will demonstrate how it works. Touch other effects until you find the favorite one.. NOTE: Remember the pattern, PIN or password you set. Otherwise, you will have to upgrade the phone software to use the phone. Using Your Fingerprint With the fingerprint sensor integrated in the Home key, you can register up to 5 fingerprints and use them to unlock the phone or open bound apps.. Press the Home key > > Settings > All settings > Fingerprint. Touch the switch next to Unlock your phone or touch Quick-open app. Unlock your phone: When the screen lock (Pattern, PIN  or Complex password) is enabled, you can wake up the phone and unlock it with a registered fingerprint.. Knowing the Basics Monitoring the Phone Status The status bar at the top of the home screen provides phone and service status icons on the right side. Below are some of the icons you may see. EDGE/2G connected No signal 3G/HSPA+ connected Signal strength 4G LTE connected.... Managing Notifications Notification Icons The status bar at the top of the home screen provides notification icons on the left. Below are some of the icons you may see. New SMS Upcoming event New message(s) from New Wi-Fi network the Gmail™ app detected Missed call Downloading data.... Respond to or Remove a Notification In the notification panel, you can respond to a notification or remove the notifications. The notification panel also supports expandable notifications that let you perform additional actions right from the notification itself.  To respond to a notification, just touch it. Use Quick Settings The Quick Settings make it convenient to view or change the most common settings for your phone. Open the notification panel and drag the panel downwards to find the following Quick Settings on the screen.  Wi-Fi: Touch to turn on or off Wi-Fi. Touch and hold to open the Wi-Fi menu in Settings..  Airplane mode: Touch to turn on or off airplane mode.  Smart power: Touch to turn on or off Smart Power. Touch and hold to open the Power manager menu in Settings.  Ultra power saving: Touch to turn on or off Ultra Power Saving Mode.. Managing Shortcuts and Widgets Add Shortcuts and Widgets 1. Press the Home key > - or - To add widgets, touch and hold an empty area of the home screen and select Widgets. Slide up or down to browse through available applications, or left or right to find the widget you need.. Touch and hold a widget on the home screen and then release it. An outline appears around the widget. Drag the outline to resize the widget. NOTE: Not all widgets can be resized. Organizing With Folders You can create folders on the home screen and add several shortcuts to a folder.. Rearranging the Primary Shortcuts The home screen includes a customizable primary shortcuts area at the bottom visible from all home screens. You can keep at most four items in the primary shortcuts area. Drag shortcuts or folders in or out of the area to rearrange it. Entering Text You can enter text using the onscreen keyboard.. When you use the onscreen keyboard to enter text, open the notification panel and touch (Change keyboard). Select the input method you need. NOTE: The Change keyboard notification appears only when more than one keyboard input method is installed and enabled. Google Keyboard The Google Keyboard provides a layout similar to a desktop computer keyboard..  Touch the alphabetic keys to enter letters. Touch and hold some specific keys to enter associated accented letters or numbers. For example, to enter È, touch and hold the available accented letters and number 3 appear. Gesture Typing The Google Keyboard supports the gesture typing feature. You use this feature to input a word by sliding through the letters. To enable and use gesture typing: Touch and hold on the Google Keyboard and then touch Google Keyboard settings. Touch Gesture typing and then touch Enable gesture typing if this feature is turned off.. TouchPal Keyboard TouchPal Keyboard offers three layouts: FULL, PHONEPAD and T+. You can touch to select a layout or an input language. ® You can also use Curve and Wave™ to speed up text input by moving your finger from letter to letter or word from word without lifting the finger..  Word prediction: Touch and hold and tap the prediction switch to turn on or off prediction.  Pre-defined texts: Touch to enter digits, symbols, and other pre-defined texts. You can touch the arrow keys to turn pages, or touch to go back to the alphabetic keys.. Touch an alphabetic key repeatedly until the desired letter appears. You can also touch and hold the key and slide left or right to choose the letter or number you need. If word prediction is enabled ( ), just touch the keys once and choose the right word.. Curve Word Gesture Curve allows you to enter text by moving your finger on the screen from letter to letter to enter each word. To enable and use Curve: 1. On the TouchPal keyboard, touch > Settings > Smart ® input and check Curve - Word gesture.. Wave Sentence Gesture Wave allows you to enter words by dragging candidate words to the space key. To enable and use Wave: 1. On the TouchPal keyboard, touch > Settings > Smart input and check Wave™ - Sentence gesture. Touch the Back key to return to the text field. Open the TouchPal keyboard and switch to the Full layout.. NOTE: Wave is only available in the Full layout. Google Voice Typing Google Voice typing uses the Google voice recognition service to convert speech to text. Touch to access the voice typing feature when you are using the Google Keyboard. Or touch in the notification panel and then select Google voice typing..  Cut or copy: Select the text you want to manipulate. Then touch the CUT or COPY to cut or copy the text to the clipboard.  Replace text with the clipboard text: Select the text you want to replace. Uninstalling or Disabling an App 1. Press the Home key > to open the application list screen. Touch and hold an application icon and drag the icon to (Uninstall) or (Disable) at the top of the screen. Touch OK to uninstall or disable the app. Connecting to Networks and Devices Connecting to Mobile Networks Manage the nano-SIM Cards Your phone supports two nano-SIM card working at the same time. You can turn on or off the nano-SIM cards, choose the default card for calls and data, set the network mode or other mobile network options for each card.. NOTE: You can use either card for mobile data service, but not both at the same time. See Gesture & Motion for calling by voice and motion. Control Mobile Data Use When Roaming 1. Press the Home key > > Settings > All settings > Dual SIM settings >.... Touch a card tab at the top. Touch each item to enter the information you get from your service provider. NOTE: To set the APN to default settings, touch >.... Turn Wi-Fi On and Connect to a Wi-Fi Network 1. Press the Home key > > Settings > All settings > Wi-Fi. Slide the Wi-Fi switch to turn it on. Touch a network name to connect to it. Press the Home key > > Settings > All settings > Wi-Fi. Slide the Wi-Fi switch to turn it on. If necessary, enter security or other network configuration details. After entering the PIN number, your phone automatically finds the access point and configures the connection. NOTE: For detailed information about the WPS feature of the access point, please refer to its user documents. Forget a Wi-Fi Network You can make your phone forget about the details of a Wi-Fi network that you added - for example, if you don’t want the phone to connect to it automatically or if it is a network that you no longer use.. Wi-Fi Direct: Use the Wi-Fi Direct feature. See Using  ® Wi-Fi Direct WPS Push Button: Connect to a WPS network via the  push button method. WPS Pin Entry: Connect to a WPS network via the  phone PIN method. MAC address: Check the MAC address.. Connecting to Bluetooth Devices Bluetooth is a short-range wireless communication technology. Phones or other devices with Bluetooth capabilities can exchange information wirelessly within a distance of about 30 feet. The Bluetooth devices must be paired before the communication is performed. Your phone automatically scans for and displays the IDs of all available Bluetooth devices in range. You could touch > Refresh if you want to scan again. Touch the device you want to pair with. Confirm that the Bluetooth passkeys are the same between the two devices and touch PAIR.. Open the appropriate application and select the file or item you want to share. Select the option for sharing via Bluetooth. The method may vary by application and data type. Touch a Bluetooth device the phone has paired with or wait for it to search for new devices and touch one of them.. phone against an NFC-enabled access point, subject to applicable terms and conditions from the particular vendor. To turn on and use NFC: 1. Press the Home key > > Settings > All settings > More. Slide the NFC switch to the on position. To set your default payment app: 1. Open the payment app and turn on tap and pay. Press the Home key > > Settings > All settings > Tap & pay. Turn off Tap & Pay You can turn off tap &.... Choose one of the following options: Charge only: Charge your phone via USB.  Install driver: Install the driver needed for some USB  connection modes (such as MTP). You only need to install the driver on the same PC once. NOTE: You can also install the driver on PC by running the executable file in the new CD-ROM drive.. Connect the phone with your computer via USB and choose Media device MTP. Open Windows Media Player and synchronize music, picture, and video files. Disconnect Your Phone From the Computer To disconnect the phone from the computer, simply unplug the USB cable when you’re finished.. To erase and format the microSDXC card: 1. Press the Home key > > Settings > All settings > Storage. Touch the card name in the Portable storage section. Touch Format > Erase & format. CAUTION: The formatting procedure erases all the data on the microSDXC card, after which the files CANNOT be retrieved.. Share Your Mobile Data Connection via USB You can access the Internet on your computer via the USB tethering feature of your phone. The feature needs data connection on a mobile network and may result in data charges. NOTE: You cannot transfer files between your phone and your computer via USB while the phone is USB tethered.. Press the Home key > > Settings > All settings > More > Tethering & portable hotspot. Your computer is now sharing your phone's data connection. NOTE: To stop sharing your data connection, switch off Bluetooth tethering.. NOTE: To stop sharing your data connection, switch off Portable Wi-Fi hotspot. Set Your Wi-Fi Hotspot You can change the name of your phone's Wi-Fi network (SSID) and secure it with a password. Press the Home key > > Settings > All settings > More >.... certificates before you can connect to your VPN. You can get this information from your network administrator. Press the Home key > > Settings > All settings > More > VPN. Touch at the top right corner and fill in the information provided by your network administrator.. Phone Calls You can place calls from the Phone app, the Contacts app, or other apps or widgets that display contact information. Wherever you see a phone number, you can usually touch it to dial. Placing and Ending Calls Place a Call by Dialing 1.. End a Call During a call, touch on the screen. Answering or Rejecting Calls When you receive a phone call, the incoming call screen opens, displaying the caller ID or the information about the caller that you've entered in the Contacts app. You can answer or reject the call, or reject it with a text message.. Working With the Call History The call history is a list of all the calls you've placed, received, or missed. It provides a convenient way to redial a number, return a call, or add a number to your contacts. To open the call history, you can press the Home key > >.... Take Other Actions on a Call History Entry Open the call history and touch next to a listing to view detailed call information.  Touch to delete the entry.  Touch and hold the number and select Edit before calling to edit the number in the dialer before calling it, or select Copy the number to copy the number to the clipboard.. If the dialpad is closed, touch to display it. Touch and hold the 1 key in the dialer. If prompted, enter your voicemail password. Follow the voice prompts to listen to and manage your voicemail messages. NOTE: Set Voicemail for how to set your voicemail service.. WARNING! Because of higher volume levels, do not place the phone near your ear during speakerphone use. Managing Multi-party Calls When the call waiting and three-way call features are available, you can switch between two calls or set up a conference call. NOTE: The call waiting and three-way call features need network support and may result in additional charges.. Set Up a Conference Call With this feature, you can talk to two people at the same time. Once you have established the connection, touch dial the second number. (This puts the first caller on hold.) 3.. Configure Auto-Answer You can configure your phone to answer calls automatically when you are not in a call. Press the Home key > > > Call settings > Auto-answer. Check Auto-answer to turn on this feature. Touch Time to wait before auto-answering a call to set the wait time.. TTY HCO: Users who can hear, but cannot talk, may use  this mode to listen to conversation of the other party, and respond via text messages. TTY VCO: Users who can talk, but cannot hear, may use  this mode to talk through the phone and receive responses via text messages.. Touch Service to select the voicemail service provider.  Your carrier is the default. Touch Setup > Voicemail number to edit the voicemail  number. Touch Sound to select the notification sound for new  voicemails. Check Vibrate to enable vibration for notification.. Change PIN2: Change the PIN2 code for FDN access.  FDN list: Manage the FDN list.  NOTE: The PIN2 code is provided by your carrier. Entering an incorrect PIN2 code more times than allowed can get your nano-SIM card locked.. NOTE: Please contact the service provider to check whether the call waiting feature is available. Set Sound and Vibration Set the sound and vibration for incoming calls as well as dialpad sounds. Press the Home key > > > Call settings > Ringtone and keypad sound.. Use LTE Network for Calls Voice over LTE (VoLTE) allows transferring of voice over 4G LTE networks and provides faster call connections and better call quality. Press the Home key > > Settings > All settings > More. Touch the VoLTE voice calling to turn it on or off. Display Options for Unanswered Outgoing Calls When this feature is enabled, you can choose options displayed.... Contacts You can add contacts on your phone and synchronize them with the contacts in your Google account or other accounts that support contact syncing. To see your contacts, press the Home key > Contacts. From there, you can touch the tabs on the top of the screen to quickly switch to contact groups or the Phone app.. Enter the contact name, phone numbers, email addresses, and other information. Setting Up Your Own Profile You can create your own name card in your phone. Press the Home key > Contacts. If a profile has already been set up, touch the existing profile below My profile and touch 3.. Import Contacts From the nano-SIM Cards 1. Press the Home key > Contacts. Touch > Import/Export contacts > Import contacts > Import from SIM1/2. Check the contacts you need and then touch Import. Import Contacts From the Storages 1.. The phone will prompt you with the name of the vCard file and the directory in which the file will be saved. Touch OK to create the file. Press the Home key > Contacts. Working With Groups View Your Contact Groups 1. Press the Home key > Contacts and touch the Groups tab. Scroll through the list to view the groups you have created. Touch a group to view its members. NOTE: To send a message or an email to all or some of the group members, open the group and touch >.... Press the Home key > Contacts and touch the Groups tab. Touch a group and then touch > Delete. Touch OK to disband the group. The contacts in the group will not be deleted. Editing Contacts Edit Contact Details 1. Press the Home key > Contacts. Touch a contact you need to edit and then touch 3. Edit the contact and touch Save. Set a Ringtone for a Contact Assign a special ringtone to a contact, so you know who is calling when you hear the ringtone.. Join Duplicate Contacts As your phone synchronizes with multiple online accounts, you may see duplicate entries for the same contact. You can merge all the separate information of a contact into one entry in the contacts list. Press the Home key > Contacts. Web Accounts Adding or Removing Accounts You can add multiple Google accounts and Microsoft Exchange ® ActiveSync accounts. You may also add other kinds of accounts depending on the apps installed on your phone. Press the Home key > >.... Configuring Account Sync Configure Auto Sync Setting 1. Press the Home key > > Settings > All settings > Accounts. Touch and check or uncheck Auto-sync data. When automatic sync is turned on, changes you make  to information on your phone or on the web are automatically synced with each other.. Change an Account’s Sync Settings 1. Press the Home key > > Settings > All settings > Accounts. Touch the account category and then the account. The Sync screen appears, showing a list of information the account can sync. Messaging You can use Messaging to exchange text messages (SMS) and multimedia messages (MMS). Opening the Messaging Screen Press the Home key > The Messaging screen opens, where you can create a new message, search for messages, delete messages, or open an ongoing message thread.. Select recipients from your contacts or call log by  touching 3. Touch the Enter a message field and enter the message text. If you want to send a multimedia message, touch add a subject or attach a file to the message. On the Messaging screen, touch the thread that has the message you want to forward. Touch and hold the message and then touch Forward in the menu that opens. Enter a recipient for the message and edit the content if you want.. Deleting Messages or Threads Delete Messages in a Thread 1. On the Messaging screen, touch a thread. Check the boxes of the messages you want to delete. Calendar Calendar on the phone works with the web-based Google Calendar™ service for creating and managing events, meetings and appointments. It also works with the Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync calendar once you sign into your Exchange account on the phone. To open Calendar, touch in the home screen and select Calendar..  In Month, Week, or Day view, swipe horizontally to see previous and future months, weeks, or days.  In Agenda view, swipe vertically to see all your events.  In Month view, touch > Full size / Half size to choose whether to display events below the calendar.. Editing, Deleting or Sharing an Event 1. Find the event you want to edit, delete, or share. Open its details screen (see View Event Details in this chapter). Do one of the following as you need. To edit the event, touch .. Web Browser Use Browser to view web pages and search for information. Opening the Browser Press the Home key > to launch the web browser. You can also open the browser by touching a web link - for example, in an email or a text message. Touch (the number in the icon indicates the number of opened tabs). Titles of opened tabs appear as a list. Touch the title you want to open. NOTE: Swipe a title horizontally or touch its X to close the tab. Touch left of the address bar. In the Bookmarks tab, touch the bookmark you want to open. Touch left of the address bar. In the Bookmarks tab, touch and hold the bookmark you want to edit and select Edit bookmarks.. NOTE: You can touch > Incognito to use the incognito mode, in which your browsing data won’t be saved on your phone. Changing Browser Settings You can configure a number of settings to customize the way you browse the web, including several that you can use to control your privacy.. Camera You can use your phone to take photos and record videos. Photos and videos are stored on the phone’s internal storage or the installed microSDXC card. You can copy them to your computer or access them in the Gallery app. Number Function Switch between the front and back cameras. Set a time delay before the camera takes a picture automatically after you touch the shutter icon. Turn on or off the High-Dynamic Range (HDR) feature, only available for the back camera. Change the flash setting, only available for the back camera.. Touch the area where you want the camera to focus, or leave the camera to autofocus on the center of the image. NOTE: In the default PHOTO mode of the back camera, when you touch the screen to focus, the exposure bar appears beside the focus point.. NOTES:  With the back camera, you can touch any area on the screen to change the focus before and during recording. You can also touch and hold the focal point to lock it.  When you change the focus of the back camera, the exposure bar appears beside the focal point.. BOKEH: Apply blur effect to out-of-focus parts of the  image. MONOCOLOR: Select red, green, or blue as the  prominent color and transform other colors into shades of black. MONOCHROME: Capture black-and-white pictures and  apply sketch or vignette effect. Drag the yellow square to any area on the screen where  you want the camera to meter exposure so as to adjust the photo brightness. Touch and hold the square to lock exposure. Touch to unfold the options, including shutter speed, .... Customizing Camera/Camcorder Settings Before capturing a photo or a video, you can touch to open the following camera and camcorder setting options. NOTE: Some camera and video options will change in different camera modes.  Options in Photo Modes Resolution: Set the image size for your photo. Gradienter: Enable or disable the gradienter in manual  mode. Watermark: Apply a watermark to your photos.  Shutter tone: Turn on or off the shutter tone.  Geo-tag: Select whether to store the GPS location in your  captured photos and videos. Histogram: Turn on or off histogram in manual mode, .... Anti-banding: Available for the back camera. Set the  anti-banding value when you record videos of TV or computer screens to avoid stripes on the screen. Save location: Change the storage location for captured  photos and videos. Help: View help details or enable help icon on the .... Gallery Opening Gallery Press the Home key > > Gallery to view albums of your pictures and videos. Working With Albums When you open Gallery, all pictures and videos on your phone are displayed in a number of albums. Touch Camera/Others or slide left or right to switch between the Camera album and other albums.. Working With Pictures Touch a picture in an album to view the picture in full screen. When viewing a picture in full screen, the following features are available.  Swipe horizontally to see other pictures or videos in the album. NOTE: You can delete a picture or video by swiping it up in the filmstrip view.  Double-tap the picture, or pinch two fingers together or spread them apart to zoom out or in.  Touch to rotate, share or delete the picture. Touch to edit or print the picture, set it as wallpaper or contact photo, check file details, or browse the album.... Touch an edit option along the bottom of the screen and edit the picture. NOTE: Slide left or right at the bottom of the screen to find all options. Apply filters and old photo effects. Crop, straighten, or flip (mirror) the picture. Adjust exposure, saturation, hue, sharpness, and other color options.. Making a GIF Picture or a Collage You can put together a few pictures in the same album to make an animated GIF picture or a collage of pictures. Open the Gallery app and touch > Gif Maker or Collage Maker.. Touch an album in the gallery and then touch the thumbnail of a video. Touch at the center to start playing. Touch the video to view the playback controls.. Music Press the Home key > > Music to play audio files stored on your phone. Music supports a wide variety of audio formats, so it can play music you purchase from online stores, music you copy from your CD collection, and so on. Copying Music Files to Your Phone Before using Music, you need to copy or download audio files to your phone.. Viewing Your Music Library Press the Home key > > Music to open the Music app. There you can touch All songs to view all your audio files or by categorized lists or artists, albums, and genres. You can also touch Favorites, Recently played, Folders to find songs, or view all your playlists in My playlist section.. NOTE: If the song is being played and you’re in the playback screen, you can touch > Set as the ringtone. Playing Music Touch a song in the music library to listen to it. Touch the bottom of the screen to open the following playback screen.. Number Function Return to the music library. Add the track to the Favorites playlist. You can repeat the current track, repeat the current playlist, turn on shuffle, or turn off shuffle and repeat.. Video Player Use the Video app to manage your video library and watch videos. Opening the Video Library Touch in the home screen and select Video to view your video library, where your video files are displayed. Swipe up or down to find the video you want.  Touch to hide or show the control panel.  Touch to manage the Dolby Audio effects.  Touch to share or delete the video, or change the video ratio. Managing Video Files Delete Video Clips 1. In the video library, touch >.... More Apps and Features Clock Press the Home key > > Clock. The Clock app allows you to check local time in places around the world, set alarms, and use timers. Touch the tab in the Clock app.  Touch in the tab to configure alarm settings, including ringtone volume and duration, vibration, volume crescendo, alarm in silent/vibration mode, and keypress settings. Check World Time Touch the tab in the Clock app to check local time around the world. Touch at the bottom to add a new city or country..  Touch and hold a downloaded file to delete, rename, share it, or check file information. File Manager Quickly access all of your images, videos, audio clips, and other types of files on your phone storage. Press the Home key > >.... NOTE: M4A files saves storage by compressing data with some loss in audio quality, while WAV files takes up more space but provides better sound quality. During recording, you can do the following: Touch to pause or continue the recording.  While playing a recording, touch to open the editing screen. You can drag the “S” and “E” tabs to trim the recording, touch a tag to delete it, or touch to add a tag. NOTE: Touch and hold a recording in the list to delete, share, edit, rename the file, view file details, or set it as the default ringtone.. WeShare WeShare allows you to copy data from one phone to another, back up data and apps on your phone to the phone storage or the microSDXC card, or restore backed up data and apps when you need to. Press the Home key > >....  Gmail: Send and receive emails via your Gmail account or other personal email accounts.  Google: Use Google search or get information when you need it with Google Now.  Hangouts: Chat with Google+ friends or send text or multimedia messages.. Google Play™ Store Press the Home key >. You can buy or rent music, books, movies, apps, and download them to your phone. NOTE: The content you can access in Google Play Store depends on your region and your service provider. Browsing and Searching for Apps You can browse apps by category.. CAUTION: Once installed, some apps can access many functions or a significant amount of your personal data. The Play Store will show you what the app can access. Touch Accept to proceed, or touch the Back key to cancel. Wait for the app to be downloaded and installed automatically.. Managing Your Downloads After you’ve downloaded and installed an app, you can rate it, view it in a list with your other downloaded apps, configure it to update itself automatically, and so on. In the Play Store screen, touch >.... Settings Press the Home key > Settings. The Settings app contains most of the tools for customizing and configuring your phone. Swipe left or right to switch between frequently used settings and all settings. Wireless and Networks Wi-Fi Press the Home key > Settings > All settings > Wi-Fi. You can turn Wi-Fi on or off and configure your Wi-Fi connections.. Data Usage Press the Home key > Settings > All settings > Data usage to manage mobile data use. Touch the Cellular data or Set cellular data limit switches to turn on or off mobile data or mobile data limit. You can check how much data has been used during the time cycle you set, set mobile data limit and warning, see what apps have been using mobile data, or restrict background data for.... Customized Features ZTE-Lock Press the Home key > Settings > All settings > ZTE-Lock. You can turn on or off the feature, which provides dynamically changing pictures for the lock screen every time you turn the screen on.. Touch Lock screen settings to select a layout or today’s pictures, set update option, or touch Discover to find new pictures and add them to your wallpaper collection. Themes & Wallpapers Press the Home key > Settings > All settings > Themes & wallpapers.. Gesture & Motion Press the Home key > Settings > All settings > Gesture & motion. You can control the phone with special finger gestures or moving the phone in different ways. Touch the switches to enable each function; touch each function to view how to use it or try it out..  Battery percentage: Show or hide the battery percentage next to the battery icon in the status bar.  Keypad light: Turn on or off the back light beneath the Recent apps key and the Back key.  Notification light: Control the indicator light for charging, low battery, new message, incoming call, and other notifications..  Switch on or off Show on the lock screen to control whether notifications should be displayed on the lock screen.  Touch an app to control its notifications. You may turn off its notifications, allow it to sound in Do not disturb mode, allow it to display notifications as a pop-up for quick view, or hide content in lock screen..  Storage: Check its storage information, clear its data or cache.  Data usage: Check how much data has been used by the app during the time cycle you set and restrict background data for the app.  Permissions: Check or change the app permissions. Storage Press the Home key > Settings > All settings > Storage to view the memory information of the internal phone storage and the microSDXC card. You can touch Save photos to to choose the default location for new data, such as photos captured, and voice recorded. Touch Phone memory to get a detailed breakdown of space usage by type.. Scheduled Power On/Off Press the Home key > Settings > All settings > Scheduled power on/off to set the day and time when the phone automatically powers on or off. You can also touch the switches on the right to turn the features on or off. less power from your battery than using GPS. Device only: Use GPS to pinpoint your location.  In the Location menu, touch Accelerated location or Google ® Location History to use Qualcomm IZat™ hardware accelerated location to determine your location or configure Google location options..  Smart Lock: Keep the phone unlocked when connected to trusted devices, in trusted places, or unlocked by trusted faces or voice, or unlocked when your phone is being carried on the body. NOTE: You need to sign in to your Google account on the phone to use the Smart Lock feature..  Install from SD card: Install certificates from the storage.  Clear credentials: Delete all certificates.  Trust agents: View or deactivate trust agents.  Apps with usage access: Turn on or off some apps’ access to your phone usage information. Accounts Press the Home key >....  Personal dictionary: Add new words to the phone’s dictionary or remove words from the dictionary. The words you add are used for spelling check and word suggestion.  Keyboard & input methods: Set the current input method and choose input method settings.  Backup account: Set the Google account that the data is backed up to.  Automatic restore: Restore previously backed up settings and data when you reinstall an app.  Network settings reset: Reset all network settings including Wi-Fi, mobile data and Bluetooth. Printing Press the Home key > Settings > All settings > Printing to manage Google Cloud Print service or other printer plug-ins installed from the Google Play Store or your printer manufacturer. About Phone Press the Home key > Settings > All settings > About phone to view important phone information and legal information.. Troubleshooting If you encounter problems while using the phone, or if it performs abnormally, you can refer to the chart below. If your particular problem cannot be resolved using the information in the chart, contact the dealer where you purchased the phone. Problem Possible causes Possible solution End the call and dial again. The local telephone line You may be switched to a quality is poor. better-quality network link or phone line. Your service provider does Unable to not support these features, Contact your service select certain or you have not applied for.... Problem Possible causes Possible solution If you are not able to connect to the network, the phone will continue to send Change your location to one out signals as it attempts to where the network is locate a base station. Doing accessible, or temporarily so consumes battery power turn off your phone.. Problem Possible causes Possible solution You have activated the Disable this feature. See Fixed dialing numbers Use Fixed Dialing Numbers. If the service You have entered an PIN Code provider provides the incorrect PIN code three blocked nano-SIM card’s PUK code, consecutive times.. For Your Safety General Safety Don’t make or receive handheld calls while Don’t use at gas stations. Keep your phone at least 15 mm away from your Your phone may produce a ear or body while making bright or flashing light.. Keep away from pacemakers and other Avoid contact with liquids. electronic medical Keep your phone dry. Turn off when asked to in Do not attempt to hospitals and medical disassemble your phone. Turn off when told to in Only use approved aircrafts and airports.. certified power level, the actual SAR level of the device while operating can be well below the maximum value. This is because the phone is designed to operate at multiple power levels so as to use only the power required to reach the network. In general, the closer you are to a wireless base station antenna, the lower the power output.. While there may be differences between the SAR levels of various phones and at various positions, they all meet the government requirements. SAR compliance for body-worn operation is based on a separation distance of 15 mm between the unit and the human body.. IC Radiation Exposure Statement This EUT is compliance with SAR for general population/ uncontrolled exposure limits in IC RSS-102 and had been tested in accordance with the measurement methods and procedures specified in IEEE 1528 and IEC 62209. This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 1.5 cm between the radiator and your body.. turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.  Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. Some hearing devices are more immune than others to this interference noise and phones also vary in the amount of interference they generate. The wireless telephone industry has developed a rating system for wireless phones to assist hearing device users in finding phones that may be compatible with their hearing devices.. T-Ratings: Phones rated T3 or T4 meet FCC requirements and are likely to be more usable with a hearing device’s telecoil (“T Switch” or “Telephone Switch”) than unrated phones. T4 is the better/ higher of the two ratings. (Note that not all hearing devices have telecoils in them.) Your phone meets the M4/T3 level rating.. Product Handling General Statement on Handling and Use You alone are responsible for how you use your phone and any consequences of its use. You must always turn off your phone wherever the use of a phone is prohibited. Use of your phone is subject to safety measures designed to protect users and their environment..  Do not attempt to disassemble your phone or its accessories. Only authorized personnel can do so.  Do not expose or use your phone or its accessories in a environment with or that can reach extreme temperatures, minimum - [5] and maximum + [50] degrees Celsius. Electrostatic Discharge (ESD) Do not touch the SIM card’s metal connectors. Antenna Do not touch the antenna unnecessarily. Normal Use Position When placing or receiving a phone call, hold your phone to your ear, with the bottom towards your mouth. Air Bags Do not place a phone in the area over an air bag or in the air bag deployment area as an airbag inflates with great force and.... Repetitive Strain Injuries To minimize the risk of Repetitive Strain Injury (RSI) when texting or playing games with your phone:  Do not grip the phone too tightly.  Use the special features which are designed to minimize the times of pressing buttons, such as Message Templates and Predictive Text.. Electrical Safety Accessories Use only approved accessories. Do not connect with incompatible products or accessories. Take care not to touch or allow metal objects, such as coins or key rings, to contact or short-circuit in the battery terminals. Never puncture the surface of the battery with sharp objects. Connection to a Car Seek professional advice when connecting a phone interface to the vehicle electrical system.. Radio Frequency Interference General Statement on Interference Care must be taken when using the phone in close proximity to personal medical devices, such as pacemakers and hearing aids. Pacemakers Pacemaker manufacturers recommend that a minimum separation of 15 cm be maintained between a mobile phone and a pacemaker to avoid potential interference with the pacemaker.. Hospitals Turn off your wireless device when requested to do so in hospitals, clinics or health care facilities. These requests are designed to prevent possible interference with sensitive medical equipment. Aircraft Turn off your wireless device whenever you are instructed to do so by airport or airline staff.. Areas with potentially explosive atmospheres include fueling areas, below decks on boats, fuel or chemical transfer or storage facilities, and areas where the air contains chemicals or particles, such as grain, dust, or metal powders. Blasting Caps and Areas Power off your mobile phone or wireless device when in a blasting area or in areas posted power off “two-way radios”.... By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
http:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ articles/ article.php? a=18714. The V8 Pro is the first Blade series device from ZTE to be sold directly to U.S. This unlocked Android smartphone features an appealing design, good materials, and a solid spec sheet, but this V8 doesn't run quite as smoothly as we'd like it to. The V8 Pro is the first Blade series phone from ZTE to make it to the U.S. This mid-range Android handset features an attractive design and specs to match its affordable price point. If you're looking for low-cost Android phone that's sold unlocked, ZTE's Blade V8 Pro offers lots to like.. The V8 Pro is a large handset with above-average looks. Sure, it's a black slab, but ZTE selected a nice set of materials to boost the V8 Pro's visual appeal. From some angles, it could almost be mistaken for a flagship phone.. Glass covers the V8 Pro's face and it curves along the edges to flow smoothly into the chamfered metal frame. The shiny outer rim adds some flair and class to the V8 Pro's design. Matching accents on the home button, side buttons, and rear camera complete the picture and tie the design together nicely. No one will think the V8 Pro is an iPhone or Galaxy S7, but it has a nice shape and look that's a cut above other phones in this price range.. Like many phones with 5.5-inch screens, the V8 Pro has an over-sized footprint. It stretches beyond 6 inches tall and 3 inches wide, which means it may be unwieldy for those with small hands. My thumb could reach only about half the display when I gripped the phone normally. The shape is smooth and there are no sharp edges. The V8 Pro fit into most pockets without trouble, but tight jeans may be problematic.. Build quality and materials are excellent for a device in this price range. The glass feels great under your thumb, the metal frame is strong and attractive, and the patterned, soft-touch rear panel is comfortable. All the components are assembled tightly; I didn't see any gaps in the seams. The V8 Pro doesn't come across as a cheap handset at all, and in fact is a pleasure to hold and use.. The V8 Pro's 2.5D curved glass is more dramatically curved along the edges than most. Such curves are often subtle, but the rounded shape is fairly obvious from a distance on the V8 Pro. The glass and chamfered metal frame define the phone's face. I'm glad the bezels aren't overly obnoxious. The oval-shaped physical home button has a low profile, but it is still easy to find and use. I like the chrome accent, and travel and feedback are quite good. The home button — which doubles as a fingerprint reader — is flanked by two small capacitive buttons for multitasking and moving back through the user interface. ZTE positioned the screen lock button and volume toggle on the right edge of the V8 Pro. They stand out visually thanks to chamfered accents. The physical profiles are excellent; both buttons are a cinch to find. The buttons each offer distinct action with an audible click. You'll find the SIM tray tucked into the left edge. The tray also accommodates a microSD memory card. The V8 Pro features a standard 3.5mm headphone jack on top and a USB-C port on the bottom.. The V8 Pro's rear panel has a nice curve to it. I found the shape really helps the phone fit comfortably in your palm, as does the soft-touch, patterned material. The dual-camera array is flush with the rear surface, but called out visually thanks to a shiny chrome accent.. You cannot remove the rear panel of the V8 Pro; the battery is inaccessible.. In all, the ZTE V8 Pro is a fine piece of hardware that should please most people.. ZTE picked a nice LCD display for the V8 Pro. It measures 5.5 inches across the diagonal and offers full HD resolution for a pixel density of 401 pixels per inch. The size/resolution works well and I found on-screen elements to be sharp with clean edges. Individual pixels are nigh invisible without a loupe. The display offers enough brightness for both indoor and outdoor use. I had no trouble using the V8 Pro outdoors under sunny skies, though you will have to adjust the brightness up all the way. The screen leans a bit toward the blue end of the color spectrum, which means whites aren't perfectly white. This is amplified just a bit when you tilt the phone from side to side. These minor niggles aside, the screen is more than adequate for this class of phone.. ZTE is selling the Blade V8 Pro to consumers directly online. It's unlocked and supports the LTE networks of AT&T/Cricket and T-Mobile/MetroPCS. It doesn't include every LTE band under the sun, but it supports enough for a reasonably good experience on these networks.. I tested the phone across the NYC metro region and can tell you that the V8 Pro performs on par with most other phones on AT&T and T-Mobile. The phone demonstrated a strong connection to the networks even under the worst network conditions. It was always able to make and receive calls, and the phone didn't drop or miss any, even when traveling in a car. Data speed are not the fastest I've seen, but they're decent enough for regular activities. That means you can download apps and check your Facebook feed without any trouble. Watching video on YouTube was a bit choppy, as was streaming music from Google Play Music. This is common behavior for many mid-range phones.. It's worth pointing out that the V8 Pro supports two SIM cards, so you can use it with two separate wireless accounts if you wish.. ZTE made a fine voice phone in the V8 Pro. The earpiece produces enough volume that you can easily hear calls in coffee shops, diners, and other semi-noisy spaces. It's not the loudest phone ever, but it gets the job done. Clarity is very good, but short of excellent. Voices sound warm for the most part, but the speaker was prone to some distortion when set all the way up. Clarity is best with the volume at about 50%, but then calls are harder to hear. People I spoke to via the V8 Pro said I sounded "just OK.". The bottom-mounted speakerphone packs some punch. The little speaker puts out enough sound for your home, office, or car. Clarity is good enough most of the time, though you'll hear more distortion via the speakerphone than via the earpiece. Ringers and alerts are loud enough to get your attention most of the time, but I did miss them from time to time. It would help if the vibrate alert were stronger.. ZTE jammed a 3,140 mAh battery in the Blade V8 Pro's frame, but somehow it didn't live up to my expectations. The phone struggled to make it through an entire day. It pushed from 7am to about 10pm most of the time, which is about two hours short as far as I am concerned. As I always do, I tested the phone with brightness set at 50% and all the radios turns on. I surfed the web, browsed social networks, and streamed video and audio over LTE. These activities routinely sapped the battery of its capacity long before I was ready to call it a night.. Thank goodness ZTE included some power management tools. The phone includes a smart power-saver mode and ultra power saving mode. The former reduces notifications, darkness the screen, and spools down the CPU a bit, while the latter drops everything but basic phone and SMS capabilities. Employing the first helped coax the phone from breakfast to bedtime with a bit of power to spare. Putting the second into effect will give you days of uptime. You can also tweak individual apps' power consumption behaviors if you wish.. Last, the V8 Pro supports Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0. This means it powers up a bit faster than most other phones.. The V8 Pro's Bluetooth radio functions well enough. The phone paired with a range of Bluetooth accessories, including headsets, speakers, and computers. The device delivered average quality calls through headsets and my car's hands-free system. Music sounded just okay via Bluetooth speakers.. I was happy to have NFC to help with Bluetooth pairing. NFC on the V8 Pro also supports Android Pay.. Together with Google Maps, the V8 Pro was able to field my general location in several seconds. It took closer to 15 seconds to truly lock down my exact location, and accuracy was as good as about 25 feet. Google Maps worked well as a driving navigation tool, but it sometimes lagged my real location when traveling at highway speeds.. The WiFi radio worked very well.. Hands On with the ZTE Blade V8 Pro. The V8 Pro is ZTE's latest attempt to bring U.S. consumers more bang for their buck.. Review: ZTE Blade X MAX for Cricket Wireless. ZTE's latest Android handset for Cricket Wireless is the monstrous Blade X Max. This beast of a smartphone offers a whopping 6-inch screen, all-day battery life, and a compelling software experience.. ZTE is looking to tempt would-be flagship buyers with the Axon Pro, an unlocked, premium Android smartphone with good looks and killer specs. Did ZTE manage to dial in the right combination of features and performance?. Hands On with the ZTE Blade Z Max. This follow-up to the affordable ZMAX Pro keeps the huge 6-inch screen, while upgrading a few key specs. It has a premium metal-frame design, fingerprint reader, huge battery, and dual-lens main camera.. Review: ZTE Blade Z Max for MetroPCS. Looking for the biggest possible screen on the least expensive smartphone? The Blade Z Max may be what you seek, thanks to its IMAX-sized display, insane battery, dual cameras, and affordable price point.. ZTE makes excellent hardware, terrible software. The new Blade V8 uses the same MiFavor operating system as my Axon 7. Unfortunately the software is the real negative for this phone. ZTE has chosen not to implement some of the most basic features of the Android OS. There are not many options or customizations on this phone.. Pretty good price for a dual sim.... To me thats the key feature of this device, and either sim can use LTE, which is selectable in software. For anyone else who cares bout Dual SIM features, from the Manual: When two nano-SIM cards are installed, pay attention to the following restrictions. If one nano-SIM card connects to 4G LTE, the other card can only connect to 3G or 2G networks. You can use either card for mobile data service. You can use either card for mobile data service, but not both at the same time. If one card is connected to a phone call, the other card is unreachable.. Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS. Review: ZTE Avid 4 for MetroPCS. ZTE's latest low-cost handset for MetroPCS offers entry-level specs and performance. It includes a 5-inch screen, 8-megapixel camera, and Android 7 Nougat. MetroPCS customers can score this handset for next to nothing, but there might be better options. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth review.. Review: WeBoost Drive Sleek In-Car Signal Booster. WeBoost's Drive Sleek in-vehicle signal booster amplifies wireless signals inside your car. If you're a mobile professional or road trip fanatic and need better wireless performance when behind the wheel, the WeBoost can help.. Hands On with the Samsung Galaxy S9 and S9+. Samsung's new flagship handsets, the Galaxy S9 and S9+, are here and they offer lots to be excited about. Samsung took the wining design of last year's phones and upped the ante with improvements to the chassis, cameras, and software.. Review: IK Multimedia iRig Pro I/O for iPhone. The iRig Pro I/O is a compact audio interface that lets musicians, singers, and podcasters connect their instruments or microphones to Apple iPhones, iPads, and Macs. It takes all the best features of the larger iRig Pro Duo and boils them down to the most essential tools in a highly portable package.. Review: Tech 21 Evo Check Case for Pixel 2 XL. Tech 21's latest accessory for the Google Pixel 2 XL is the Evo Check, a three-layer case that provides protection for drops up to three meters. We put this case to the test to see if it's worth your hard-earned dollars.. Review: Speck Presidio Ultra Case for iPhone X. Speck's newest case for the Apple iPhone X, the Presidio Ultra, is a three-piece kit that includes a base case, an extra bumper, and a rugged holster. If you need hardcore protection with a little bit of flexibility throughout the day, the Presidio Ultra is an interesting entry.. Review: Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt for iPhone. The Kingston DataTraveler Duo Bolt is a small thumb drive that plugs into the bottom of your iPhone and saves all your photos and videos. If you're looking for a quick way to free up space on your iOS device, the DataTraveler Duo Bolt is ideal in certain situations.. Review: Coolpad Revvl Plus for T-Mobile. The Revvl Plus is an affordable Android slab that delivers an enormous screen at a reasonable price point. Stand-out features include a dual-camera system for capturing bokeh-style portraits, and a fingerprint reader for security. Here is Phone Scoop's in-depth report.. Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS. Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube. All content Copyright 2001-2018 Phone Factor, LLC. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.. By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. 
Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg.. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message.. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More!. TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY!. Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items.. Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits.. Free Returns with No restocking fee. Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items.. Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns.. Learn More | Sign Up Now. Newegg Mobile Email Deals Daily Deals Marketplace Spotlight Outlet. Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App!. Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you.. Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more.. STEM Toy & Robot Gift Guide. Are you a startup? Join us.. Search all Computer Systems Components Electronics Gaming Networking Office Solutions Software & Services Automotive & Industrial Home & Tools Health & Sports Apparel & Accessories Hobbies & Toys. Search Results: "zte blade v8 pro". Items 1-33 of 33. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Dual Camera Unlocked Smartphone (5.5" Black, 32GB Storage 3GB RAM) US Warranty. Operating System: Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow) Part Number: Z978 Mobile Frequencies: GSM: 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850 / 1900 / AWS / 2100 MHz. LTE: B2 / B4 / B5 / B7 / B12 Data transfer: EDGE: 384 kbps. Model #: Blade V8 Pro. Return Policy: Non-Contract Cell Phone Return Policy. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Z978 32GB Unlocked GSM Phone w/ Dual 13 MP Camera - Black with Mophie Powerstation Boost (White). Operating System: Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow) Part Number: Z978-BLK_3519 Mobile Frequencies: GSM: 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. UMTS: 850 / 1900 / AWS / 2100 MHz. LTE: B2 / B4 / B5 / B7 / B12 Data transfer: EDGE: 384 kbps. Model #: Blade V8 Pro Z978. Return Policy: Non-Contract Cell Phone Return Policy. Black Canvas Case Belt Holster with Clip/Loop for ZTE Blade V8 Pro Z978. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Skinomi? TechSkin - ZTE Blade V8 Pro Screen Protector + Gold Carbon Fiber Full Body Skin / Front & Back Wrap Clear Film / Ultra HD and Anti-Bubble Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Skinomi? TechSkin - ZTE Blade V8 Pro Screen Protector + Brushed Steel Full Body Skin / Front & Back Wrap Clear Film / Ultra HD and Anti-Bubble Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Skinomi? TechSkin - ZTE Blade V8 Pro Screen Protector + Dark Wood Full Body Skin / Front & Back Wrap Clear Film / Ultra HD and Anti-Bubble Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Skinomi? TechSkin - ZTE Blade V8 Pro Screen Protector + Light Wood Full Body Skin / Front & Back Wrap Clear Film / Ultra HD and Anti-Bubble Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Skinomi? TechSkin - ZTE Blade V8 Pro Screen Protector + Carbon Fiber Full Body Skin / Front & Back Wrap Clear Film / Ultra HD and Anti-Bubble Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Litchi Texture Horizontal Flip Leather Case with Holder & Card Slots & Wallet (Black). Return Policy: View Return Policy. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Screen Protector [3-Pack], iLLumiShield Screen Protector for ZTE Blade V8 Pro Clear HD Shield with Anti-Bubble & Anti-Fingerprint Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Litchi Texture Horizontal Flip Leather Case with Holder & Card Slots & Wallet (Silver). Return Policy: View Return Policy. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Litchi Texture Horizontal Flip Leather Case with Holder & Card Slots & Wallet (Gold). Return Policy: View Return Policy. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Litchi Texture Horizontal Flip Leather Case with Holder & Card Slots & Wallet (White). Return Policy: View Return Policy. 2X Supershieldz ZTE Blade V8 Pro Full Cover Tempered Glass Screen Protector. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Supershieldz ZTE Blade V8 Pro Full Cover Tempered Glass Screen Protector (Black). Return Policy: View Return Policy. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Litchi Texture Horizontal Flip Leather Case with Holder & Card Slots & Wallet (Brown). Return Policy: View Return Policy. Skinomi? TechSkin - ZTE Blade V8 Pro Screen Protector + Pink Carbon Fiber Full Body Skin / Front & Back Wrap Clear Film / Ultra HD and Anti-Bubble Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Screen Protector + Full Body , Skinomi? TechSkin Full Coverage Skin + Screen Protector for ZTE Blade V8 Pro Front & Back Clear HD Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Screen Protector [2-Pack], iLLumiShield Blue Light Screen Protector for ZTE Blade V8 Pro HD Shield with Anti-Bubble & Anti-Fingerprint UV-Filter Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Touch Screen Arm Band Waist Belt Waterproof Phone Pouch Cases For ZTE nubia N1 lite,Blade A2 Plus/V8 Pro/V7 Max,Zmax 2,Axon 7. Return Policy: View Return Policy. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Screen Protector [3-Pack], iLLumiShield Anti-Glare Screen Protector for ZTE Blade V8 Pro HD Shield with Anti-Bubble & Anti-Fingerprint Matte Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Celicious Impact ZTE Blade V8 PRO Anti-Shock Screen Protector. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Celicious Vivid ZTE Blade V8 PRO Crystal Clear Screen Protector [Pack of 2]. Return Policy: View Return Policy. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Screen Protector [2-Pack], ILLUMI AquaShield Full Coverage Screen Protector for ZTE Blade V8 Pro HD Clear Anti-Bubble Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Screen Protector + Back Cover [2-Pack], ILLUMI AquaShield Full Coverage Back and Front Screen Protector for ZTE Blade V8 Pro HD Clear Anti-Bubble Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Celicious Privacy Plus ZTE Blade V8 PRO [4-Way] Filter Screen Protector. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Skinomi? TechSkin - ZTE Blade V8 Pro Screen Protector + Silver Carbon Fiber Full Body Skin / Front & Back Wrap Clear Film / Ultra HD and Anti-Bubble Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Screen Protector , Skinomi? TechSkin Full Coverage Screen Protector for ZTE Blade V8 Pro Clear HD Anti-Bubble Film. Return Policy: View Return Policy. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Screen Protector , Skinomi? MatteSkin Full Coverage Screen Protector for ZTE Blade V8 Pro Anti-Glare and Bubble-Free Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Skinomi? TechSkin - ZTE Blade V8 Pro Screen Protector + Brushed Aluminum Full Body Skin / Front & Back Wrap Clear Film / Ultra HD and Anti-Bubble Shield. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Celicious Matte ZTE Blade V8 PRO Anti-Glare Screen Protector [Pack of 2]. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Celicious Privacy ZTE Blade V8 PRO [2-Way] Filter Screen Protector. Return Policy: View Return Policy. ZTE Blade V8 Pro 32GB Z978 GSM Factory Unlocked 4G LTE 5.5" IPS LCD 3GB RAM Dual 13MP Camera Phone - Black. Operating System: Android Part Number: Z978 Mobile Frequencies: GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz Form Factor: Smart Phones. Return Policy: View Return Policy. Items 1-33 of 33. Newegg does not process or deliver orders on weekends or holidays. Delivery will be next business day.. Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" button Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. Why can’t we show you details of this product?. Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.. Transparency in Supply Chains Act. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. The 5.5 inch display on the Blade V8 Pro has a resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels. The Snapdragon 625 gives this phone an Octa-core CPU clocked at 2GHz and an Adreno 506 GPU. 3GB are dedicated to RAM and 32GB for storage. A dual 13MP camera is on the back and an 8MP camera is on the front. The 3140 mAh battery can be charged with the USB type-C port.. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 and Redmi Note 5 Pro Forums Are Now Open for Posting. Unofficial LineageOS 15.1 brings Android 8.1 Oreo Go Edition to First Generation Android One Devices. Take Control of your Phone’s Rotation with “Rotation” Orientation Manager. Customize Samsung Experience 9.0 and Android Oreo on the Samsung Galaxy S8/S8+ with this Xposed Module. MX Player is Recruiting Users for a New Private Beta Testing Program. Dreaming Battery is a Minimalist Screensaver for Displaying your Battery Level. Having troubles with your Ad Blocker? This app adds a Quick Settings tile for easy Ad Block toggling. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Real Life Review. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Questions & Answers. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Guides, News, & Discussion. ZTE Blade V8 Pro ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Themes, Apps, and Mods. Kernels : ZTE Blade V8 Pro. Tools/Utilities : ZTE Blade V8 Pro. Rom List : ZTE Blade V8 Pro. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Real Life Review ZTE Blade V8 Pro Questions & Answers ZTE Blade V8 Pro Guides, News, & Discussion ZTE Blade V8 Pro ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development ZTE Blade V8 Pro Themes, Apps, and Mods ZTE Blade V8 Pro Accessories. Most Active ZTE Blade V8 Pro Topics. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Real Life Review. More ZTE Blade V8 Pro Real Life Review Threads. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Questions & Answers. Unlock bootloader - bootloader mode reboots phone. Does anybody know how to disassembly the Blade V8 pro? My phone is dead.. Lock and Unlock phone using fingerprint sensor?. will there be custom roms for the ZTE Blade V8 SE device?. More ZTE Blade V8 Pro Questions & Answers Threads. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Guides, News, & Discussion. ZTE Blade V8 Pro - Z978V1.0.0B19 Update | Android January security patch. More ZTE Blade V8 Pro Guides, News, & Discussion Threads. ZTE Blade V8 Pro ROMs, Kernels, Recoveries, & Other Development. ZTE Blade V8 Pro Themes, Apps, and Mods. More ZTE Blade V8 Pro Themes, Apps, and Mods Threads. More ZTE Blade V8 Pro Accessories Threads. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
