Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of over 1,000 results for "zte grand x4". Zte Grand X4 Unlocked 4G LTE Fingerprint Reader 5.5 inch 13mp Flash 16GB Quad Core Unlocked Z956 Desbloqueado. Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. $110.00 (4 used &amp new offers). he ZTE Grand X 4 helps you do everything you need from a smartphone. ZTE Grand X4 Case, ZTE Blade Spark Case, ZTE Grand X 4 Case, BENTOBEN 2 in 1 Sparkly Glitter Slim Hybrid Hard Cover Shockproof Protective Case for ZTE Grand X4 / ZTE Blade Spark / ZTE Z956, Rose Gold. Product Features Compatible with ZTE Grand X4 / Z956, Not compatible with other model Phone.. [3-PACK]- Mr Shield For ZTE Grand X4 / Grand X 4 [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Only 18 left in stock - order soon.. Screen Protector specifically designed for ZTE Grand X4 / Grand X 4 .... [2-PACK]-Mr Shield For ZTE Grand X4 / Grand X 4 [Tempered Glass] [Full. Cover] [Black] Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. In stock on March 2, 2018. Protector compatible with ZTE Grand X4 / Grand X 4 [Tempered Glass .... ZTE Grand X 4 / Blade Spark Case, COVRWARE [IRON TANK] Built-in [Screen Protector] Heavy Duty Full-Body Rugged Holster Armor [Brushed Metal Texture] Case [Belt Clip][Kickstand], Teal. Built-in screen protector for ZTE Grand X4 / Z956 / ZTE Blade Spark .... ZTE Grand X4 Case, ZTE Blade Spark Case, ZTE Grand X 4 Case, NageBee Design Premium [Heavy Duty] Defender [Dual Layer] Protector Hybrid Case For ZTE Grand X4 / ZTE Blade Spark (Black). Product Description Compatible with ZTE Grand X4 / ZTE Blade Spark.. ZTE Grand X4 Case, ZTE Blade Spark Case, AnoKe [Card Slots Holder][Not Wallet] Kickstand Hard Plastic PC TPU Soft Hybrid Shockproof Heavy Duty Protective Holster Cases for ZTE Grand X 4 KC1 Rose Gold. Product Features It compatible with ZTE Grand X4 Case, ZTE Z956 Case.. [2-Pack] Supershieldz for ZTE Grand X4 / Grand X 4 Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [Full Screen Coverage] Anti-Scratch, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty (Black). ZTE Blade Spark Case, ZTE Grand X4 Case, LUXCA [Unique Design] 3-Piece Dual Layer Shockproof Stylish Protective Case w/ screen protector (Mandala). ZTE Grand X4 Case, ZTE Blade Spark Case, Rosebono Hybrid Dual Layer Shockproof Hard Cover Graphic Fashion Cute Colorful Case for ZTE Grand X4 - Pluple Marble. Only 13 left in stock - order soon.. [2-Pack]ZTE Grand X4 Tempered Glass Screen Protector, ZTE Blade Spark Glass, ZeKing 0.33mm 2.5D Edge 9H Hardness [Anti Scratch][Anti-Fingerprint] Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Glass Screen Protector compatible with ZTE Grand X4 and ZTE Blade Spark. ZTE Grand X4 Case, ZTE Blade Spark Case, Rosebono Hybrid Dual Layer Shockproof Hard Cover Graphic Fashion Cute Colorful Silicone Skin Case for ZTE Grand X4 - White Marble. In stock on March 2, 2018. ZTE Grand X4 / Blade Spark Case, COVRWARE [Aegis Series] with Built-in [Screen Protector] Heavy Duty Full-Body Rugged Holster Armor Case [Belt Swivel Clip][Kickstand] - Black. Built-in screen protector for ZTE Grand X4 / Z956 / ZTE Blade Spark! .... Supershieldz for ZTE Grand X4 / Grand X 4 Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [Full Screen Coverage] Anti-Scratch, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty (Black). Only 19 left in stock - order soon.. ZTE Grand X4 Case (Cricket Version), Grand X 4 (4th Version Only), ZTE Blade Spark case (At&t Version), with Full Tempered Glass Screen Protector, Brushed Slim Hybrid Shockproof Case (Purple). In stock on March 2, 2018. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Cell Phone Car Cradles & Mounts. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser , then try again .. All Categories Antiques Art Baby Books Business & Industrial Cameras & Photo Cell Phones & Accessories Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Coins & Paper Money Collectibles Computers/Tablets & Networking Consumer Electronics Crafts Dolls & Bears DVDs & Movies eBay Motors Entertainment Memorabilia Gift Cards & Coupons Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Music Musical Instruments & Gear Pet Supplies Pottery & Glass Real Estate Specialty Services Sporting Goods Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop Stamps Tickets & Experiences Toys & Hobbies Travel Video Games & Consoles Everything Else. Hi ( Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell. Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers Messages. Refine your search for zte grand x4. All Listings - Current page. results for zte grand x4. Save zte grand x4 to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.. Unfollow zte grand x4 to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.. You'll receive email and Feed alerts when new items arrive. Afghanistan - AFG Albania - ALB Algeria - DZA American Samoa - ASM Andorra - AND Angola - AGO Anguilla - AIA Antigua and Barbuda - ATG Argentina - ARG Armenia - ARM Aruba - ABW Australia - AUS Austria - AUT Azerbaijan Republic - AZE Bahamas - BHS Bahrain - BHR Bangladesh - BGD Barbados - BRB Belarus - BLR Belgium - BEL Belize - BLZ Benin - BEN Bermuda - BMU Bhutan - BTN Bolivia - BOL Bosnia and Herzegovina - BIH Botswana - BWA Brazil - BRA British Virgin Islands - VGB Brunei Darussalam - BRN Bulgaria - BGR Burkina Faso - BFA Burma - MMR Burundi - BDI Cambodia - KHM Cameroon - CMR Canada - CAN Cape Verde Islands - CPV Cayman Islands - CYM Central African Republic - CAF Chad - TCD Chile - CHL China - CHN Colombia - COL Comoros - COM Congo, Democratic Republic of the - COD Congo, Republic of the - COG Cook Islands - COK Costa Rica - CRI Cote d Ivoire (Ivory Coast) - CIV Croatia, Republic of - HRV Cyprus - CYP Czech Republic - CZE Denmark - DNK Djibouti - DJI Dominica - DMA Dominican Republic - DOM Ecuador - ECU Egypt - EGY El Salvador - SLV Equatorial Guinea - GNQ Eritrea - ERI Estonia - EST Ethiopia - ETH Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) - FLK Fiji - FJI Finland - FIN France - FRA French Guiana - GUF French Polynesia - PYF Gabon Republic - GAB Gambia - GMB Georgia - GEO Germany - DEU Ghana - GHA Gibraltar - GIB Greece - GRC Greenland - GRL Grenada - GRD Guadeloupe - GLP Guam - GUM Guatemala - GTM Guernsey - GGY Guinea - GIN Guinea-Bissau - GNB Guyana - GUY Haiti - HTI Honduras - HND Hong Kong - HKG Hungary - HUN Iceland - ISL India - IND Indonesia - IDN Ireland - IRL Israel - ISR Italy - ITA Jamaica - JAM Japan - JPN Jersey - JEY Jordan - JOR Kazakhstan - KAZ Kenya - KEN Kiribati - KIR Korea, South - KOR Kuwait - KWT Kyrgyzstan - KGZ Laos - LAO Latvia - LVA Lebanon - LBN Liechtenstein - LIE Lithuania - LTU Luxembourg - LUX Macau - MAC Macedonia - MKD Madagascar - MDG Malawi - MWI Malaysia - MYS Maldives - MDV Mali - MLI Malta - MLT Marshall Islands - MHL Martinique - MTQ Mauritania - MRT Mauritius - MUS Mayotte - MYT Mexico - MEX Micronesia - FSM Moldova - MDA Monaco - MCO Mongolia - MNG Montenegro - MNE Montserrat - MSR Morocco - MAR Mozambique - MOZ Namibia - NAM Nauru - NRU Nepal - NPL Netherlands - NLD Netherlands Antilles - ANT New Caledonia - NCL New Zealand - NZL Nicaragua - NIC Niger - NER Nigeria - NGA Niue - NIU Norway - NOR Oman - OMN Pakistan - PAK Palau - PLW Panama - PAN Papua New Guinea - PNG Paraguay - PRY Peru - PER Philippines - PHL Poland - POL Portugal - PRT Puerto Rico - PRI Qatar - QAT Reunion - REU Romania - ROU Russian Federation - RUS Rwanda - RWA Saint Helena - SHN Saint Kitts-Nevis - KNA Saint Lucia - LCA Saint Pierre and Miquelon - SPM Saint Vincent and the Grenadines - VCT San Marino - SMR Saudi Arabia - SAU Senegal - SEN Serbia - SRB Seychelles - SYC Sierra Leone - SLE Singapore - SGP Slovakia - SVK Slovenia - SVN Solomon Islands - SLB Somalia - SOM South Africa - ZAF Spain - ESP Sri Lanka - LKA Suriname - SUR Swaziland - SWZ Sweden - SWE Switzerland - CHE Taiwan - TWN Tajikistan - TJK Tanzania - TZA Thailand - THA Togo - TGO Tonga - TON Trinidad and Tobago - TTO Tunisia - TUN Turkey - TUR Turkmenistan - TKM Turks and Caicos Islands - TCA Tuvalu - TUV Uganda - UGA Ukraine - UKR United Arab Emirates - ARE United Kingdom - UK United States - USA Uruguay - URU Uzbekistan - UZB Vanuatu - VUT Vatican City State - VAT Venezuela - VEN Vietnam - VNM Virgin Islands (U.S) - VIR Wallis and Futuna - WLF Western Sahara - ESH Western Samoa - WSM Yemen - YEM Zambia - ZMB Zimbabwe - ZWE. Cricket Wireless ZTE Grand X4 16GB Prepaid Smartphone, Gray. 5 new & refurbished from $93.88. ZTE Grand x4 Z956 (16GB) Silver (Cricket) Smartphone Clean ESN/IMEI 15274. For ZTE Grand X4 Z956 | ZTE Blade Spark Z971 Dual Bumper Case Tree Hunter Camo. For ZTE Grand X 4 X4 Z956 Z957 Damon Shockproof Brushed Hybrid Cover Case + Pen. Unlocked ZTE Grand X 4 Android 5.5" Smartphone 4G LTE w/ Fingerprint Sensor New. 5 new & refurbished from $93.88. New ZTE Grand X4 Cricket Unlocked Android 5.5" HD 16GB 13MP Fingerprint. 5 new & refurbished from $93.88. ZTE GRAND X4 BLACK CRICKET CLEAN ESN WORKS PLEASE READ 16122. Cricket Wireless - ZTE Grand X 4 4G with 16GB Memory Prepaid Cell Phone - Gray. 5 new & refurbished from $93.88. ZTE GRAND X 4 GRAY CRICKET CLEAN ESN WORKS PLEASE READ 16048. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - 16GB - Gray (Cricket) Smartphone. 5 new & refurbished from $93.88. ZTE GRAND X 4 GRAY CRICKET CLEAN ESN WORKS PLEASE READ 16047. ZTE Grand X4 Case, X 4 CellJoy [Transformer Armor] Z956 Hybrid Slim Fit... ZTE Grand X4 / Z956 Slim Armor Box Metal Shockproof Brushed Case Accessory Pink. New Cricket Wireless ZTE Qualcomm 2GB RAM Grand X4 16GB Prepaid Smartphone Gray. 5 new & refurbished from $93.88. ZTE Grand x4 Z956 (16GB) Silver (Cricket) Smartphone Clean ESN/IMEI 14614. ZTE GRAND X4 BLACK CRICKET CLEAN ESN WORKS PLEASE READ 15892. ZTE Grand x4 Z956 (16GB) Silver (Cricket) Cracked screen Bad ESN Free Shipping. ZTE Grand X 4 - Cricket. 5 new & refurbished from $93.88. FOR 5.5" ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 Cricket Touch Screen+LCD Screen Display Part US. USA Ne For 5.5" ZTE Grand X4 Z956 LCD Display Touch Digitizer Screen Assembly BK. ZTE Grand X - 4GB - black CRICKET Smartphone. ZTE Grand X4 (Cricket) Fair Condition 1 Of The Newest Phone Cricket Offers!. Cricket Wireless ZTE Grand X4 16GB Prepaid Smartphone, Gray. 5 new & refurbished from $93.88. 6-Pack Clear XtremeGuard HI-DEF Screen Protector For ZTE Grand X4. BLACK FULL TEMPERED GLASS PHONE SCREEN PROTECTOR GUARD FOR [ZTE GRAND X4 Z956]. USA LCD Display Touch Screen Digitizer Frame For Black ZTE Grand X4 Z956 Cricket. For ZTE Grand X4 Z956 | ZTE Blade Spark Z971 Clip Kickstand Case - Plain Black. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. Customs services and international tracking provided. eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.. eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. Top Rated Plus Sellers with highest buyer ratings Returns, money back Ships in a business day with tracking Learn More. $ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price. Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.. Site Map Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. Accessibility , User Agreement , Privacy , Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. HSPA 42.2/5.76 Mbps, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps. 155.2 x 77 x 9.1 mm (6.11 x 3.03 x 0.36 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~69.8% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~267 ppi density). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. ZTE Grand X4 - user opinions and reviews. It's an impressive amount of use a person must have to roll this down like that!. On a slightly dim screen, 720 draws barely anything, and it's got a large battery to boot.. Its also called (zte blade spark).. Non-removable batteries are becoming standard in every phone brand. Your best option is to buy a portable battery pack if you want the peace of mind.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. LG Stylus 3 Apple iPhone 8 ZTE Blade V8 Pro ZTE Blade X LG G4 ZTE nubia Z7 Max. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Axon 7 ZTE nubia Z17s ZTE Axon 9 ZTE nubia Z17. 
Page of. Manual will be automatically added to "My Manuals". Manuals Brands Zte Manuals Cell Phone GRAND X4 User manual Zte GRAND X4 User Manual. Related Manuals for Zte GRAND X4. Cell Phone Zte MAX XL User Manual. Cell Phone Zte GRAND X User Manual. Cell Phone Zte Grand X User Manual. Cell Phone Zte Grand X User Manual. Cell Phone Zte GRAND X 3 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte Grand X In User Manual. Cell Phone Zte GRAND X Plus User Manual. Cell Phone Zte Grand X Max+ User Manual. Cell Phone Zte X100 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte X632 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte X991 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte ZTE-J G730 User Manual. Cell Phone Zte Grand S Flex User Manual. Cell Phone Zte ZTE-G R352 User Manual. Gsm dual-band gprs digital (46 pages). Zte-j gota digital mobile phone (64 pages). Zte grand s flex mobile phone user manual (178 pages). Gsm digital mobile phone (40 pages). Summary of Contents for Zte GRAND X4. Page 17: Extending The Battery Life. Page 18: Locking/unlocking The Screen And Keys. Page 19: Using The Touch Screen. Page 22: Getting To Know The Home Screen. Page 26: Changing Ringtone And Notification Sound. Page 28: Using Do Not Disturb Mode. Page 31: Protecting Your Phone With Screen Locks. Page 32: Protecting Your Phone With Screen Pinning. Page 37: Respond To Or Remove A Notification. Page 39: Managing Shortcuts And Widgets. Page 41: Rearranging The Primary Shortcuts. Page 42: Change Input Methods, Google Keyboard. Page 44: Gesture Typing, Google Keyboard Settings. Page 52: Opening And Switching Apps. Page 54: Connecting To Networks And Devices. Page 61: Change The Device Name, Pair With Another Bluetooth Device. Page 62: Send Data Via Bluetooth. Page 63: Connecting To Your Computer Via Usb. Page 65: Using The Microsdxc Card As Portable Or Device Storage. Page 69: Sharing Your Mobile Data Connection. Page 71: Connecting To Virtual Private Networks. Page 72: Connect To A Vpn. Page 74: Answering Or Rejecting Calls. Page 75: Working With The Call History. Page 77: Using Options During A Call. Page 79: Adjusting Your Call Settings. Page 80: Edit Quick Response To Rejected Callers. Page 87: Setting Up Your Own Profile. Page 88: Working With Favorite Contacts. Page 91: Searching For A Contact. Page 97: Writing And Sending An Email. Page 98: Responding To An Email. Page 99: Adding And Editing Email Accounts. Page 100: Changing General Email Settings. Page 102: Replying To A Message. Page 107: Editing, Deleting Or Sharing An Event. Page 109: Using Multiple Browser Tabs. Page 114: Using Different Camera Modes. Page 124: Making A Gif Picture Or A Collage. Page 127: Viewing Your Music Library. Page 134: Editing A Saved Channel. Page 136: More Apps And Features. Page 144: Data Usage, Airplane Mode. Page 154: Connect To Pc, Backup And Reset. Page 156: Upgrading The Phone Software. Page 162: Radio Frequency (rf) Energy. Page 166: Hearing Aid Compatibility (hac) Regulations For Mobile Phones. Page 171: Small Children, Normal Use Position. Page 175: Hearing Aids, Medical Devices. About This Manual Thank you for choosing this ZTE mobile device. In order to keep your device in its best condition, please read this manual and keep it for future reference. Copyright Copyright © 2016 ZTE CORPORATION. ® The Bluetooth trademark and logos are owned by the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such trademarks by ZTE Corporation is under license. microSDXC Logo is a trademark of SD-3C, LLC. Manufactured under license from Dolby Laboratories. Dolby, Dolby Audio, and the double-D symbol are trademarks of Dolby Laboratories.. Getting to Know Your Phone ..........11. Installing the nano-SIM Card and microSDXC Card ..13. Protecting Your Phone With Screen Locks ......31. Protecting Your Phone With Screen Pinning ...... Using Your Fingerprint ............33 Knowing the Basics ..........35. Working With the Call History ..........75. Using Options During a Call ..........77. Writing and Sending an Email ..........97. Adding and Editing Email Accounts ........99. Changing General Email Settings ........100 Messaging ............101. Other Options and Settings..........134 More Apps and Features ........136. IC Notice ................165 Hearing Aid Compatibility (HAC) Regulations for Mobile. Getting Started Getting to Know Your Phone Proximity & Headset jack light sensor Earpiece Front camera Volume key Power key Touch screen Home key (with indicator light) Back key Recent apps key Charging/USB Type-C jack.... Auxiliary microphone Back camera Flash nano-SIM/ Fingerprint microSDXC sensor card tray Speaker Main microphone.... Knowing the Keys Function  Press and hold to turn on or off airplane mode, restart, or power off. Power key  Press to turn off or on the screen display. Press or hold either end of the key to turn the Volume key volume up or down.. WARNING! To avoid damage to the phone, do not use any non-standard nano-SIM card cut from a SIM card. You can get a standard nano-SIM card from your service provider. Insert the tip of the tray eject tool into the hole on the card tray on the left side of the phone.. CAUTION: Do not change the built-in rechargeable battery in your phone by yourself. The battery can only be changed by ZTE or ZTE authorized service provider.. Connect the adapter to the charging/USB Type-C jack. Connect the charger to a standard AC power outlet. If the phone is on, you’ll see a charging icon, such as appear on the status bar. Disconnect the charger when the battery is fully charged. NOTE: If the battery is extremely low, the phone may not power on even while charging.. Extending the Battery Life Active applications, screen brightness levels, Bluetooth and Wi-Fi usage and GPS functionality can drain your battery. You can follow the helpful tips below to conserve your battery power: Use the Battery saver feature in Settings.  Reduce the screen backlight time.. Touch the language field to select a language. Then touch and follow the prompts to set up Wi-Fi, name, device protection, Google services and other options. Locking/Unlocking the Screen and Keys Your phone allows you to quickly lock the screen and keys (put the phone to sleep mode) when not in use and to turn the screen back on and unlock it when you need it.. NOTE: If you have set a fingerprint, a pattern, a PIN or a password for your phone (see Protecting Your Phone With Screen Locks), you’ll need to press your finger against the fingerprint sensor, draw the pattern or enter the PIN/password to unlock your screen. Using the Touch Screen Your phone’s touch screen enables you to control actions through a variety of touch gestures.. Swipe or Slide  To swipe or slide means to quickly drag your finger vertically or horizontally across the screen. Drag  To drag, press and hold your finger with some pressure before you start to move your finger. While dragging, do not release your finger until you have reached the target position.. Pinch  In some apps (such as Maps, web browser, and Gallery), you can zoom in and out by placing two fingers on the screen at once and pinching them together (to zoom out) or spreading them apart (to zoom in).. Rotate the screen  For most screens, you can automatically change the screen orientation from portrait to landscape by turning the phone sideways. NOTE: The auto-rotate feature needs to be enabled for the screen orientation to automatically change. Touch the Home key > >.... Status bar Widgets Folder Shortcut Primary shortcuts Extended Home Screen Panels Your home screen is extendable, providing more space for shortcuts, widgets, and more. Simply swipe left or right on the home screen to see the extended panels. You can add or remove home screen panels or adjust their order.. To delete a home screen panel: 1. Touch and hold an empty area of the home screen. Slide left or right to view the home screen thumbnails. Touch on the top right corner of a thumbnail. The items on the panel will also be removed. NOTE: When there is only one home screen panel, you cannot delete it any more.. Personalizing Changing the System Language 1. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Language & input > Language. Setting the Date and Time 1. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Date & time. Changing Ringtone and Notification Sound You can customize the default incoming call ringtone and the default notification sound. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Sound & notification. Touch Phone ringtone or Default notification ringtone. Scroll through the list and select the ringtone you want to use. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Sound & notification. Drag the sliders below Media volume, Alarm volume, Ring volume, and Notification volume to adjust the volume for each type of audio. NOTE: You can adjust the media volume when a media application is in use by pressing the Volume key.. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Sound &  notification > Notification mode and select Vibrate or Mute to switch to vibration or silent mode. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Sound &  notification > Do not disturb, touch Do not disturb and select Always.. To set exceptions for Do not disturb mode: You can set reminders, certain calls and messages as exceptions when Do not disturb mode is on and Priority only is selected as the disturb rule, so these ringtones, sounds and vibration are not turned off.. Touch and hold an empty place on the home screen. In the window that appears at the bottom, touch Themes. Touch the Home key > >.... Protecting Your Phone With Screen Locks You can protect your phone by creating a screen lock. When it is enabled, you need to touch and hold the screen, draw a pattern or enter a numeric PIN or password to unlock the phone’s screen and keys.. Protecting Your Phone With Screen Pinning You can use the screen pinning feature to keep an app in view, so others cannot switch to other apps or access your personal information. Touch the Home key > >.... If you have asked for the unlock pattern, PIN or password before unpinning the screen, touch and hold the lock screen and draw the pattern or enter the PIN/password. Using Your Fingerprint With the fingerprint sensor on the back of your phone, you can register up to 5 fingerprints and use them to unlock the phone, or simply press the fingerprint sensor to take photos, or answer calls.. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Security > Fingerprint. Touch the switches next to Wake up and unlock your phone, Take photo, or Answer call. Touch Quick-open app to assign an app to each registered fingerprint. Wake up and unlock your phone: When the screen lock .... Knowing the Basics Monitoring the Phone Status The status bar at the top of the home screen provides phone and service status icons on the right side. Below are some of the icons you may see. EDGE/2G connected No signal 3G connected Signal strength 4G connected.... Managing Notifications Notification Icons The status bar at the top of the home screen provides notification icons on the left. Below are some of the icons you may see. The notifications depend on the apps installed and you can touch and drag the status bar down to see more information..  To open the notification panel, swipe your finger down on the home screen or from the top of the screen.  To close the notification panel, swipe your finger up from the bottom of the screen or touch the Back key. Respond to or Remove a Notification In the notification panel, you can respond to a notification or remove the notifications.. Hide sensitive content: Hide content in this app's  notifications when the phone is locked. NOTE: If you block notifications for an app, you may miss its important alerts and updates. The notifications of some apps cannot be blocked. Use Quick Settings The Quick Settings make it convenient to view or change the most common settings for your phone..  Wi-Fi: Touch to turn on or off Wi-Fi. Touch and hold to open the Wi-Fi menu in Settings.  Data: Touch to turn on or off mobile data service over the mobile network. Touch and hold to open the Data usage menu in Settings.. Touch and hold a shortcut or widget on the home screen. Drag it to the place you need. Touch and hold a shortcut or widget on the home screen. To add more shortcuts into the folder, touch and hold each shortcut and drag it over the folder before releasing it. NOTES:  Touch the folder and then touch the name field to rename the folder.  Drag the folder to to delete the folder and replace its shortcuts on the home screen.. Enable or Disable Input Methods 1. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Language & input > Current Keyboard. Touch CHOOSE KEYBOARDS at the bottom. Slide the switches beside the input methods to enable or disable them.  Touch the alphabetic keys to enter letters. Touch and hold some specific keys to enter associated accented letters or numbers. For example, to enter È, touch and hold the available accented letters and number 3 appear.  Touch to enter miniature icons, such as expressions, horoscopes, and animals.  Touch to use Google voice typing.  Touch and hold to change the input language or set up the Google Keyboard.  Touch and hold and slide right to change the keyboard position for one-hand use.. End of the word Start of the word NOTES:  Touch when you want to. If you want to enter a single letter, go ahead and touch.  Lift your finger at the end of the word. A space is added automatically when you begin to input the next word.. The FULL Layout The FULL layout offers an input experience similar to a computer keyboard.  The alphabetic keys: Touch the keys to enter letters. Touch a key and slide if necessary to choose more characters.  The shift key: Touch to use uppercase.. on the space key or touch to enter Emoji and emoticons.  The delete key: Touch to delete text before the cursor. You can also slide left on the key to delete an entire word.  More options: Touch to access additional functions of TouchPal, use voice input, edit text, change keyboard themes, and more.. The T+ Layout Touch to enter the left letter on the key; double-tap or flick right to enter the right letter/symbol on the key. You can also touch and hold a key and slide left or right to choose more letters and symbols.. Move your finger from letter to letter on the keyboard to trace a word without lifting the finger, until you reach the end of the word. End of the word Start of the word NOTES:  Curve is only available in the Full layout. Touch the Back key to return to the text field. Open the TouchPal keyboard and switch to the Full layout. Touch or use Curve to enter the first word. As the first word appears on the text field, candidate words appear on the keyboard for you to choose from as the following word.. Google Voice Typing Google Voice typing uses the Google voice recognition service to convert speech to text. Touch on the Google keyboard or > on the TouchPal keyboard to access the Google voice typing feature. When you see the microphone image, speak what you want to type..  Insert clipboard text to the text field: Touch and hold the tab below the cursor and then select PASTE. Opening and Switching Apps Open an App 1. Touch the Home key > 2. Slide up or down on the screen and touch an app to open it. Switch Between Recently Opened Apps 1.. NOTES:  Pre-installed apps cannot be uninstalled, and not all apps can be disabled.  To find the disabled applications, touch the Home key > > Settings > Apps. You can then touch the disabled application and touch ENABLE to restore it.. Connecting to Networks and Devices Connecting to Mobile Networks Control Mobile Data Use To enable or disable data access: 1. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Cellular network. Touch the Mobile Data switch to enable or disable mobile data use.. Set Access Point Names To connect to the Internet you can use the default Access Point Names (APN). And if you want to add a new APN, please contact the service provider to get the necessary information. Touch the Home key > >.... Connecting to Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a wireless networking technology that can provide Internet access at distances of up to 300 feet, depending on the Wi-Fi router and your surroundings. Turn Wi-Fi On and Connect to a Wi-Fi Network 1. Touch the Home key > >.... Add a Wi-Fi Network You can add a Wi-Fi network if the network does not broadcast its name (SSID), or add a Wi-Fi network when you are out of range. To connect to a secured network, you first need to get the security details from the network's administrator.. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Wi-Fi. Slide the Wi-Fi switch to the On position. Touch > Advanced > WPS Pin Entry. The WPS PIN number displays on the screen. Enter the PIN number into the access point's setup page.. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Wi-Fi. Touch > Advanced to adjust the following settings. Network notification: Get notifications in the status bar  when Wi-Fi is on and an open network is available. Scanning always available: Let Google’s location .... ® Using Wi-Fi Direct Wi-Fi Direct allows Wi-Fi devices to share files and data directly by connecting to each other without the need for wireless access points (hotspots). Your phone supports Wi-Fi Direct, but you may need to install third-party applications to share data through Wi-Fi Direct.. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Bluetooth. Slide the Bluetooth switch to the On or Off position. When Bluetooth is on, the icon appears in the status bar. Touch the Home key > >.... NOTE: The Bluetooth passkey may be fixed for certain devices, such as headsets and hands-free car kits. You can try entering 0000 or 1234 (the most common passkeys), or refer to the documents for that device. Forget (Unpair With) a Bluetooth Device You can make your phone forget its pairing connection with another Bluetooth device.. Turn Bluetooth on before trying to receive data via Bluetooth. Flick down the status bar and touch 3. Touch ACCEPT to start receiving the data. Received files are stored automatically in a dedicated folder (Bluetooth, for instance) in the phone storage or microSDXC directory.. Install driver: Install the driver needed for some USB  connection modes (such as MTP). You only need to install the driver on the same PC once. NOTE: You can also install the driver on PC by running the executable file in the new CD-ROM drive. Disconnect Your Phone From the Computer To disconnect the phone from the computer, simply unplug the USB cable when you’re finished. Using the microSDXC Card as Portable or Device Storage You can use your microSDXC card as portable storage when there's already content such as your media and other files so that you don't lose them.. To remove the microSDXC card from your phone: If you need to remove the microSDXC card used as portable storage while the phone is on, you must unmount it first. Touch next to the card name in the Portable storage section.. Touch the card name in the Portable storage section. CAUTION: The formatting procedure erases all the data on the microSDXC card, after which the files CANNOT be retrieved. To remove the microSDXC card from your phone: If you need to remove the microSDXC card used as device storage while the phone is on, you must unmount it first. Touch your card name below Device storage. Sharing Your Mobile Data Connection You can share your phone’s data capabilities through tethering or by activating the Wi-Fi hotspot feature to create a mobile hotspot. Share Your Mobile Data Connection via USB You can access the Internet on your computer via the USB tethering feature of your phone.. NOTE: When the portable Wi-Fi hotspot feature is enabled, you cannot use your phone’s Wi-Fi capability to access the Internet. You still remain connected to the Internet via your mobile data network. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Wi-Fi hotspot. Security: Choose a security option, Open (not recommended) or WPA2 PSK (other users can access your Wi-Fi hotspot only if they enter the correct password). When you select WPA2 PSK, touch the Password field to edit the security password. Broadcast network name (SSID): Check to broadcast or uncheck to hide your network name (SSID).. Touch the Home key > > Settings > More > VPN. Touch at the top right corner and fill in the information provided by your network administrator. The VPN is added to the list on the VPN screen. NOTE: You must set a lock PIN or password before using VPN.. Phone Calls You can place calls from the Phone app, the Contacts app, or other apps or widgets that display contact information. Wherever you see a phone number, you can usually touch it to dial. Placing and Ending Calls Place a Call by Dialing 1.. End a Call During a call, touch on the screen. Answering or Rejecting Calls When you receive a phone call, the incoming call screen opens, displaying the caller ID or the information about the caller that you've entered in the Contacts app. You can answer or reject the call, or reject it with a text message.. Working With the Call History The call history is a list of all the calls you've placed, received, or missed. It provides a convenient way to redial a number, return a call, or add a number to your contacts. To open the call history, you can touch the Home key > >....  Touch > Edit before call to edit the number in the dialer before calling it.  Touch to call the number.  Touch the contact icon in front of the number to open the contact information tab from the bottom of the screen. You can send a message, call back, edit the contact, add the contact to favorites, or add the number to contacts.. Touch and hold the 1 key in the dialer. If prompted, enter your voicemail password. Follow the voice prompts to listen to and manage your voicemail messages. NOTE: Set Voicemail for how to set your voicemail service. For detailed information, please contact the service provider.. WARNING! Because of higher volume levels, do not place the phone near your ear during speakerphone use. Managing Multi-party Calls When the call waiting and three-way call features are available, you can switch between two calls or set up a conference call. NOTE: The call waiting and three-way call features need network support and may result in additional charges.. Set Up a Conference Call With this feature, you can talk to two people at the same time. Once you have established the connection, touch and dial the second number. (This puts the first caller on hold.) 3.. Set Sound and Vibration Set the sound and vibration for incoming calls as well as dialpad sounds. Touch the Home key > > > Settings > Sounds and vibration. Touch the option you want to configure. Touch Phone ringtone to select the ringtone for incoming .... Touch the Home key > > > Settings > Call settings > Voicemail. Touch Service to select the voicemail service provider.  Your carrier is the default. Touch Setup > Voicemail number to edit the voicemail .... Set TTY Mode Your phone is a TTY compatible device. A TTY device can allow people who have hearing or speech disabilities to communicate by telephone. Simply connect the TTY device to the phone’s headset jack. Select a TTY mode for your phone to work with a TTY device, or turn TTY off.. Touch the Home key > > > Settings > Call settings. Check Hearing aids to turn on hearing aid compatibility. CAUTION: Do not turn on the Hearing aids option unless you use a hearing aid with a telecoil. Using this setting without a hearing aid or with a hearing aid without a telecoil may be harmful to your hearing.. Set DTMF Tones You can set the length of Dual-tone multi-frequency (DTMF) signal tones. Touch the Home key > > > Settings > Call settings > DTMF tones. Set Vibration for Call Connection You can set the phone to vibration when an outgoing call is answered.. Bar Certain Calls Call barring feature allows you to forbid certain types of calls from your phone. Touch the Home key > > > Settings > Call settings > Call barring. Set the restriction of specific types of calls from your phone. Set Caller ID and Call Waiting 1.. Contacts You can add contacts on your phone and synchronize them with the contacts in your Google account or other accounts that support contact syncing. To see your contacts, touch the Home key > Contacts. From there, you can touch the tabs on the top of the screen to quickly switch to contact groups or favorite contacts.. Setting Up Your Own Profile You can create your own name card in your phone. Touch the Home key > Contacts. If a profile has already been set up, touch the existing profile below ME and touch 3.. Export Contacts to the Phone Storage 1. Touch the Home key > Contacts. Touch > Import/Export > Export contacts > Export to storage. The phone will prompt you with the name of the vCard file and the directory in which the file will be saved. Touch OK to create the file.. Remove a Contact From Favorites 1. Touch the Home key > Contacts > FAVORITES tab. Touch a favorite contact and then touch at the top. Working With Groups View Your Contact Groups 1. Touch the Home key > Contacts and touch the GROUPS tab.. Touch Add member and select the contacts you wish to be the group members. If necessary, touch Default below RINGTONE and NOTIFICATION RINGTONE to set a special ringtone for incoming calls and messages from the group members, and then touch OK.. Touch the Home key > Contacts. Touch at the top of the screen. Input the contact name or any information the contact has to search for it. The contacts matched will be listed. Editing Contacts Edit Contact Details 1.. Join Duplicate Contacts As your phone synchronizes with multiple online accounts, you may see duplicate entries for the same contact. You can merge all the separate information of a contact into one entry in the contacts list. Touch the Home key > Contacts. Web Accounts Adding or Removing Accounts You can add multiple Google accounts and Microsoft Exchange ® ActiveSync accounts. You may also add other kinds of accounts depending on the apps installed on your phone. Touch the Home key > >.... Configuring Account Sync Configure Auto Sync Setting 1. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Accounts. Touch and check or uncheck Auto-sync data. When automatic sync is turned on, changes you make  to information on your phone or on the web are automatically synced with each other.. Change an Account’s Sync Settings 1. Touch the Home key > > Settings > Accounts. Touch the account category and then the account. The Sync screen appears, showing a list of information the account can sync. When auto-sync is enabled, switch on or off the items as you need.. Email Touch in the home screen and select Email. Use it to receive and send emails from your webmail or other accounts, using POP3 or IMAP, or access your Exchange ActiveSync account for your corporate email needs. Setting Up the First Email Account 1.. You can also check new emails manually by dragging down on the message list. To check earlier emails for your IMAP or POP3 accounts, swipe upwards to the bottom of the message list and touch LOAD MORE. You can adjust how often your account downloads new email by touching >.... Responding to an Email You can reply to or forward a message that you receive. You can also delete messages and manage them in other ways. Reply to or Forward an Email 1. Open the email you want to reply to or forward from the Inbox. From your inbox, touch > Settings. Touch the account you want to delete. Swipe to the bottom of the screen and touch Remove account. All email messages in the account will be deleted.. Edit an Email Account You can change a number of settings for an account, including how often you check for email, how you’re notified of new mails, your email signature, and details about the servers the account uses to send and receive mails. Messaging You can use Messaging to exchange text messages (SMS) and multimedia messages (MMS). Opening the Messaging Screen Touch the Home key > Messaging. The Messaging screen opens, where you can create a new message, search for messages, or open an ongoing message thread.. Touch the Type message field and enter the message text. If you want to send a multimedia message, touch attach a file or create a slideshow to the message. NOTES:  You can also include email addresses as recipients for a multimedia message.. On the Messaging screen, touch the thread that has the message you want to forward. Touch the message and then touch Forward in the menu that opens. Enter a recipient for the message and edit the content if you want.. On the Messaging screen, touch and hold a thread you want to delete. If there are more threads you want to delete, touch them one by one. Calendar Calendar on the phone works with the web-based Google Calendar™ service for creating and managing events, meetings and appointments. It also works with the Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync calendar once you sign into your Exchange account on the phone. To open Calendar, touch Calendar in the home screen. Viewing Your Calendars and Events Select Visible Calendars 1..  In Month view, swipe vertically to see past and future months.  In Agenda view, swipe vertically to see all your events.  When you are viewing past or future days, weeks, or months, touch at the top right to quickly switch to today. The number in the icon changes with the actual date.. Editing, Deleting or Sharing an Event 1. Find the event you want to edit, delete, or share. Open its details screen (see View Event Details in this chapter). Do one of the following as you need. To edit the event, touch .. Web Browser Use Chrome to view web pages and search for information. Opening the Browser Touch the Home key > Google folder > Chrome to launch the web browser. You can also open the browser by touching a web link - for example, in an email or a text message.. Using Multiple Browser Tabs You can open several web pages at the same time (one page in each tab) and switch between them freely. To open a new browser tab: Touch > New tab. Using Bookmarks Add a Bookmark 1. Open the web page that you want to bookmark. The URL of the web page is added to your bookmarks. If necessary, touch EDIT, which briefly appears at the bottom, or touch >.... Touch next to the bookmark you want to remove and select Delete. Touch > Settings > Privacy > Clear browsing data. Touch the Clear data from the field to select the time period you want to clear.. Camera You can use your phone to take photos and record videos. Photos and videos are stored on the phone’s internal storage or the microSDXC card. You can copy them to your computer or access them in the Gallery app. Number Function Change the flash setting, only available for the back camera. View pictures and videos you have taken. Switch among AUTO, MANUAL, or other modes (PANORAMA, MULTI EXPOSURE, and INTERVAL), only available for the back camera.. NOTE: In Auto camera mode, when you touch the screen to focus, the exposure bar appears beside the focus point. You can drag up or down to adjust the exposure. Lightly touch or press the Volume key to take a photo. NOTE: When you use the front camera, you can also touch to adjust beauty face or smile detection setting.. Drag to any area on the screen that you want to  focus on. Touch and hold it to lock the focus. Drag to any area on the screen where you want the  camera to meter exposure so as to adjust the photo brightness.. Touch the Home key > Camera. Aim the camera at the subject and touch 4. Move the camera right or left to capture a panorama shot. Touch the Home key > Camera. Aim the camera at the subject and make any necessary adjustment. You can touch any area on the screen that you want the camcorder to focus on before and during recording..  CAMERA Picture size: Set the image size for your photo.  Full screen: Set the viewfinder screen as full screen  when the back camera is used. Mirror: Available for the front camera. You can enable  this feature to take a mirror photo using the front camera. Point-and-shoot: Available for the front camera..  VIDEO Video quality: Set the quality up to 1080P for your video.  Time lapse: Set the time interval between each frame  when recording time lapse videos using the back camera. Focus lock when recording: Select whether to lock the .... Gallery Opening Gallery Touch the Home key > > Gallery to view albums of your pictures and videos. Working With Albums When you open Gallery, all pictures and videos on your phone are displayed in a number of albums. To view album contents: Touch an album to view the pictures and videos it contains.. Touch and hold an album to select it. Touch more albums that you want to hide. NOTE: To show the hidden albums again, touch > Settings > Manage hidden albums. Touch the albums you want to restore and touch Show at the bottom.. When viewing a picture in full screen, the following features are available.  Swipe horizontally to see other pictures or videos in the album.  Pinch a picture or video to make it smaller. You'll then see a filmstrip-style view of all your pictures and videos in a row. Swipe left or right to scan through them all.. Touch > Photo Editor while viewing a picture in full screen to open the Editor interface. NOTE: You can also choose to edit the picture with Photos. Some editing tools need to be downloaded. Touch an edit option along the bottom of the screen and edit the picture.. Making a GIF Picture or a Collage You can put together a few pictures in the same album to make an animated GIF picture or a collage of pictures. Open the Gallery app and touch > GIF maker or Collage maker.. Touch an album in the gallery and then touch the thumbnail of a video. Touch at the center to start playing. Touch the video to view the playback controls.. Music Touch the Home key > > Music to play audio files stored on your phone. Music supports a wide variety of audio formats, so it can play music you purchase from online stores, music you copy from your CD collection, and so on. Copying Music Files to Your Phone Before using Music, you need to copy or download audio files to your phone.. Viewing Your Music Library Touch the Home key > > Music to open the Music app. There you can touch All Songs to view all your audio files, or touch Artists, Albums, or Folders to view by categorized lists of artists, albums, and folders. You can also touch Favorites or Recently Played to find songs, or view all your playlists in Playlists section.. NOTE: If the song is being played and you’re in the playback screen, you can touch > Set as ringtone and select Phone Ringtone or Notification Ringtone. Playing Music Touch a song in the music library to listen to it. Touch the bottom of the screen to open the following playback screen.. Number Function Track name and artist/album information. View information of the current track. Playback control: Skip songs or pause and resume playback. Drag the progress bar to jump to any part of the track. Toggle repeat mode: repeating the current song, repeating all songs, or sequential.. Video Player Use the Video Player app to manage your video library and watch videos. Opening the Video Library Touch in the home screen and select Video Player to view your video library, where your video files are displayed. Swipe up or down to find the video you want. You can also touch to search for video files, or touch >....  Touch to rotate the video.  Touch to hide the control panel.  Touch to play the video in a small window and continue with other tasks on the phone.  Touch to capture a screenshot.  Touch to manage the Dolby Audio effects. Touch a video to start playing it. Drag the two tabs on the progress bar to select the portion you want to keep. If necessary, touch to preview the selected portion. FM Radio With the FM radio, you can search for radio channels, listen to them, and save them on your phone. Note that the quality of the radio broadcast depends on the coverage of the radio station in your area. The wired headset works as an antenna, so always connect the headset when using the radio.. You can also drag the frequency panel left or right, touch + or -, or touch to switch to other channels. NOTES:  Touch to add the channel to favorites. Favorite channels are put on the FM Radio main screen. Slide up to view all favorite channels.. To turn off FM radio immediately: Touch the switch at the top of the screen. To set your radio region: FM radio frequency ranges differ in different regions. Touch > FM frequency range to select the range you need. NOTE: If you change the frequency range, previously saved channels are not shown until you switch back to the original frequency range.. More Apps and Features Backup & Restore Touch the Home key > > Backup & Restore. You can back up your user data, such as messages and installed applications, to the microSDXC card or phone storage regularly. If the data get lost, restore it from the card or storage.. Touch the tab in the Clock app. Touch an existing alarm to configure it, or touch at the bottom of the screen to create a new alarm. Set up the alarm options, such as time, alarm days, snooze, and alarm ringtone.. Dolby Audio Your phone support Dolby Audio, which enhances the phone’s audio quality. Touch the Home key > > Dolby Audio to manage its settings.  Touch to turn on or off Dolby Audio.  Touch Movie, Music, Game, or Voice to switch preset Dolby Audio settings.. File Manager Quickly access all of your images, videos, audio clips, and other types of files on your phone storage. Touch the Home key > > File Manager.  Touch CATEGORY at the top left to find the file you need by category.. Sound Recorder Sound Recorder enables you to record voice memos and listen to them whenever you like. Touch the HQ icon to turn on or off high quality recording. Google Apps Open the Google apps to use Google services. Some apps are put in the Google folder on the home screen. NOTE: Some contents or Google services may not be available in certain regions.  Chrome: Use the Chrome app to browse the Internet and get your bookmarks, browsing history, and more synced with your Google account..  Play Movies & TV: Purchase, download and watch the latest and your favorite movies and TV shows.  Play Music: Play music on the phone and on your Google account.  Play Store: Buy and download apps, games, and other content from the Google Play Store.. Settings Touch the Home key > > Settings. The Settings app contains most of the tools for customizing and configuring your phone. Wireless and Networks Wi-Fi Touch the Home key > > Settings > Wi-Fi. You can turn Wi-Fi on or off and configure your Wi-Fi connections. See Connecting to Wi-Fi Using Wi-Fi Direct.. Wi-Fi Hotspot Touch the Home key > > Settings > Wi-Fi hotspot. By using Wi-Fi hotspot, your phone can be used as an Internet access point, which allows devices to connect via Wi-Fi. See Share Your Mobile Data Connection as a Wi-Fi Hotspot.. Touch the Home key > > Settings > More > VPN to set up and connect to virtual private networks. See Connecting to Virtual Private Networks. Default SMS App Touch the Home key > > Settings > More > Default SMS app to choose the preferred application for sending and receiving messages..  Wallpaper: Select a background image for the home screen.  Sleep: Set the length of time of inactivity before the screen turns off automatically.  Daydream: Manage the Daydream function. When Daydream is enabled, photos or animations will be displayed as a screensaver.. Security Touch the Home key > > Settings > Security to configure options that help keep your phone and data safe.  Screen lock: Disable the screen lock or enable it with long press, pattern, PIN, or password. See Protecting Your Phone With Screen Locks.. NOTE: You need to sign in to your Google account on the phone to use the Smart Lock feature.  Set up SIM card lock: Lock SIM card: Activate or deactivate the PIN lock to  require PIN before accessing the nano-SIM card. Change SIM PIN: Change the PIN used to access the ....  Screen pinning: Keep a screen of your choice in view, so that others cannot switch to other apps and access your personal information. See Protecting Your Phone With Screen Pinning.  Apps with usage access: Turn on or off some apps’ access to your phone usage information..  Personal dictionary: Add new words to the phone’s dictionary or remove words from the dictionary. The words you add are used for spelling check and word suggestion.  Keyboard & input methods: Configure text input settings.  Text-to-speech output: Preferred engine: Select the speech synthesis engine .... Device Location Touch the Home key > > Settings > Location to manage location services, which help your phone and apps determine your location. To use location-related applications, such as finding your location on Google Maps, you must have location services turned on on your phone.. You can touch Save location to choose the default location for new data, such as photos captured, and voice recorded. Touch Phone > Used space to get a detailed breakdown of space usage by type. Touch a data type to see more information or delete the files you do not need.. Apps Touch the Home key > > Settings > Apps to see apps installed on your phone and manage them. Touch an app to see its information. The following options may be available:  FORCE STOP: Stop the app. Memory Touch the Home key > > Settings > Memory to monitor the average memory use and performance of your phone. You can also check which apps use the most memory. Connect to PC Touch the Home key > > Settings > Connect to PC to select your USB connection type between your phone and PC.. Accounts Touch the Home key > > Settings > Accounts to manage your web accounts and synchronization. Touch Add account to sign in to or create accounts on your phone. Touch an account type to see that type of accounts you have added and adjust the accounts settings.. Use your PC to download an upgrade package to your microSDXC card and install it to your phone from the card. NOTE: Visit the ZTE official handset service support website (http://www.ztedevice.com/support) and click your country or region to learn more about the above upgrade methods, as well.... Troubleshooting If you encounter problems while using the phone, or if it performs abnormally, you can refer to the chart below. If your particular problem cannot be resolved using the information in the chart, contact the dealer where you purchased the phone. Problem Possible causes Possible solution End the call and dial again. The local telephone line You may be switched to a quality is poor. better-quality network link or phone line. Your service provider does Unable to not support these features, Contact your service select certain or you have not applied for.... Problem Possible causes Possible solution If you are not able to connect to the network, the phone will continue to send Change your location to one out signals as it attempts to where the network is locate a base station. Doing accessible, or temporarily so consumes battery power turn off your phone.. Problem Possible causes Possible solution Contact your service provider. If the service You have entered an PIN Code provider provides the incorrect PIN code three blocked nano-SIM card’s PUK code, consecutive times. use the PUK code to unlock the nano-SIM card. Uninstall the software that Phone may cause the problem.. For Your Safety General Safety Don’t make or receive handheld calls while Don’t use at gas driving. Keep your phone at Your phone may least 10 mm away produce a bright or from your ear or body flashing light.. Keep away from Avoid contact with pacemakers and other liquids. Keep your electronic medical phone dry. Turn off when asked to Do not take your phone in hospitals and apart. Turn off when told to in Only use approved aircrafts and airports.. power level, the actual SAR level of the device while operating can be well below the maximum value. This is because the phone is designed to operate at multiple power levels so as to use only the power required to reach the network. In general, the closer you are to a wireless base station antenna, the lower the power output.. SAR compliance for body-worn operation is based on a separation distance of 10 mm between the unit and the human body. Carry this device at least 10 mm away from your body to ensure RF exposure level compliant or lower to the reported level. To support body-worn operation, choose the belt clips or holsters that do not contain metallic components to maintain a separation of 10 mm between this device and your body.. and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.  Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.  Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.. been tested in accordance with the measurement methods and procedures specified in IEEE 1528 and IEC 62209. This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance of 1.0 cm between the radiator and your body. This device and its antenna(s) must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter.. may not be able to use a rated phone successfully. Trying out the phone with your hearing device is the best way to evaluate it for your personal needs. This phone has been tested and rated for use with hearing aids for some of the wireless technologies that it uses.. CTIA Requirements  Do not disassemble or crush, bend or deform, puncture or shred.  Do not modify or remanufacture, attempt to insert foreign objects into the battery, immerse or expose to water or other liquids, expose to fire, explosion or other hazard.  Improper battery use may result in a fire, explosion or other hazard.  The phone shall only be connected to CTIA certified adapters, products that bear the USB-IF logo or products that have completed the USB-IF compliance program. Distraction Driving Full attention must be given to driving at all times in order to reduce the risk of an accident.. measures designed to protect users and their environment.  Always treat your phone and its accessories with care and keep it in a clean and dust-free place.  Keep the screen and camera lens clean. Unclean screen or camera lens may slow down the phone's reaction to your operations or lower image quality..  Please check local regulations for disposal of electronic products.  Do not carry your phone in your back pocket as it could break when you sit down. Small Children Do not leave your phone and its accessories within the reach of small children or allow them to play with it.. Air Bags Do not place a phone in the area over an air bag or in the air bag deployment area as an airbag inflates with great force and serious injury could result. Store the phone safely before driving your vehicle. Seizures/Blackouts The phone can produce a bright or flashing light.. Emergency Calls This phone, like any wireless phone, operates using radio signals, which cannot guarantee connection in all conditions. Therefore, you must never rely solely on any wireless phone for emergency communications. Loud Noise This phone is capable of producing loud noises, which may damage your hearing.. Connection to a Car Seek professional advice when connecting a phone interface to the vehicle electrical system. Faulty and Damaged Products Do not attempt to disassemble the phone or its accessories. Only qualified personnel can service or repair the phone or its accessories.. Hearing Aids People with hearing aids or other cochlear implants may experience interfering noises when using wireless devices or when one is nearby. The level of interference will depend on the type of hearing device and the distance from the interference source. Increasing the separation between them may reduce the interference.. Interference in Cars Please note that because of possible interference with electronic equipment, some vehicle manufacturers forbid the use of mobile phones in their vehicles unless a hands-free kit with an external antenna is included in the installation. Explosive Environments Gas Stations and Explosive Atmospheres In locations with potentially explosive atmospheres, obey all posted signs to turn off wireless devices such as your phone or.... Steffiney May 15, 2017 09:40:. Why does this phone close so quickly .. By pressing 'print' button you will print only current page. To print the manual completely, please, download it.. Don't show me this message again.. Our app is now available on Google Play. Don't have an account? Sign up!. 
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.. You have no items in your shopping cart.. Phones More Products Support Blog Forum Store. Phones More Products Support Blog Forum Store. ZTE Grand X4 Smart Folio Case (Black). ZTE Grand X4 Smart Folio Case (Black). Protect your phone with style! The embedded smart sensor allows your Grand X4 to know when the case is open or closed, saving you time and battery life throughout the day. Quickly access incoming calls, notifications, and control your music player directly from the case window. Your Grand X4 fits securely in a durable polycarbonate frame, while the soft fabric liner keeps the screen safe from scratches.. -Access to all buttons and ports. Protect your phone with style! The embedded smart sensor allows your Grand X4 to know when the case is open or closed, saving you time and battery life throughout the day. Quickly access incoming calls, notifications, and control your music player directly from the case window. Your Grand X4 fits securely in a durable polycarbonate frame, while the soft fabric liner keeps the screen safe from scratches.. -Access to all buttons and ports. 0.17 pounds with package, 0.10 pounds without package. Perfect to fit my phone Review by Malina Douglas. I like this case, very useful. Please log in or register to give us a review.. Hotline Hours: Monday-Sunday 8am - 9pm (CST). If you have questions about how to use ZTE mobile devices or your device needs repair services, please contact our services hotline or email for more information.. Be the first to learn about our newest items, promotions and events.. © 1998 - 2017 ZTE Corporation and ZTE USA. 
110% Low Price Guarantee + 90-Day Returns. All of your information is secured and transmitted utilizing the highest level of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. ZTE Grand X4 - Phone Chargers. Alcatel Fierce 4 - TPU Case, Clear. Check Out Our Other Styles Below. ZTE Grand X4 -Car Charger USB Adapter, Black. ZTE Grand X4 -USB Type-C Car Charger, Black. Features the new industry standard, reversible USB Type-C connector. Advanced power smart detection that identifies the device’s maximum charging speeds. Smart IC chip technology prevents devices from overcharging, overheating and over current. LED indicator to ensure your device is properly connected for charging. ZTE Grand X4 -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. ZTE Grand X4 -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Rose Gold. ZTE Grand X4 -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Rose Gold. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. ZTE Grand X4 -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. ZTE Grand X4 -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Gold. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. ZTE Grand X4 -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Black. ZTE Grand X4 -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Space Gray. ZTE Grand X4 -Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. ZTE Grand X4 -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Black. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. ZTE Grand X4 -Original Samsung USB to Type-C Charge and Sync Cable, Black. Original Samsung Micro USB Charging Data Cable. Allows for data transfer between mobile device and PC or laptop. Can also be used as an external modem when phone is connected to computer (compatible devices w/compatible plans only). ZTE Grand X4 -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Hot Pink. ZTE Grand X4 -Original Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 2 AMP USB-Type-C Wall Charger and Cable Combo SA-EP-TA300CWEGUJ, White. Super fast recharge for your Samsung Galaxy. 2 Amp charging speed is faster than most wall chargers. Portable size makes it easy to take anywhere. ZTE Grand X4 -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Hot Pink. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. ZTE Grand X4 -Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Cable, Black. Type-C Reversible Charge & Sync Cable. Connect your device to a Mac or Windows PC. ZTE Grand X4 -USB Home/Travel Power Adapter (, 1000 mAh), White. ZTE Grand X4 -OEM HybridLight 3-in-1 Solar Powered Lantern Flashlight and Portable Charger with USB cable, Yellow. Works as a flashlight, lantern and power bank for your phone!. Great for use outdoors or indoors. Recharge from sunlight or from external power source via USB cable(iPhone please use existing cable). Stored power lasts up to 7 years. Fully charged lantern offers 8 hours of light. Fits comfortably in backpacks or bags. Charges smartphones, tablets, GoPro cameras, handheld gaming systems, MP3 players and more!. ZTE Grand X4 -Checkered Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Pink. ZTE Grand X4 -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Silver. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. ZTE Grand X4 -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Silver. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. ZTE Grand X4 -Charge & Sync Type-C Flat Cable Keychain, Hot Pink. ZTE Grand X4 -10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight, Gold. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. ZTE Grand X4 -3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter, Lime Green. ZTE Grand X4 -Charge & Sync Type-C Flat Cable Keychain, Black. ZTE Grand X4 -Original Samsung USB to Type-C Charge and Sync Cable, White. Original Samsung Micro USB Charging Data Cable. Allows for data transfer between mobile device and PC or laptop. Can also be used as an external modem when phone is connected to computer (compatible devices w/compatible plans only). ZTE Grand X4 -Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh), Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charge your device effortlessly and fast. Charges any USB compatible mobile devices. ZTE Grand X4 -Checkered Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Gold. ZTE Grand X4 -Universal Spare Battery Wall Charger, Black. Simple pin adjusters to match any battery. Adjustable bottom lip to fit all sizes. Foldable wall input for easy storage and travel. Sleek, unique design with charging indicator lights. Safe for all types of active phone batteries. ZTE Grand X4 -Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter, Black. The perfect accessory for staying powered up while on the go!. Charges both tablets & USB powered devices. ZTE Grand X4 -Cellet 15 Watt 3 Amp USB Type-C Heavy Duty Retractable Car Charger, Black. 15 watts / 3 amps output. Reversible USB Type-C hassle free design. Advanced power smart detection identifies device’s max charging speed and smart IC chip technology provides protection against overcharging, overheating and over current. ZTE Grand X4 -Checkered Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable, Black. ZTE Grand X4 -Charge & Sync Type-C Flat Cable Keychain, Blue. ZTE Grand X4 -4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank, Silver. Includes Micro USB Charging Cable to Charge Power Bank. Type-C and iPhone users please use existing phone cable. ZTE Grand X4 -Solar Powered 6000 T-Pocket Portable Phone Battery (5000 mAh), Silver. For use with a wide range of digital products. Up to 10 hours of charge time with full power. Equipped with four LED lights indicating the amount of power remaining. ZTE Grand X4 -Type-C Mini Phone Fan, Hot Pink. 
The [Manufacturer Device] is in your cart.. ZTE Grand X 4 Smartphone Support. Download ZTE Grand X4 Support Information. Android security & Google updates (Aug. Android security & HD Voice updates (Apr. Quick Start Guide ( English/Spanish ). User Guide ( English | Spanish ). Device Specifications ( English | Spanish ). Also, check out the ZTE Support page for more info.. Hearing Aid Compatibility and TTY and Wireless Telephones and Health. © Cricket Wireless LLC. 
ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 Cases and Accessories. Apple iPad Mini 1 / 2 / 3. Apple iPad 4th 3rd 2nd Generation. The ZTE Grand X 4 helps you do everything you need from a smartphone. With a fast quad-core processor, 4G LTE speeds and a large battery with quick charging technology. Its big, bright 5.5" HD screen and Dolby Audio makes consuming, reading and watching entertainment and media more enjoyable. It helps you take amazing photos with advanced photography settings. It keeps you in touch with your health, with a heart rate monitor and an app that helps you track your steps, your meals, and more. And, if that weren't enough, its fingerprint sensor knows you by touch and keeps all your information safe. Protect your new ZTE Grand X4 with a case from CellPhoneCases.com. We have hundreds of designs and colors to choose from, all at low prices. CellPhoneCases.com also has all the accessories you need to make your ZTE Grand X4 easy and fun to use. Shop our convenient online site for things like microSD memory cards, external battery banks, car chargers, travel chargers, Bluetooth headsets, Bluetooth car kits and USB data cables and much more. No one beats our selection and value!. 1 - 2 - 3 - 4. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - BOLT Case Cover Kickstand Holster Tempered Glass & Lanyard - Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - BOLT Case Cover Kickstand Holster Tempered Glass & Lanyard - Blue. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - BOLT Case Cover Kickstand Holster Tempered Glass & Lanyard - Camo Green. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - BOLT Case Cover Kickstand Holster Tempered Glass & Lanyard - Gold. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - BOLT Case Cover Kickstand Holster Tempered Glass & Lanyard - Gray/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - BOLT Case Cover Kickstand Holster Tempered Glass & Lanyard - Orange. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - BOLT Case Cover Kickstand Holster Tempered Glass & Lanyard - Red. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - BOLT Case Cover Kickstand Holster Tempered Glass & Lanyard - Red. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Black MyJacket Wallet Flip Case Cover. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Zizo ION Triple Layered Case Cover Tempered Glass - Gold/Clear. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Static Dual Layer Hybrid Case Cover Kickstand - Black/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Static Dual Layer Hybrid Case Cover Kickstand - Black/Orange. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Static Dual Layer Hybrid Case Cover Kickstand - Blue/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Static Dual Layer Hybrid Case Cover Kickstand - Gold/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Static Dual Layer Hybrid Case Cover Kickstand - Rose Gold/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hybrid Transformer Case Cover Stand in ZV Blister Packaging - Black/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hybrid Transformer Case Cover Stand in ZV Blister Packaging - Blue/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hybrid Transformer Case Cover Stand in ZV Blister Packaging - Gold/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hybrid Transformer Case Cover Stand in ZV Blister Packaging - Hot Pink/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hybrid Transformer Case Cover Stand in ZV Blister Packaging - Red/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hybrid Transformer Case Cover Stand in ZV Blister Packaging - Silver/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Full Covered 0.33mm Tempered Glass Screen Protector. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Tempered Glass Screen Protector with Rounded Edges 0.33mm. Executive Business Premium Cell Phone Pouch Holder Belt Loop Clip Holster Case Black for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Executive Business Premium Cell Phone Pouch Holder Belt Loop Clip Holster Case Black Gray for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Executive Business Premium Cell Phone Pouch Holder Belt Loop Clip Holster Case Vertical Black for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Executive Business Premium Cell Phone Pouch Holder Belt Loop Clip Holster Case Vertical Black for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Spring Flowers/Electric Pink TUFF Hybrid Case Cover [Military-Grade Certified]. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Heavy Duty Armor Case Belt Clip Holster - Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Colorful Feathers Design Wallet Flap Pouch Case. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Colorful Leaves Design Wallet Flap Pouch Case. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Flap Wallet Pouch With Credit Card Slots - Black/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Flap Wallet Pouch With Credit Card Slots - Blue Leather. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Flap Wallet Pouch With Credit Card Slots - Hot Pink/Purple. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Flap Wallet Pouch With Credit Card Slots - Pink Leather. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Owl Love Design Wallet Flap Pouch Case. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Glossy Transparent Clear Skin Case Cover. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Black ProWorx Heavy Duty Shock Absorption Armor Defender Holster Case Cover With Belt Clip. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Black ProWorx Wallet Case Luxury PU Leather Case Cover With Card Slots & Stand. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Black ProWorx Shock Absorption Case Bumper TPU & Anti-Scratch Clear Back Cover. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Clear ProWorx Shock Absorption Case Bumper TPU & Anti-Scratch Clear Back Cover. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Clear Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector Clear. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Clear Screen Protector Film PET 5-Pack Cover. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Black Leather Wallet Pouch Case Cover with Slots. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Silver. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Crystal Transparent TPU Case Cover - Dark Blue. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Crystal Transparent TPU Case Cover - Hot Pink. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Crystal Transparent TPU Case Cover - Purple. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Crystal Transparent TPU Case Cover - Red. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Crystal Transparent TPU Case Cover - Smoke. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Solid TPU Case - Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - PU Leather Bling Flip Wallet Case Slots - Antique Flower. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - PU Leather Bling Flip Wallet Case Slots - Tropical Roses Floral. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Flip Credit Card Case - Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Flip Credit Card Case - Dark Blue. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Flip Credit Card Case - Dark Purple. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Flip Credit Card Case - Hot Pink. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Flip Credit Card Case - Red. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Flip Credit Card Case - Teal. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Premium Blister Package Tempered Glass Edges not covered. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Slim Armor Brushed Metal Design Hybrid Case - Gold/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Slim Armor Brushed Metal Design Hybrid Case - Purple/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Slim Armor Brushed Metal Design Hybrid Case - Red/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Slim Armor Brushed Metal Design Hybrid Case - Rose Gold/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Slim Armor Brushed Metal Design Hybrid Case - Silver/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Slim Armor Brushed Metal Design Hybrid Case - Teal/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Slim Armor Brushed Metal Design Hybrid Case - Teal/Hot Pink. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Slim Armor Brushed Metal Design Hybrid Case - White/Hot Pink. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Slim Armor Brushed Metal Design Hybrid PC TPU - White/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hybrid Armor T Kickstand Case Cover - Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hybrid Armor T Kickstand Case Cover - Black+Dark Blue. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Clear Screen Protector Film Guard. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Dual Layer Hard Soft Case Cover Kickstand - Blue. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Dual Layer Hard Soft Case Cover Kickstand - Gray. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Dual Layer Hard Soft Case Cover Kickstand - Hot Pink. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Dual Layer Hard Soft Case Cover Kickstand - Neon Green. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Dual Layer Hybrid Turbo Hard Soft Case Cover Kickstand - Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - TPU Case Cover - Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - TPU Case Cover - Clear. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - TPU Case Cover - Hot Pink. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - TPU Case Cover - Purple. Cellet 15W / 3 Amp Rapid Charging CUBE Type C Home Wall Charger for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Cellet Black Universal Bluetooth Wireless Headset - Black for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Cellet Cell Phone Holder with DC Car Charger Plug and USB Charging Port for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Cellet Durable Windshield Mount Car Phone Holder - Black for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Cellet High Powered 3 Amp / 15 Watt Type-C USB Car Charger with Extra USB Port Rapid Charging for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Cellet Smartphone Car Air Vent Mount Phone Holder for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Cellet Super Fast Rapid Charging USB Car Charger with Quick Charge 3.0 Phones & Tablets - Black for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. One Microfiber Cleaning Cloth - Size 6 x 7 for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Transparent Clear Waterproof Underwater Phone Pouch Bag with Lanyard for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Universal Windshield Phone Holder 360 Rotating Car Mount for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Wireless Neckband Earbuds Bluetooth Headphones In-Ear Sport Gym Running Red for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Handlebar Bike Mount Phone Holder Motorcycle Bicycle for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Proworx Car Vent Mount Durable Phone Holder for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Tough Armor Style Case Holster Armor in ZV Blister Packaging - Army Green. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Tough Armor Style Case Holster Armor in ZV Blister Packaging - Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Tough Armor Style Case Holster Armor in ZV Blister Packaging - Blue/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Tough Armor Style Case Holster Armor in ZV Blister Packaging - Gold/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Tough Armor Style Case Holster Armor in ZV Blister Packaging - Gray/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Tough Armor Style Case Holster Armor in ZV Blister Packaging - Red/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Armor Hybrid Heavy Duty Cover with Kickstand - Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Armor Hybrid Heavy Duty Cover with Kickstand - Blue. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Armor Hybrid Heavy Duty Cover with Kickstand - Gray/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Armor Hybrid Heavy Duty Cover with Kickstand - Red/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - UCASE Dual Layer Hard Soft Case Kickstand - Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - UCASE Dual Layer Hard Soft Case Kickstand - Black/Blue. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - UCASE Dual Layer Hard Soft Case Kickstand - Black/Purple. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - UCASE Dual Layer Hard Soft Case Kickstand - Blue. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - UCASE Dual Layer Hard Soft Case Kickstand - Gray. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - UCASE Dual Layer Hard Soft Case Kickstand - Hot Pink. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - UCASE Dual Layer Hard Soft Case Kickstand - Purple. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 -- Metallic Hybrid Case Cover Credit Card Slot - Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 -- Metallic Hybrid Case Cover Credit Card Slot - Black Pink. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 -- Metallic Hybrid Case Cover Credit Card Slot - Black/Blue. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 -- Metallic Hybrid Case Cover Credit Card Slot - Black/Gold. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 -- Metallic Hybrid Case Cover Credit Card Slot - Rose Gold. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Rubberized Star Diamond Silicone Hybrid Case Cover in ZV Blister Packaging - Gold. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Rubberized Star Diamond Silicone Hybrid Case Cover in ZV Blister Packaging - Purple. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Clear LCD Screen Protector. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Flip Credit Card Case Premium Plastic Blister Package - Hot Pink. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Flip Credit Card Case Premium Plastic Blister Package - Red. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Flip Credit Card Case Premium Plastic Blister Package - Teal. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Bulk White Paper Card Package Tempered Glass Edges not covered. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Brushed Metal Design Hybrid Case - Gold/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Brushed Metal Design Hybrid Case - Hot Pink/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Brushed Metal Design Hybrid Case - Purple/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Brushed Metal Design Hybrid Case - Red/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Brushed Metal Design Hybrid Case - Silver/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Brushed Metal Design Hybrid Case - White/Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Brushed Metal Design Hybrid Case - White/Hot Pink. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hard Rubberized Design Case Cover Slim Dual layer Hybrid - America Civil Memorial Flag. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hard Rubberized Design Case Cover Slim Dual layer Hybrid - Camouflage Green. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hybrid Armor T Kickstand Case Cover Blister Package - Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hard Rubberized Design Case Cover Slim Dual layer Hybrid - Gold Violet Dots Mandala. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hybrid Brushed 3D Image Design Case - Bag of King. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hybrid Brushed 3D Image Design Case Cover - Lion. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hybrid Rugged Case Cover Stand - Black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Blue. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hybrid Brushed Armor Phone Case - Silver. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - TPU Crystal Skin Rubber Case - Clear. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Tempered Glass 0.33MM Screen Protector. Braided Type C USB-C Charging Cable 10FT Long Gold for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Braided Type C USB-C Charging Cable 10FT Long Silver for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Black Hybrid Heavy Duty Rugged Case Cover with Belt Clip Holster. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hybrid DEFENDER Armor Case With Holder Green. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Tpu Case Skin Frosted Cover Purple. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Baby Blue TPU Rubber Skin Case Cover. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Black TPU Rubber Skin Case Cover. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hot Pink TPU Rubber Skin Case Cover. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Mint Green TPU Rubber Skin Case Cover. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Purple TPU Rubber Skin Case Cover. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Case With Card Holder Dark Blue TPU Green. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Case With Card Holder Pink TPU Hot Pink. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Case With Card Holder Pink TPU White. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Case With Card Holder Purple TPU Purple. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Case With Card Holder Red TPU Blue. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Diamond Case Card Holder Gold. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Diamond Case Card Holder Light Blue. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Diamond Case Card Holder Purple. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Wallet Diamond Case Card Holder Silver. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Hybrid Armor Case With Stand Purple/black. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Tempered Glass Screen Protector (0.33mm 2.5d) - Clear. ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 - Black boundary Tempered Glass (Black Edged Tempered). Cellet Super Fast Rapid Charging USB Car Charger with Quick Charge 3.0 Phones & Tablets - White for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. ProWorx Multi-Angle Mini Portable Durable Aluminum Tablet Smartphone Stand for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Blue for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Clear for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Waterproof Smartphone Pouch Dry Bag ProWorx - Hot Pink for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Black for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Blue for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Gold for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Gray for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Hot Pink for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Lime Green for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Orange for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Red for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Rose Gold for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Silver for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Sky Blue for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Dual 2 Port PROWORX USB Car Charger 4.8 Amp/24W Fast Charging - Yellow for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Bluetooth Headset PROWORX Hands Free Wireless Earpiece Headphones with Microphone - Silver for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Universal Mini In-Ear Wireless Bluetooth 4.1 Headset Mono Headphone for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Dual USB Super Fast Car Charger (Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Technology) Black for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Dual USB Super Fast Car Charger (Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Technology) White for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Black Posh Genuine Real Leather Premium Luxury MyJacket Wallet Case with Strap for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Blue for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Green for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Orange for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Pink for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Cellet Prism RapidCharge 12W 2.4A Dual USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Yellow for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Black Crocodile Genuine Real Leather MyJacket Wallet Case Flap Phone Pouch for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Cellet 3.1A Dual USB Port Car Charger with Extended 5ft Cable Cable for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Cellet 5V / 25Watt (5.1Amp) 4-Port Fast Rapid Charge USB Desktop Charging Station Travel Wall Charger - Black for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Cellet Car Charger with 4 USB Ports/2.4amp for Front & Backseat Black for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. Cellet Car Charger with 4 USB Ports/2.4amp for Front & Backseat White for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. CyonGear High Power 10W / 2.1A Dual USB Fast Car Charger for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. RUIZ by Cellet High Powered 2.1A (10W) USB Home Wall Charger - Black for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. RUIZ by Cellet High Powered 2.1A (10W) USB Home Wall Charger - White for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. RUIZ by Cellet 2.1A (10W) USB Fast Charging Car Charger - Black / Gray for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956. 1 - 2 - 3 - 4. CellPhoneCases.com 20555 Devonshire St Unit 233 Chatsworth, CA 91311. 
Sign in or Create an account. UNLOCK ALCATEL VERSO U5 FROM CRICKET NETWORK. UNLOCK LENOVO MOTO TAB FROM AT&T NETWORK. AT&T HUAWEI MATE 10 PRO UNLOCK CODE. UNLOCK HUAWEI MATE 10 L09 FROM AT&T NETWORK. Home Cricket Unlock Code CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Unlock Code. Home Cricket Unlock Code Cricket ZTE Unlock Code CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Unlock Code. CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Unlock Code. CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 Unlock Code. What Are The Perks Of An Unlocked CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956?. How Do I Get My CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 Unlock Code?. A Guide to Unlocking the CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956. Turn off the CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956. Insert a new SIM card (unsupported carrier). Turn on the CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 phone. The CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 will ask you for a Network Unlock PIN. Enter the CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 unlock code. Voila! Your CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 has been unlocked.. Sometimes, you are going to need to unlock your CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956. This may be when going out of the country with CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 or switching carriers. Well, you can get it unlocked for a low price and incredibly fast. We provide you with an CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 unlock code for just $14.99 .. Sure, this might seem unbelievable, but its true! Our hassle-free process for unlocking the CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 will have you amazed. In fact, you can unlock CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 on your own in a few easy steps. It will be over before you know it.. We will send you an CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 unlock code within given time frame after you order one from us. There isn’t anything illegal here either: we get our CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 unlock codes directly from the CRICKET user database.. When you look to us for your CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 unlock code, you can be 99.99% sure that we will unlock your CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 phone. Our guarantee includes a promise of safe CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 unlocking service and respectful, professional treatment. It doesn’t matter if you have an unclean or blacklisted IMEI, unpaid bills, or if you have tried to unlock CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 too many times. Our solution works 100% without any issue.. The biggest and most awesome one is usability. With an unlocked CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956, you get to travel anywhere in the world and use any SIM card from any carrier, domestic or international, without issues and without having to pay ridiculous roaming rates.. You also don’t have to worry about locking your CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 ever again. The CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 unlock process is a one-time thing, so you won’t lose the unlocked version of your CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 device even if you perform a hard reset.. Added value to your resale price is also a bonus if you plan on selling CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 phone later. There is a high demand for unlocked CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 phones. This means you can sell your CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 for a far higher price when unlocked.. Provide us with your CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 IMEI number by dialing *#06# on your dialer and recording the number that pops up. That’s all you need to do on your end for unlocking CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956!. There are 5 easy steps to follow once we send you the CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 unlock code.. If you really need to enjoy the numerous benefits of an unlocked CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956, feel free to place your order for CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 unlock code with us for safe, efficient and fast unlocking of your CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Z956 mobile phone.. Cricket Unlock Code Cricket ZTE Unlock Code. How do you rate this product?. Write a headline for your review here:. This product hasn't received any reviews yet. Be the first to review this product!. Click the button below to add the CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Unlock Code to your wish list.. Cricket ZTE Grand X Max 2 Unlock Code. Cricket ZTE Grand X Max Plus Unlock Code. Cricket ZTE Grand X Unlock Code. Cricket ZTE Grand X Max Unlock Code. Cricket ZTE Grand X 3 Unlock Code. CRICKET ZTE Grand X4 Unlock Code. Thank you.the Unlock Code for AT&T Microsoft Lumia 640 XL works. Got the AT&T LG G4 H810 Unlock Code within few hours. AT&T Nokia Lumia 1520 Unlock Code worked like a charm ! i will use service again. Thanks to your team for providing me AT&T SIM Network Unlock PIN for my phone.. All prices are in USD .. 
Sign In · Register. It looks like you're new here. If you want to get involved, click one of these buttons!. Forums Recent Discussions. Activity Best Of... 6.9K Forums 8.1K Products. 1 Bigger, Bolder, Better Than Ever - The Blade Z MAX. 5 BLADE Z MAX vs. Joined on: December 9, 2016. sshasan AmyXie petershih Aerospaceman ironbaybeedoll fzrrich musicdjm zeek!. Z-Community › Other Products › Grand X [Series]. ZTE Grand X4 - Will it get the Nougat update?. Posts: 3 ✭. The title is pretty self explanatory, but will it? I know the Axon 7 is, but, I really like what Google has done with Android. 0 · Share on Google+. California Posts: 2,087 ✭✭✭✭✭✭✭. I don't think ZTE have promised Nougat update for most of it's phones besides the Axon 7 at the moment since it's their main focus. I guess we will have to wait and see if ZTE will announce anything relating to Nougat for any of it's other phones.. 0 · Share on Google+. Worcester,MA CFA › Posts: 3,012 mod. ​ the Grand X4 is a carrier device so whether the devices get an update depends on the carrier, with Crickets previous track record in mind I would imagine if It was to get an update it would likely be many months from now if at all.. 0 · Share on Google+. From what I understand, the nougat update is for the Axon 7 only. But it will also be available for other ZTE phones and will enhance some features of the smartphones. 0 · Share on Google+. Tenaha, Texas Posts: 1 ✭✭. How about now, has anyone got the Nougat upgrade for the ZTE grand X4 yet.? Is there anyway of getting it?. 0 · Share on Google+. Tallahassee FL Posts: 1,078 ✭✭✭✭✭✭✭✭. If you install a custom rom I am sure you could get it. I am not sure what the developer community looks like for the Grand X4 though.. 0 · Share on Google+. Posts: 1 ✭✭. I need root for zte grand x4 model z957. 0 · Share on Google+. Phoenix, AZ Posts: 15,877 ✭✭✭✭✭✭✭✭. You guys looking for root or Nougat on the Grand X4 shouldn't waste time hoping. 0 · Share on Google+. Sign In or Register to comment.. Hey! You will be signed out in 60 seconds due to inactivity.. Click here to continue using the site.. © 1998 - 2017 ZTE Corporation and ZTE USA. 
The next video is starting stop. ZTE Grand x4 Full Review Cricket Wireless, Speaker, Volume, Music, Mic Test. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. ZTE Grand x4 Full Review Cricket Wireless, Speaker, Volume, Music, Mic Test givetad.com/magictechreview *********************** http://www.youtube.com/c/magictechrev... Donate to my son directly thru here! https://www.patreon.com/user?u=975260... Follow me on twitter https://twitter.com/magic_tech_rev Follow Me on instagram https://www.instagram.com/p/BAE01f5Tf... Magic Network Website http://magictechreview.simdif.com Hi this is John from Magic Tech Review! Just a father trying to help his mute autistic son little john. Where I do magic tricks, cell phone, tablet, mobile unboxings, reviews, gadgets, iphone, android tech and cellphone reviews on metropcs tmobile at&t and sprint verizon and many more. I am also a gamer at heart so I play mobile and emulator games. So stay tuned for more videos I wanna share with the world my take on things! Also check out my Magic Network featured channels which help me in my cause to help my mute autistic son as well! Unboxing Cricket Wireless, Metropcs, Boost Mobile and all prepaid service For Business Inquiry such as reviews of your products or games or for sponsors please email me @ john.frank123x@gmail.com or skype me magictechreview To Leave a Tip please use this service https://streamtip.com/y/magictechreviews Sponsored By RockBottomCases.com Foolow this link to get awesome deals on cases use code MTR at checkout for 10% off any purchase over $10 https://rock-bottom-cases.myshopify.com/ Magic Tech Review Official Website click here to learn more about MTR www.magictechreview.com Subscribe To My Gaming Channel MTR GAMES!!! CLICK LINK BELOW https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMqC.... When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. ZTE Grand X4 Vs LG Stylo 2 Cricket Wireless, Camera, Screen, You Decide #LifeIsGood or #ZTE4Life. Hidden Features of the ZTE Grand X4 You Don't Know About | H2TechVideos. ZTE Grand X 4 - My Full Review - Worth $109?. ZTE Grand X 4 Hidden Features 🔎 Cricket Wireless, Secret Gallery, Battery Saver, Mi Pop, Gif Maker. ZTE Grand X 4 review - it's only $100. ZTE Grand X4 Tips and Tricks, Cricket Wireless, Make Phone Faster, sound and aux output increase,. What's On My ZTE Grand X4! (2016). ZTE Grand X4 Cricket Wireless - Overview, Dolby Sound, Inserting the MICRO SD, & More. iPhone 6S Plus vs ZTE Grand X Max 2. The Best Budget Phone You Don't Know About! ($130). Should You UpGrade To ZTE Blade X Max vs ZTE Zmax Pro vs ZTE Grand X Max 2 Cricket Wireless IMHO. Zte Grand X4 Fingerprint Sensor and Heart Rate Monitor Tips and Tricks Cricket Wireless ♥👍. Cricket Wireless ZTE Grand X 4 Vs LG X Power Vs Alcatel idol 3, review of Specs, Features, battery. ZTE Grand X Max 2 Final Review and Warning Cricket Wireless. ZTE GRAND X 4 UNBOXING AND REVIEW 1080p CAMERA CRICKET WIRELESS MTR First Look!. ZTE Grand X4, Cricket Wireless - Overview, Ist Impressions, Micro SD, & Weekend Sale. Cricket Wireless LG Fortune Master Reset Factory Data Wipe Hard Reset Hardware Keys (How To). I Switched From Cricket Wireless To Straight Talk \(-ㅂ-)/. ZTE Axon 7 Review: The phone which broke our music test.... Cricket Wireless Alcatel Idol 4 VS ZTE Grand X Max 2, Phone Comparison, Phone Specs. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order. Cell Phones Shop Phones by Operating System Android. Cricket Wireless ZTE Grand X4 16GB Prepaid Smartphone, Gray. Average rating: 4 out of 5 stars, based on 9 reviews 9 reviews ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. 802.11 b/g/n WiFi Vivid 5.5" touchscreen 1280 x 720 display 13MP rear with LED flash and 5MP front camera. Tell us if something is incorrect. Sold & shipped by Walmart. Ship to 94066 See shipping options. San Leandro, 1919 Davis St. Available Wed, Feb 28 See more stores. Cover drops, spills & cracked screens with a Care Plan. Protect your purchase with a care plan. Cover drops, spills, cracked screens, and more. Plus, get set up and connected with access to 30 days of Soluto Premium Tech Help. Add 2-Year Mobile Phone Protection $ 12. Ship to 94066 See shipping options. San Leandro, 1919 Davis St. Available Wed, Feb 28 See more stores. Tell us if something is incorrect. 802.11 b/g/n WiFi Vivid 5.5" touchscreen 1280 x 720 display 13MP rear with LED flash and 5MP front camera. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Average rating: 4 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. relevancy helpful submission-desc submission-asc rating-desc rating-asc. Great pictures but not enough internal memory. Average rating: 3 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. This phone at first look is really nice. It has a 13mp rear facing camera which takes awesome pix. I've looked around and most phone I've seen at this price range the highest they get is 8mp at best. The front facing camera is the average 5mp. The finger print recognition device is pretty cool. WiFi is great, no problems with that. The reason I give it a 3 star rating and I wouldn't recommend is because of the internal memory available for your use. It has a total of 16gb but available for user is only an 8.35gb. That blows! My old phone that was also a 16gb left the user close to 12gb available for personal use. So then I figure I must be storing my pix and music in the internal memory instead of on my SD card. When I go to try to move the files to my SD card it won't allow me. I have to hook it up to my computer to do the changes and it's not easy or practical. Then I try to move some apps to my SD card, because so many of my other older phones have allowed me to do this, but that is also not doable. Over all I wouldn't recommend it unless your new to phones and don't download anything because nothing saves to the sd card unless you connect it to the computer.. Yes (46) No (8) Report. Average rating: 5 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. Charge lasts about twice as long as previous phones. This was the forth one of these bought for the family. The only "weak" spot is the phone mic could be a little better. Others may ask you to speak up now and then.. Yes (9) No (3) Report. 1-5 of 9 reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-156660722, DC-prod-dal1, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. LG K10 (2018) Samsung Galaxy S9 Elephone S8 HTC U11 Eyes Honor 9 Lite. Samsung Galaxy S9 OnePlus 5T Huawei Mate 10 Google Pixel 2 OnePlus 5. Buy and sell gently used phones. Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9+ are Official: Specifications, Features, Prices, and Availability. LineageOS 15.1 Feature List Overview with Screenshots and Video. LineageOS 15.1 based on Android 8.1 Oreo has been officially announced. The Best Weather App is on Sale, Get Today Weather for $2.49. Exclusive: the Xiaomi Mi Max 3 is coming with Wireless Charging and Possibly an Iris Scanner. The ZTE Grand X4 was first made available for purchase in September 2016. It features a 5.5” 720P IPS LCD display, which offers a pixel density of ~267 PPI. Under the hood we find a Qualcomm Snapdragon 425 SoC, which utilises a 1.4 GHz quad-core CPU, an Adreno 308 GPU and 2 GB of system storage. A microSD card slot is included, allowing further expansion of the 16 GB of internal storage. The primary camera is capable of capturing images at 13 MP, the secondary at 5 MP. The whole 162g package is powered by a non-removable 3140mAh battery. Here members are free to request general support for their device, or browse the existing threads available for the ZTE Grand X4, which may include topics such as ROM development, custom recoveries and rooting guides.. ZTE Grand X 4 - Rooting Progress. 18th February 2018 05:21 AM. ZTE Grand X 4 Adoptable Storage. 6th January 2018 11:33 PM. 30th November 2017 12:49 AM. ---- XDA 2013 Beta - 1024. XDA Developers was founded by developers, for developers. It is now a valuable resource for people who want to make the most of their mobile devices, from customizing the look and feel to adding new functionality. Are you a developer? | Terms of Service. 
The next video is starting stop. ZTE Grand X 4 - First Impressions - I can't believe this was only $79.99!. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. This is my first impressions of the ZTE Grand X4 on Cricket Wireless. So far I must say that this phone is easily worth the $79.99 that I paid for it!. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. ZTE Grand X 4 - My Full Review - Worth $109?. ZTE Grand X4 - Tips and Tricks H2TechVideos. iPhone 6S Plus vs ZTE Grand X Max 2. ZTE Grand X 4 Hidden Features 🔎 Cricket Wireless, Secret Gallery, Battery Saver, Mi Pop, Gif Maker. 72 hour review of the ZTE Grand X 4!!!!. ZTE Grand X4 Vs LG Stylo 2 Cricket Wireless, Camera, Screen, You Decide #LifeIsGood or #ZTE4Life. A message to all ZTE Owners. ZTE Grand X Max 2 Review. ZTE Grand X 4 Features and Specs - Phone Flash | Cricket Wireless. ZTE Grand X 4 review - it's only $100. ZTE Grand X 4 first review!!!!!!!. What's On My ZTE Grand X4! (2016). ZTE Grand X 4 Vs ZTE Grand X 3 Cricket Wireless, Phone Comparison, Specs, Design, Camera, Speaker. ZTE Grand X 4 Quick Unboxing and Overview. Hidden Features of the ZTE Grand X4 You Don't Know About | H2TechVideos. ZTE Grand X4 Tips and Tricks, Cricket Wireless, Make Phone Faster, sound and aux output increase,. ZTE Grand X4 [Aegis series] Covrware unboxing!!!!!. ZTE Blade X Max - My Full Review - That screen though.... Xiaomi Redmi 5 Plus - Full Review - A definite winner for under $200!. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Don't have an account? Sign up. Zte Grand X4 SoundFusion 3.5mm Stereo Headset, White. Zte Grand X4 2-in-1 Touchscreen Stylus & Ballpoint Pen w/Clip. Zte Grand X4 Mobovida Re-usable Stick-on Screen Cleaner. Zte Grand X4 Bow clutch wallet with hideaway wristlet. Zte Grand X4 Genuine Leather Embossed Flower Design Clutch. Zte Grand X4 Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Cable. Zte Grand X4 Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Zte Grand X4 Original Samsung 2Amp OEM Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable, White. Zte Grand X4 Snake Print Design Crossbody Shoulder Bag. Zte Grand X4 Metal Heavy Duty Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Cable. Zte Grand X4 Slim Suede Leather Clutch Wallet. Zte Grand X4 Luxmo Horizontal Marble Leather Carrying Case with Belt Clip, Black. Zte Grand X4 C300 In-Ear Sports Wireless Bluetooth Headphones with mic and volume controls. Zte Grand X4 Luxmo Charging Bundle - Includes Car & Home Charger Adapters, Lightning Cable & Headphones. Zte Grand X4 21-Pin 2 Amp Car Charger, Black. Zte Grand X4 USB Type-C Car Charger, Black. Zte Grand X4 Original Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 2 AMP Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable Combo EP-TA20JWE, White. Zte Grand X4 Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable. Zte Grand X4 Windshield Car Holder, Black. Zte Grand X4 Cellet Universal 3.5mm Boom Mic Headset. Zte Grand X4 Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter. Zte Grand X4 Genuine Leather Hand-Crafted Snake-Skin Double Zipper Clutch Wallet. Zte Grand X4 LUXMO EXEC Series Hand-Crafted Horizontal Leather Case with Belt Clip, Black. Zte Grand X4 Xtreme Bass High Def Tangle-Free 3.5mm Stereo Headset w/Microphone, Black/Black. Zte Grand X4 Smooth Vegan Leather Crossbody Shoulder Bag. Zte Grand X4 Two Toned Designer style Clutch wallet. Zte Grand X4 OEM Home/Travel (ETA-U90JWE), Black. Zte Grand X4 USB Home Charger, Black. Zte Grand X4 Car Charger USB Adapter, Black. Zte Grand X4 Universal Metal Cylinder Power Bank/Portable Phone Charger (2600 mAh) with cable. Zte Grand X4 Soft-touch Suede Double Zipper Clutch. Zte Grand X4 Window Car Holder, Black. Zte Grand X4 OEM Apple EarPods w/Remote & Mic. Zte Grand X4 Xtreme Bass High Def Tangle-Free 3.5mm Stereo Headset w/Microphone, Red/Black. Zte Grand X4 3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter. Zte Grand X4 Premium Leather Vertical Pouch with card slots and rotating belt clip, Black. Zte Grand X4 4,500 mAh Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight. Zte Grand X4 Micro 5 ft 0.6A 600 mAh USB Car Charger, Black. Zte Grand X4 Soft Leather Crossbody Shoulder Bag. Zte Grand X4 Full Screen View Wristlet with Complete Touch Control. Zte Grand X4 Genuine Leather Hand-Crafted Alligator Clutch Wallet with Tassel. Zte Grand X4 15 Watt 3Ft 3 Amp USB Type-C Heavy Duty Home Travel Charger, Black. Zte Grand X4 USB Home/Travel Power Adapter (, 1000 mAh), White. 
Hi! Get more out of Walmart.com. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup See All Departments. Reorder Items Pickup Today Track Order Your Account Your Local Store Store Finder. Shop Electronics Smart Home Wearable Tech Cameras & Camcorders Walmart for Business Video Games. Shop all TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Shop all Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. Shop all iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Shop all Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics GPS & Navigation. Shop all Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Shop all Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Star Wars Marvel: Avengers Musical Instruments Computer Software. Shop all Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Shop all Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Shop all Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop all Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop all Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Shop all Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Shop all Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Shop All Home Improvement Bathroom Renovations Kitchen Renovations Water Purification Generators Garage & Storage. Shop all Air Quality Dehumidifiers Humidifiers. Shop all Tools Power Tools Hand Tools. Shop all Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Shop all Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Shop all Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Shop all Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Shop all Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Shop All Clothing Intimates & Sleepwear All Shoes Boys' Girls' Swim Shop Spring Fashion Activewear Shop School Uniforms Precious Metals Bags & Accessories Luggage Sleepwear Shop Premium Beauty Fashion Brands Clearance & More. Shop all Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Shop all Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Shop all Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Shop all Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Shop All Baby Baby Deals Parent's Choice Britax Premium Brands Restock Shop Baby Registry Baby Box Strollers Car Seats Baby & Toddler Clothing. Shop all Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Shop all Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Shop all Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Shop all Toddler Room Furniture Bedding. Shop all Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Shop all Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Savings Musical Instruments Boys' Toys Girls' Toys Xbox One X Retro Gaming. Shop all Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Shop all Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop all Outdoor Play Swing Sets Trampolines. Shop all Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Shop all Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Restock Shop Fresh Flowers Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes Grocery Pickup & Delivery. Shop all Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Shop all Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Shop all Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Shop all Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Shop all Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Shop all Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Shop all Personal Care Feminine Care Incontinence. Shop all Shave Electric Shavers Razors. Shop all Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Shop all Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Shop all Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Shop all Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Shop all Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Shop all Pharmacy Refill Prescriptions Transfer Prescriptions. Shop All Sports Outdoor Sports Emergency Prep Ozark Trail Hunting Trampolines Game Room Basketball Sports Fanshop. Shop all Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Shop all Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Shop all Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Shop all Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Shop all Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Shop all Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Shop all Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Shop all Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Shop All Auto Tires Batteries & Accessories Diagnostic Tools Auto Paint & Accessories Auto Interior Auto Exterior Windshield Wipers Motorcycles & ATVs RV Parts & Accessories Auto Detailing & Car Care Auto Services. Shop all Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Shop all Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Shop all Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Shop all Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Shop all Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Shop all Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Shop all Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Shop all Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Shop all Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Shop all Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Craft Tips & Ideas Costumes & Dress Up Party Ideas & Recipes Christmas Decor Savings Birthday Shop Wedding Shop Valentine's Day Plush. Shop all Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Shop all Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Shop all Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. Stretch your tax refund FREE Grocery Pickup Electronics & Office Movies, Music & Books Home, Furniture & Appliances Home Improvement & Patio Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry Baby & Toddler Toys & Video Games Food, Household & Pets Pharmacy, Health & Beauty Sports, Fitness & Outdoors Auto & Tires Photo & Personalized Shop Sewing, Crafts & Party Supplies See All Departments. Baby Registry Wedding Registry Classroom Supplies. TV & Video TVs DVD & Blu-ray Players Home Audio & Theater TV Accessories. Cell Phones Straight Talk Phones Unlocked Phones Contract Phones No-Contract Phones Prepaid Minutes & Data Cases & Accessories. iPad & Tablets iPad Windows Tablets Android Tablets Accessories. Computers Laptops Desktops PC Gaming Printers & Supplies Networking Software Monitors Accessories. Portable Audio iPod & MP3 Players Headphones Speakers & Docks. Office Supplies Office Electronics School Supplies. Movies & TV 2-Day Shipping Action & Adventure Blu-ray Discs Boxed Sets Children & Family Instawatch Movie DVDs New Releases Preorders TV Shows. Music 2-Day Shipping Music Gift Cards Country Music Soundtracks Vinyl New Releases Pop R&B / Soul Rock Top 100 CDs. Books Deals in books Preorders New Releases Biographies & Memoirs Children's Books Christian Books & Bibles Cookbooks, Food & Wine Comics & Graphic Novels Crafts & Hobbies Humor Literature & Fiction Health and Wellness Teen & Young Adult. Shop By Room Living Room Bedroom Bathroom Dining Room Kitchen Kids' Room Teens' Room Patio Entryway Office. Shop By Category Appliances Bath Bedding Furniture Home Decor Kids’ Bedding Kids’ Furniture Kitchen & Dining Lighting Mattresses Patio & Garden Rugs Storage & Organization Vacuums & Floor Care Window Coverings. Brand Shops KitchenAid Better Homes and Gardens The Pioneer Woman Mainstays. Specialty Shops Home Gift Guide Back to College Shop by Style. Industrial & Scientific Janitorial & Sanitation Supplies Food Service Equipment. Heating & Cooling Heaters Fireplaces Stoves. Paint Interior & Exterior Paint Ladders. Patio & Garden Patio Furniture Patio & Outdoor Decor Sheds & Outdoor Storage Outdoor Shade Grills & Outdoor Cooking Outdoor Heating Swimming Pools Hot Tubs & Saunas. Garden Center Outdoor Power Equipment Landscaping Pots & Planters. Women's Women's Plus Juniors' Maternity Women's Shoes. Jewelry Wedding & Engagement Watches Fine Jewelry Fashion Jewelry Personalized Jewelry. Men's Men's Big & Tall Young Men's Men's Shoes Men's Jewelry. Baby & Toddlers' Baby Girl Baby Boy Toddler Girl Toddler Boy Baby & Kids' Shoes. Diapering & Potty Diapers Wipes Diaper Bags. Feeding Breast Feeding Bottle Feeding Baby Formula Baby Food Toddler Feeding Bibs & Burp Cloths. Nursery & Décor Cribs Furniture Bedding Décor. Play & Travel Gear Playstations & Walkers Playards Swings Carriers & Wraps Baby & Toddler Toys. Health & Safety Bath Baby Gates Baby Monitors Baby Care. Toys Action Figures Dolls & Dollhouses Cars, Drones & RC LEGO & Building Sets Pretend Play Arts & Crafts Electronics for Kids Learning Toys Nerf & Blasters Stuffed Animals & Plush Games & Puzzles. Bikes & Ride-Ons Kids' Bikes Ride-On Toys Hoverboards. Shop by Age Preschool 5-7 8-11 12+. Video Games Virtual Reality New Releases PlayStation 4 Xbox One Nintendo Switch Accessories Digital Gaming Nintendo 3DS / 2DS Nintendo Wii U / Wii PlayStation VR Preorders Used Games. Shop All Food Coffee Beverages Snacks & Cookies Breakfast & Cereal Meals Condiments Pasta Candy & Gum Soups Canned Goods Emergency Food Baking Center International Food. Household Essentials Laundry Room Kitchen Bathroom Paper & Plastic Cleaning Supplies Air Fresheners Batteries Pest Control As Seen On TV Light Bulbs. Meal Kits & Specialty Food Boxes. Shop All Pets Cats Dogs Fish Small Animals Birds Equine Reptiles. Clearance & Rollbacks Food Household Essentials Pets. Beauty Makeup Skin Care Fragrances Beauty Tools Hair Care Premium Beauty. Brands We Love Flower Culturelle OralB Braun ReliOn. Oral Care Electric Toothbrushes Water Flossers. Bath & Body Lotions Body Wash. Vision Center Prescription Eyewear Contact Lenses. Health Medicine Cabinet Cold, Cough and Flu Digestive Health Home Health Care Diabetes Management. Wellness Supplements Protein & Fitness Weight Management Aromatherapy. Camping Tents Airbeds Canopies & Shelters. Fishing Rod & Reel Combos. Boats & Water Sports Canoes, Kayaks & Boats. Recreation Bikes Lawn Games Air Soft Air Guns Golf. Team Sports Baseball & Softball Football. Exercise & Fitness Boxing Mixed Martial Arts. Exercise Machines Treadmills Bikes Ellipticals Home Gyms. Strength and Weight Training Fitness Accessories Ab & Core Toners. Oils & Fluids Motor Oil Antifreeze & Coolants Transmission, Brake, & Steering Fluids. Automotive Tools & Equipment Car Battery Chargers & Accessories. Auto Electronics Car DVD & Video Car Stereos Car Speakers & Subwoofers Power Inverters Dash Cams. Auto Body Repair Auto Repair Tools. Auto Replacement Parts Oil Filters Engine Air Filters Spark Plugs Brake Parts. Photo Center Available Same Day Blankets Calendars Canvas & Wall Art Cards & Invitations Home Decor & Gifts Jewelry & Clothing Mugs Office Phone Cases Photo Books Pillows Posters Prints. Personalized Shop Easter Rollbacks & Clearance Wedding Invitations Wedding Sweepstakes Graduation Home Decor Clothing & Accessories Bedding & Bath Kitchen & Dining Kids Character Shop. Personalized Jewelry Rings Necklaces Class Rings. Gift Cards Mail a Gift Card Email a Gift Card Specialty Gift Cards Check Card Balances Corporate Gift Card Program. Gift Registry Baby Registry Wedding Registry Lists. Arts, Crafts & Sewing Art & Drawing Supplies Beading & Jewelry Crafting Die Cutting Machines Sewing Fabric Scrapbooking Supplies Artificial Plants & Flowers Knitting & Crochet Yarn Craft Furniture & Storage. Party & Occasions Baking & Pastry Supplies Balloons Cards & Invitations Disposable Tableware Giftwrap & Supplies Party Decorations Party Favors Pinatas. Party Themes Themed Party Sets Anniversary Baby Shower Halloween Christmas Decor. All Departments Auto & Tires Baby Beauty Books Cell Phones Clothing Electronics Food. Gifts & Registry Health Home Home Improvement Household Essentials Jewelry Movies Music Office. Party & Occasions Patio & Garden Pets Pharmacy Photo Center Sports & Outdoors Toys Video Games. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. FREE Grocery Pickup FREE 2-Day Shipping Shop smart with our app Get your flu shot today Stretch your tax refund. Pickup Today Grocery Pickup Weekly Ads Credit Card Track Order Help. Cell Phones Accessories Cases & Protectors. ZTE Grand X4 Case, Zizo [Bolt Series] w/ [ZTE Grand X4 Screen Protector] Kickstand [12 ft. Military Grade Drop Tested] Holster Belt Clip - Blade Spark. Average rating: 3 out of 5 stars, based on 1 reviews 1 reviews ratings. This button opens a dialog that displays additional images for this product with the option to zoom in or out.. -Protection: The Zizo [Bolt Series] meets 12 Feet Military Grade Drop Test 810.1-G Certification. Certified to protect your phone -Versatility: With up to 10 color variations to choose from, the Zizo Bolt Cover provides the perfect platform to express your style -Endless Possibilities: Equipped with a built-in kickstand, you can now enjoy your phone hands free. Tell us if something is incorrect. choose_an_option actual_color-black/black actual_color-black/red actual_color-blue/black actual_color-deserttan/camogreen actual_color-gold/black actual_color-gray/black actual_color-orange/black actual_color-red/black. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. Tell us if something is incorrect. -Protection: The Zizo [Bolt Series] meets 12 Feet Military Grade Drop Test 810.1-G Certification. Certified to protect your phone -Versatility: With up to 10 color variations to choose from, the Zizo Bolt Cover provides the perfect platform to express your style -Endless Possibilities: Equipped with a built-in kickstand, you can now enjoy your phone hands free. Get specific details about this product from customers who own it.. Average rating: 3 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. relevancy helpful submission-desc submission-asc rating-desc rating-asc. Problem with Case Volume and Power Buttons. Average rating: 3 out of 5 stars, based on reviews. Installaton of the screen protector went well by cleaning the phone screen with a eye glass cleaner and dry with terry cloth. After installing the case, my phone functioned strangely, powered off, then would only show the ZTE screen. I corrected this by stretching the Volume up/down and Power buttons that are part of the Zizo case. To prevent damage to case buttons, I used the blunt end of a tooth brush for the stretch. With case installed, the Volume and Power buttons work now.. Yes (0) No (0) Report. 1-1 of 1 reviews. See any care plans, options and policies that may be associated with this product.. Electrode, Comp-167300582, DC-prod-dal2, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-21.17.3-rc-1, SHA-c37438843926f3cccffc1b3ed5e62a5a7012bec8, CID-. Help Feedback MoneyCenter Privacy & Security CA Privacy Rights Terms of Use. See All Services Walmart MoneyCenter Walmart Credit Card Product Care Plans Walmart Pay. About Walmart.com Corporate Suppliers Sell on Walmart.com Careers @WalmartLabs The Walmart Digital Museum. Terms of Use About Our Ads Affiliate Program CA Privacy Rights Privacy & Security. Returns Policy Product Recalls Int’l Customers Tax Exempt Program Contact Us Feedback Store Pickup. Electronics Toys Video Games Home Products Clothing Sports & Outdoors Baby Products. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of over 2,000 results for "zte grand x 4". Did you mean: zte grand x4. Zte Grand X4 Unlocked 4G LTE Fingerprint Reader 5.5 inch 13mp Flash 16GB Quad Core Unlocked Z956 Desbloqueado. Only 9 left in stock - order soon.. $110.00 (4 used &amp new offers). 4G LTE Unlocked Any GSM Carrier Desbloqueados GSM (Not Verizon Sprint .... ZTE Grand X4 Case, ZTE Blade Spark Case, ZTE Grand X 4 Case, BENTOBEN 2 in 1 Sparkly Glitter Slim Hybrid Hard Cover Shockproof Protective Case for ZTE Grand X4 / ZTE Blade Spark / ZTE Z956, Rose Gold. Product Features Compatible with ZTE Grand X4/ Z956, Not compatible with other model Phone.. ZTE Grand X4 Case, ZTE Blade Spark Case, ZTE Grand X 4 Case, NageBee Design Premium [Heavy Duty] Defender [Dual Layer] Protector Hybrid Case For ZTE Grand X4 / ZTE Blade Spark (Black). Product Description Compatible with ZTE Grand X4 / ZTE Blade Spark.. [2-PACK]-Mr Shield For ZTE Grand X4 / Grand X 4 [Tempered Glass] [Full. Cover] [Black] Screen Protector with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. In stock on March 2, 2018. compatible with ZTE Grand X4 / Grand X 4 [Tempered Glass] [Full .... [3-PACK]- Mr Shield For ZTE Grand X4 / Grand X 4 [Tempered Glass] Screen Protector [0.3mm Ultra Thin 9H Hardness 2.5D Round Edge] with Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Only 18 left in stock - order soon.. Screen Protector specifically designed for ZTE Grand X4 / Grand X 4 .... [2-Pack] Supershieldz for ZTE Grand X4 / Grand X 4 Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [Full Screen Coverage] Anti-Scratch, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty (Black). NextKin Case For ZTE Grand X 4 X4 Z956 Z957 Damon, Premium PU Leather Dual Wallet Folio TPU Silicone Cover, 2 Large inner Pockets Double flap Privacy, 9 Card Slots Holder Snap Button - New Teal. Only 11 left in stock - order soon.. Supershieldz for ZTE Grand X4 / Grand X 4 Tempered Glass Screen Protector, [Full Screen Coverage] Anti-Scratch, Bubble Free, Lifetime Replacement Warranty (Black). Only 19 left in stock - order soon.. ZTE Grand X4 Case, ZTE Blade Spark Case, ZTE Grand X 4 Case(Z956), NageBee [Heavy Duty] Armor Shock Proof Dual Layer [Swivel Belt Clip] Holster with [Kickstand] Combo Rugged Case - Camo. Only 20 left in stock - order soon.. Compatible only for the ZTE Blade Spark / ZTE Grand X 4 cell phone. ZTE Grand X 4 / ZTE Blade Spark / Grand X4 Case With Phone Stand,Ymhxcy [Credit Card Slots Holder][Metal Brushed Texture] Dual Layer Shockproof Protective Cover Shell For ZTE Z956-LCK Mint. Compatibility: Fit For ZTE Grand X 4 / ZTE Blade Spark / Grand X4 / .... [6-Pack] Supershieldz for ZTE Grand X4 / Grand X 4 Screen Protector, High Definition Clear Shield + Lifetime Replacements Warranty. Foldable Home Wall Charger For ZTE Grand X 4 X4 Z956 Phone Unlocked With 5FT Type C AC Power Supply Adapter Cord Data Chargering Cable US Plug. Only 10 left in stock - order soon.. Product Features Fit for ZTE Grand X 4 Z956 Unlocked Smartphone. Phone Case for Total Wireless ZTE ZMax-One LTE / ZTE Blade-Spark Gophone AT&T / ZTE Grand-X-4 LTE ( Cricket ) Rugged Cover Kickstand Combo Holster Belt Clip (Holster-Blue Edge Case). Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. Blade-Spark Gophone AT&T / ZTE Grand X - 4 4g LTE Rugged Hybrid Case .... ZTE Grand X4 Case, ZTE Blade Spark Case, ZTE Grand X 4 Case, BENTOBEN Shockproof Heavy Duty Sparkly Glitter Bling Shiny Cute Slim 2 in 1 Hybrid Hard PC Soft TUP Protective Phone Cover, Purple. Luxury sleek design for ZTE Grand X4(Z956)/ZTE Blade Spark, Not .... ZTE Grand X 4 Screen Protector, J&D Glass Screen Protector [Tempered Glass] HD Clear Ballistic Glass Screen Protector for ZTE Grand X 4 - Protect Screen from Drop and Scratch (3 Packs). 15% off item with purchase of 1 items and 1 more promotion. 15% off item with purchase of 1 items See Details. WORKS WITH ZTE Grand X 4 ONLY. High quality tempered glass screen .... 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
Don't have an account? Sign up. Zte Grand X4 Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Cable. Zte Grand X4 Original Samsung 2Amp OEM Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable, White. Zte Grand X4 Metal Heavy Duty Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Cable. Zte Grand X4 Luxmo Charging Bundle - Includes Car & Home Charger Adapters, Lightning Cable & Headphones. Zte Grand X4 21-Pin 2 Amp Car Charger, Black. Zte Grand X4 USB Type-C Car Charger, Black. Zte Grand X4 Original Samsung Adaptive Fast Charging 2 AMP Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable Combo EP-TA20JWE, White. Zte Grand X4 Braided Rugged Type-C Reversible to USB Charge and Sync Nylon Cable. Zte Grand X4 Dual USB Port Universal 3 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger Adapter. Zte Grand X4 OEM Home/Travel (ETA-U90JWE), Black. Zte Grand X4 USB Home Charger, Black. Zte Grand X4 Car Charger USB Adapter, Black. Zte Grand X4 Universal Metal Cylinder Power Bank/Portable Phone Charger (2600 mAh) with cable. Zte Grand X4 3.1 Amp 3 USB Port Home/Travel Wall Charger Adapter. Zte Grand X4 4,500 mAh Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight. Zte Grand X4 Micro 5 ft 0.6A 600 mAh USB Car Charger, Black. Zte Grand X4 15 Watt 3Ft 3 Amp USB Type-C Heavy Duty Home Travel Charger, Black. Zte Grand X4 USB Home/Travel Power Adapter (, 1000 mAh), White. Zte Grand X4 Dual USB Port Fast Charging Vehicle Power Adapter (3.1 Amp, 3100mAh). Zte Grand X4 4000mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Power Bank. Zte Grand X4 Mini USB Wall Charger. Zte Grand X4 Charge & Sync Type-C Flat Cable Keychain. Zte Grand X4 OEM Micro USB Charger (ETA0U10JBE). Zte Grand X4 OEM 1.8 Amp Micro USB Charger (MCS-04WD). Zte Grand X4 Original Samsung 0.7 Amp OEM Micro USB Wall Charger and Cable, Black. Zte Grand X4 Micro USB Home and Travel Wall Charger, Black. Zte Grand X4 Type-C Mini Phone Fan. Zte Grand X4 Cellet 15 Watt 3 Amp USB Type-C Heavy Duty Retractable Car Charger, Black. Zte Grand X4 3.1 Amp Dual Port USB Car Charger with 3.3 Ft Type-C Data Charge and Sync Cable. Zte Grand X4 Home/Travel , Black. Zte Grand X4 3-in-1 3.5 ft Wall and Car Charger with Micro USB cable. Zte Grand X4 Cellet 3 Ft 15 Watt 3 Amp USB Type-C Heavy Duty Car Charger, Black. Zte Grand X4 Ultra-Compact USB Travel Wall Charger Adapter. Zte Grand X4 HyperGear Stik Power Bank / Portable Phone Charger and Flash Light (2600 mAh) with Micro USB cable. Zte Grand X4 10,000 mAh Slim Portable Battery Charger/Powerbank with 2 USB Ports, LCD Display and Flashlight. Zte Grand X4 Original Samsung 2.0A OEM 2000 mAh Micro USB 3.0 Wall Charger and Cable for Samsung Galaxy S5, Galaxy Note 3, Galaxy Note Edge, Galaxy Tab Pro, White. Zte Grand X4 21-pin 2 Amp Travel Charger, Black. Zte Grand X4 Votec 2 Amp USB Type-C Car Charger, Black. Zte Grand X4 3.1 Amp Dual Port USB Home Travel Charger with 3.3 Ft Type-C Data Charge and Sync Cable. Zte Grand X4 USB Vehicle Power Adapter (1000 mAh). Zte Grand X4 Solar Powered 6000 T-Pocket Portable Phone Battery (5000 mAh). Zte Grand X4 Value Series .5 amp 500 mAh USB Travel Charger Adapter. Zte Grand X4 HEAVY-DUTY 4ft Micro USB 2.4 AMP Fast Charging Car Charger, Black. Zte Grand X4 Car Charger , Black. Zte Grand X4 Cellet Heavy-Duty 1.0 Amp Lightning 8-Pin Car Charger, Black. Zte Grand X4 Mini USB Car Charger. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. ZTE Grand X4 - Review, Video Review, Unboxing Demo. Mobile Network Support and Band Device Body Design and Display Device Hardware and Operating System Device Photography and Video Memory and Entertainment Features Internet and Data Communication Inside ZTE Grand X4 Box (Box Contents) ZTE Grand X4 Handset Battery 3140 mAh Charger 3.5 mm Headset USB Cable User Manual Warranty Card. ZTE Grand X4 was officially announced in November 2016, Device released in November 2016. ZTE Grand X4 have Yes Card Slots,ZTE Grand X4 support all GSM Based network providers. ZTE Grand X4 mobile device support 2G Band Frequency at GSM 850,GSM 900,GSM 1800,GSM 1900 and Hight Speed 3G Network Band at HSDPA 850,HSDPA 900,HSDPA 1900,HSDPA 2100,ZTE Grand X4 also support LTE based 4G Networks Support at Frequency level LTE 850,LTE 1700,LTE 900,LTE 1900,comes with network handling support with Network settings and work offline with flight Mode.. ZTE Grand X4 is a Phablet device and it have device dimension with 155 x 77 x 10 mm, Exactly 155.2 x 76.96 x 9.1 mm. Phone weight including the Battery 160g, (Unofficial). Phone gave a dedicated Volume,Power, Fingerprint Key. ZTE Grand X4 display enhanced with IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen capable to display 16M Colors at ~267 ppi Pixel Density Touch screen with Multi Touch Support optimized by. Display Resolution of this phone is 720 x 1280 pixels (HD) compact with the 5.5 Inch display with Mode.Device has Loudspeaker to amplify music playback and tones,. ZTE Grand X4 equipped for Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), (version 6.0.1) Operating System, Device hardware empoweredby Qualcomm Snapdragon 425, MSM8917 Chipsetand Quad Core Processor Processor handle manipulate tasks,at the speed of 1.4 GHz.device have 2 GB RAM.ZTE Grand X4 have internal storage 16 GB.memory can upgrade Upto 64 GB with MicroSD.ZTE Grand X4 have 13 MP Cameraand there is no Camera Flashand 5.0 MP Secondary front Camera.. ZTE Grand X4 13 MP and Photo output come at 13 MP, 4128 x 3096 Pixels Resolution in size camera help us to catch our favorite movements at Photographs and Videos HD Quality.Photo as includes date tagging and GPS based Geo Tagging.VideoVideo Recording at 1080p 30 FPSquality. Camera has powerful 4X digital zoom help us to focus objects very clear. Autofocus,Touch focus,Self timer,Face Detection,Smile detection,HDR,Face Beauty,Voice Capture,Gesture Shot features also help us to take more precious photos for our daily use.Camera has powerful digital zoom help us to focus objects very clear. ZTE Grand X4 have secondary front camera and takes high quality photos as well Enhanced Camera features like TV Output helps to connect our device directly through LED, LCD TV through ZTE Grand X4.ZTE Grand X4 have Sweep Panorama to take pictures around you.. ZTE Grand X4 Supports major auto Formats WAV,AAC,AMR,MP3,WMA,MIDI,FLAC,OGG,AAC+,eAAC+ and video Formats 3GP,MP4,FLV,WMV,xVID,AVI,MKV,H.264,H.263, device haveMini headphone headphone jackZTE Grand X4 have internal storage 16 GB help to storage enough data of music and video files.expendable memory can upgrade Upto 64 GB with MicroSD Memory Card.ZTE Grand X4 supports Stereo FM Radio along with FM Recording feature.Device have the power to playback musics Up to 40 Hrs through standard Media Player.able to play videos Up to 7 Hrs. ZTE Grand X4 Supports 2G Transfersand 3G TransfersData Transfer with GPRS and with EDGE.Data communication speed through LTE 50 Mbps,HSPA plus,LTE CAT4 150 Mbps DL,Data connection also through Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Dual Band.Wi-Fi supports dual band Hotspot support to share internet connection through ZTE Grand X4. Device support to browse web pages through with Google Chrome Browser, which supports you to browse WAP,HTML,HTML5 web pages.browser also supports Adobe Flash. Personal data transfers through Bluetooth 4.2 Device comes with Google Maps which helps to view mapsand locate our location through GPS Tracking help us for Navigation or Direction. Device supports messaging features SMS,MMS,Email,Push Mail,IM,Hangouts.. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » HTC » Alcatel » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Lava » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. ZTE Grand X4 Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. ZTE Grand X4 Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. ZTE Grand X4 Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. ZTE Grand X4 Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. Home | Privacy Policy. 
You don't have permission to access /specifications/zte-grand-x4/. 
The [Manufacturer Device] is in your cart.. It's Your World, Pick A Galaxy. Online only when you switch to Cricket. Must activate on a qualifying plan (min. First plan payment and sales tax due at purchase.. for one year on Cricket Unlimited 2 Plan, when you switch!*. to max 3 Mbps; video streaming at 1.5 Mbps.. *After 22GB/line/mo., you may experience slower speeds than other Cricket customers during network congestion. Req's port-in & new svc charge & applicable sales tax due at sale. until bill credit starts w/in 30 days. Other fees, charges, & restr's apply. It's a Win - Win - Win!. Req's svc activ (in store, up to $25) w/ qual. svc charge & applicable sales tax due at sale.. *Req's port-in & new svc line. 4 Lines of Unlimited Data for $100. Data speed limited to max of 3 Mbps. * After 22GB/line/mo., you may experience slower speeds than other Cricket customers during network congestion. Add'l fees, usage & restr's apply. Make the switch, keep your phone.. Swap Your SIM Card for $9.99*. **Compatible phone & activation of service req'd. Cell Phones, Plans and Service from Cricket. Are you considering changing your cell phone carrier? Cricket has a variety of cell phone plans to fit any lifestyle, so you can choose a cell phone plan that's just right. Here are some advantages of switching to Cricket Wireless.. No annual contract for cell phone service -. aren't tied to an annual contract, so you have freedom to change your service at any time. Unlimited talk & text -. No need to worry about going over your minutes, talk and text to your heart's content. Cricket has a great, big network that covers over 99% of Americans. Great buys on top smartphones - Find great deals on phones from brands like Samsung, iPhone, LG, HTC, and more. Taxes for services are included in your plan price, so you can easily budget your phone expenses. Group Save discounts - Save up to $70/mo when you order five eligible lines of service. How to Pick a Cell Phone Service. Review your most recent cell phone bill. How much you're paying per line - Do you have a multi-line cell phone plan? What kind of discount are you getting? Could you save more by switching? Cricket's family and group plan offers a discount for each extra line up to the fifth line.. How much data you use - Do you burn through all of your high-speed data too soon? Do you always have lots of data to spare? Ideally, you don't want to get too little or too much. Cricket has a variety of cell phone plans to fit any lifestyle, so you can choose a cell phone plan that's just right.. Any surprise taxes or fees (which can really add up) -. With Cricket, taxes are included in your bill, so you know exactly what to expect. For a list of our current fees, view our Charges & Fees page .. Decide how satisfied you are with your current cell phone. "Bring Your Own Phone" BYOP - If you want to keep your phone, bring it to Cricket - just make sure it's unlocked and compatible with our network.. Get a brand new smartphone - Had your eye on one of the hottest new phones? Just need an inexpensive device that does the job? We've got a variety of prepaid smartphones, many with great incentives when you switch to Cricket.. Consider any issues you've faced with service you had in the past. Have you had a lot of dropped calls or slow speeds? With Cricket, you'll enjoy extensive 4G LTE coverage nationwide.. Are you fed up with contracts? There's no annual contract with Cricket's prepaid plans.. Want great service? Providing outstanding customer care is a top priority at Cricket, which is why we make it easy for you to reach us via chat or on the phone. If you prefer to get answers quickly and easily, view our online support .. © Cricket Wireless LLC. 
Pdevice.com: Review, Specification, Price, Compare, Tech News & Details of Mobile Phone and Electronics Gadget Online. How to check that all the Device Drivers are installed properly…. How to select your Mouse Primary Button Left or Right in…. How to Managed Bluetooth Device (Turned on and Off) on Your…. How to Uninstall, Installed Driver from Windows 10 PC using Device…. ZTE Grand X4 Smartphone Full Specification. Processor (Clock) : Quad-Core 1.4 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Memory : 2GB, 667 MHz. Screen (Size & Type) : 5.5 inches FHD display. Camera Overview : 13 Megapixels / 5 Megapixels. OS Version : Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The product overall rating and highlights is based on review by our technical experts. All ratings have been selected out of 10.. Body & Design (look and feel). CPU – Quad-Core 1.4 GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Chipset – Qualcomm Snapdragon 425 MSM8917. Camera -13 Megapixels with LED and AF Rear Camera | 5 Megapixel Front camera. Memory – RAM- 2GB | ROM 16GB External Memory Support up to 64GB. Display – Screen size 5.5 inches FHD (1080×1920 Pixels). Battery – Non-Removable 3,140 mAh Lithium-Ion. Proximity Sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient Light, G-Sensor, Fingerprint Sensor, Heart-Rate Sensor. Operating System – Android 6.0 Marshmallow. 155.2 x 76.96 x 9.1 mm. More Feature – Plastic Body Design, LTE Cat 4 150 Mbps Download, 50 Mbps Upload, HSUPA 5.76 Mbps Upload, HSDPA 42 Mbps Download, Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Fast Charging Technology, Noise Cancellation, For Cricket Wireless, Type-C USB.. ZTE Grand X4 (Cricket) MINT CONDITION! 1 Of The Newest Phone Cricket Offers!. ZTE Grand X4 Unlock Any Caries GSM.. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Each device built on different configuration and platform or operating so here we have divided the devices on their operating system such as Android, Windows, iOS etc. Device brand including their model number,. The initial public announcement by a company or brand for its upcoming gadgets or device with few or full information till its release date.. The release date is the date in which a release was made available through some sort of distribution mechanism. For example, this may be via a online or offline retail store, being published as a available to sale on a website or distributed to industry insiders. the device is available in the market, upcoming device or the company or brand have close the productivity of gadgets. Design Type is a combination of smartphone's size, style, dimensions, weight, color, layout. Mainly there are three types of form factors seen in mobile phones and other computing devices such as bar phones, folding phones, and sliding phones. height, width, and length of the computing device measures in mm, cm. 155.2 x 76.96 x 9.1 mm. Display Technology => There are number of display technology available for computing devices such as TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an advanced version of AMOLED) and there are two types of touchscreen displays Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens not only works with human skin but also with stylus pen) and Capacitive Touchscreen (only work with human skin). Display size of each computing device is measured diagonally in inches, cm, or mm. Display Colors refer to the number of different shades of colors that the device screen is capable of displaying mostly there is three display color - 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors used and 16M is the highest available range of colors and better than others.16M display color used in more advanced computing device such as Smartphone , Tablet or Gaming console while the 256K or 64K colors are used for basic handset and entry level computing devices.. Information about the number of pixels per inch of the device screen. The higher the pixels density of any device, the more detailed and clearer content (Image, Video,Graphics, etc) will be shown on the display. Display Protection => is must have feature for all computing device, especially in Smartphone segment there is different-different technology for protecting the display from scratches, drops, water, dust, and bumps of everyday use.Most common display protection technology are corning gorilla glass, Tempered glass, Scratch resistant glass, Full lamination technology, OGS, and More. So whenever you buy a new device you should always consider the smartphone having display protection feature.. Display supports various kind of features such as Contrast ratio, NTSC, 2.5D curved glass, OLED, AMOLED and more features. Some device comes with second display feature along with primary display, usually found in mobile phone. Screen to Body Ratio shows the total number of area covered by the gadget display, if the % is higher it's good for users.. 1080x1920 Pixels, 24 bit color depth. Supported Camera Type in the device, dual or single camera. Primary Camera is usually placed on the back side of Smartphone to capture photos and videos. The main attribute of camera are the resolution (measured in Megapixels), lens focus type (automatic or manual). High megapixels mobile can take higher quality pictures and videos but it does not always the quality parameter as there are other factors also responsible for high-quality picture so we can't predict the camera quality by just looking at its megapixels. Good Camera plays important role for any Gadgets it comes with many features such as Autofocus, Continuous shooting, Digital image stabilization, Digital zoom, Face detection, Geotagging, HDR ISO settings, Panorama, Scene mode, Self-timer, Touch focus, White balance settings, PDAF etc. Flash Light => Flashlight are very important in camera for enhancing the picture quality in low-light condition.LED Flash and Xenon Flash are two most common flashlights are used in mobile phones.LED flashlight provides lower power consumption with drive circuitry which takes up little room and can be strobed faster than any other light Source while the Xenon Flash offers an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration. secondary camera or front camera in the device like selfies camera in Smartphone, the user can click his own photo using this camera. Dual Camera Set UP (One Front + One Back). Chipset is the main part of any computing device such as Mobile, Laptop, Smartwatch, Camera, Tablet etc each one runs on a chipset or SoC which includes CPU, GPU, and Cache memory.Chipset is integrated circuit designed to perform some specific task and popular devices come with more advanced chipset which can perform many different tasks according to their design and programming capabilities. CPU Central Processing Unit or processors,its main function is to interpret and execute instructions in the computing device .Mostly we measure CPU capacity in GHz or MHz with the number of the core such as 2-core, 4-core, 8-core, 10-core etc.Always look for high-power processor first whenever you will purchase a new device. Number of Cores for processor on the device. GPU Stands for Graphics Processing Unit is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly rapid mathematical calculations, primarily for the purpose of rendering images, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion and it is also responsible for high-performance gaming graphics a good GPU always have such kind of power to control the gaming graphics.The common GPU for mobile devices are Qualcomm Adreno, Intel HD graphics, PowerVR, ARM-Mlai etc. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, and used by Operating system and installed application in the computing device data in the RAM temporarily stored means it will be lost whenever the device is turn off or restarted. Internal Storage also known as secondary memory or ROM is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other content stored.There two types of internal memory expansion expandable and non-expandable. Memory Speed measured in MHz or GHz. External Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's internal storage, A memory card is a small storage memory used to store content such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components which increased the functionality of any computing device in which they are embedded sensors detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. Yes External Memory Support up to 64GB. Each mobile device works on the wireless network and these networks are divided into different category such as 2G, 3G, 4G further they are subdivided into the category like GSM, UMTS, LTE on different bands. 2G stands for the second-generation wireless telephone network.It works on Standard like GSM, D-AMPS, PDC.2G Networks supports Digital voice services and slow data transmission (2.5G (GPRS) or 2.75G (EDGE) ) but these networks are faster than analog (1G) systems. 3G stands for the third generation wireless telephone network in compare of 2G it supports faster data speed, always-on data access, better voice transmission capacity.UMTS,WCDMA, Ev-Do are the main standard of 3G technology. 4G stands for the fourth generation of wireless telephone network it is more efficient and faster in terms of data rate, voice transmission and it is very different technology in compare of 3G.The most common standard are LTE (Long Term Evolution) and Mobile WiMAX. SIM stands for Subscriber Identity Module which securely stores subscriber's information such as phone numbers and text messages. Users can easily switch SIM card from one mobile set to another. SIM card is responsible for communication among several mobile devices using different kinds of networks such as GSM, UMTS, LTE etc. Smartphone comes with Single SIM or Dual SIM slot.. GSM / UMTS / LTE. GSM : 850 / 900/ 1800 /1900 MHz. UMTS : 850 / 1900 MHz. LTE : 850 / 1700 / 1900 2100 MHz. LTE : 700 MHz (Band 12). OS => Operating System responsible for all basic operations of the device ( smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers, drones, smartwatch and other handheld devices). The Operating System manages and controls the functions of the hardware components of the computing device. There are numbers of OS such as Android, Windows, iOS, BlackBerry and more. UI or user interface (f human–machine interaction) of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface. Facebook its no 1 popular free social networking site which allows users to create a free account and adds your friends or family in your social list to chat with them, upload photos, videos, video chat and send messages via the internet and keep in touch with friends,Each Smartphone supports Facebook app. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Twitter is global microblogging social media website, you can use twitter application on your smartphone, tablet. Microblogging is a broadcast medium that exists in the form of blogging. A microblog differs from a traditional blog in that its content is typically smaller in both actual and aggregated file size. Google Play Store, Google Maps, Google Navigation, Cricket Wireless Apps & Services, VAS Apps, Chrome, Gmail. Multimedia Features (Audio, Video and Images). Which type of audio playback supported by the device as there are number of audio format such as WAV, AAC, AMR, MP3, WMA, MIDI, FLAC, etc. FM is a VHF broadcasting technology which uses frequency modulation (FM) to transfer sound over the broadcasting radio. Alert types are types of sound which notify the users when someone sends notifications like a phone call, message, email etc. Yes Support WAV, AAC+, OGG, FLAC, MIDI, WMA, MP3, AMR, AAC, eAAC+. Yes Support 3GP, MP4, FLV, WMV, xVID, AVI, MKV, H.264, H.263. Yes Support JPEG, PNG, GIF, BMP. Yes with 3.5mm Audio Out Port. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology which provides wireless data connection between various device using radio waves it uses the IEEE 802.11 stands for communication. USB required for transfer or sync the data from one computing device to another such as from Smartphone to computer. Bluetooth is wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, personal computers and other network devices over brief distances without wiring, Bluetooth technology was mostly designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. There are different-different types of Bluetooth Profile (A2DP, HID, LE etc) available in each device for exchanging different content within a short distance.. GPS Stands for Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation technology using it users can track their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, the most common GPS technology are GPS and the GLONASS. NFC stands for Near field communication is a set of short-range wireless communication standards for smartphones and similar computing devices to establish peer-to-peer (P2P) radio communications with each other by touching them together.It works on smaller range around 10cm. HDMI Stands for (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) most commonly used for. transferring video data and digital audio data from a HDMI- device (Smartphone, Tablet, Laptop) to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Infrared (IR) connectivity is an old wireless technology which uses an infrared light to transfer information between two electronic devices over short-range. Type-C USB With Charging and Mass Storage Function. GPRS GPRS stands for General Packet Radio Service it is also known as GSM-IP is global system mobile communications internet protocol which works in 2G and 3G cellular networks.It provides data speed up to 40 kbps which enable mobile devices to access the internet at a Similar speed of dial-up modem and it is used for wireless data transfer like sharing pictures, text, video or browse the internet via mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data Rate for GSM Environment) also known as also known as Enhanced GPRS or EGPRS is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Data Speed supports by any computing device such as Smartphone, Tablet, Computer, Laptop etc mostly it measured in Mbps (Mega bit per second).A good device always supports faster data speed. Web Browser => used to access information on the world wide web such as text, image, video, audio here we have listed some of the common browsers supported by the device.. LTE Cat 4 150 Mbps Download, 50 Mbps Upload, HSUPA 5.76 Mbps Upload, HSDPA 42 Mbps Download. Google Chrome, Support WAP, HTML, HTML5 Browsers. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service through which users can send text messages up to 160-224 characters to mobile devices such as cell phone, smartphone, and PDAs. MMS stands for Multimedia Messaging Service and it is used for sending multimedia message from one device to another device such as audio clips, video clips, images, text.. Email Email Stands for Electronic mail which used for sending and storing message it just like sending a physical letter.The user can send text messages, images, and other attachments to the recipient using the internet. You can create your account with Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail or any other without any cost and its necessary to receive any message over internet and email address is unique to each user. IM stands for Instant Messaging is an exchange of text messages through a software application in real time, it enable users to create a kind of private chat room (for example Yahoo! Messenger and Apple's iChat ) with another user in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, Hangouts. Battery Type => The battery is most important part of any electronics device and they powered by different-different kind of battery such as there are basically four types of cell phone batteries Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity which measure typically in Amp-hr which tells users that how much of the charge stored by the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of power that can be run any computing device under certain conditions. A good battery always provides consistent power but it also depends on the quality of device, processor, and design. Standby Time is the longest time a phone can remain in the power during single battery charge while the device will not be in active use but constantly connected to the GSM network.. Talk Time is the total time a battery can power a phone under perfect conditions, talk time requires more power and much shorter than standby time. Music play time of the device in hours. The capacity of battery to play video on device. Package Contents: What Accessories is included with this device when you Buy This item from Store,. What is inside the package box.. User Reviews and Discussion about Gadget. Be the first to add a Review. Body & Design (look and feel):. is this price is good for this device or not. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. You May Be Interested in Other Models from ZTE. ZTE Nubia M2 Smartphone Full Specification. ZTE Axon 7 Smartphone Full Specification. ZTE Blade A512 Smartphone Full Specification. ZTE Blade L7 Smartphone Full Specification. ZTE Nubia Z17 Mini High Version Smartphone Full Specification. ZTE Max XL Smartphone Full Specification. Gadgets Finder – Search Gadget Here. Up to 50% Off On Mobile Phone. Sony Xperia XZ2 Smartphone Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 8 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Pro Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Huawei MediaPad M5 10 Wi-Fi Tablet Full Specification. Alcatel 1T 10 Tablet Full Specification. LG Signature Edition Smartphone Full Specification. Google Pixel XL Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G9500 Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950F Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950K Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos Smartphone Full Specification. LG V30S ThinQ vs LG V30S+ ThinQ Comparison. ZTE Tempo Go vs ZTE Blade V9 Vita Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 1C Comparison. Alcatel 1X vs Alcatel 3X Comparison. MGCOOL Band 3 Companion App Helps You to Carve More. Samsung Galaxy J7 Neo Smartphone Full Specification. JGAURORA A5 Updated Large Printing Size 3D Printer Just for $359.99 – GearBest Coupon. VOYO i7 Notebook with i7 6500U, 8GB RAM Just for $599.32, Flat $40 GearBest Promo Code. Xiaomi YI 4K+ Action Camera 60fps 120Mbps Only for $249.99, Geekbuying Coupon Code. XDUOO Nano D3 Lossless Music MP3 HiFi Music Player GearBest $6.91 Promo Code. Xiaomi Mi 6 Smartphone with 5.2 inch Display, MIUI 8, Snapdragon 835 Chip Just for $409, GearBest Coupon Code. HBQ – I7 TWS Bluetooth Stereo Double Headsets HD Call for $15.39, GearBest Coupon Code. News 357 How to 252 Samsung 65 Coupons & Deals 63 Xiaomi 39 Apple 36 LG 35 Huawei 35. We Suggest You The Best Smartphone with Great Features. Brand Name (specific brand gadget you want). www.pdevice.com is one of the most useful and informative website where you will get tech news, gadget info such as review and specification, price, compare, site about Smartphone,Tablets, Laptops, smartwatch, vr headset tech specs and lot more about electronics gadgets all around the globe. We provide you with the latest information about electronics gadgets , tips and tricks about gadgets .. © Copyright © 2018 - www.pdevice.com. 
Home All Brands Top 10 Mobile Phones Latest News Latest Mobiles Phones Upcoming Mobiles Phones Model Finder Technology Blog. ZTE Grand X4 (Full Device Specifications) For Cricket Wireless. Also Known as ZTE Grand X 4.. » Specifications » 360° View » Pictures » Photo Quality. ZTE Grand X4 Officially Announced :. Gray Price : US$ 167, Rs 8830 8.2 out of 10. : ( 77 Ratings). ZTE Grand X4 Release November 2016, weight 160g, 5.5” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen , 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.2,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018. GSM , (Cricket Wireless Network) GSM 2G Bands :. GSM 850 , GSM 900 , GSM 1800 , GSM 1900 GSM 3G Bands :. HSDPA 850 , HSDPA 900 , HSDPA 1900 , HSDPA 2100 GSM 4G Bands :. LTE 850 , LTE 1700 , LTE 900 , LTE 1900 Operating System :. Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) , (version 6.0.1) Chipset :. Qualcomm Snapdragon 425 , MSM8917 Processor :. Quad Core Processor Processor Speed :. 2 GB Memory Card Slot :. 155 x 77 x 10 mm , Exactly 155.2 x 76.96 x 9.1 mm Slim/Thin :. 9 mm , (9.1 mm Thin) Weight :. Accelerometer , Ambient Light , Proximity Sensor , Fingerprint , G-Sensor Torch Light :. Volume , Power , Fingerprint Key Device Security :. Device Password Lock , Device Pattern Lock , Slide Lock , PIN code Lock , Fingerprint Unlock. IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen Screen Protection :. Corning Gorilla Glass , version 3 Display Colors :. 16M Colors Pixel density range :. 201 to 275 ppi , (~267 ppi Pixel Density) Screen Resolution :. 720 x 1280 pixels (HD) Display Size :. 5.5 Inch Screen To Body Ratio :. 61 to 70 Percent , (~69.8% screen-to-body-ratio) Multi Touch Support :. Unlimited Ringtone or Alert Type :. Vibration , MP3 ringtones , WAV. 13 MP , 4128 x 3096 Pixels Camera Flash LED :. 5.0 MP Front Camera Flash :. With 1080p 3G or Video Call :. Autofocus , Touch focus , Self timer , Face Detection , Smile detection , HDR , Face Beauty , Voice Capture , Gesture Shot. WAV , AAC+ , OGG , FLAC , MIDI , WMA , MP3 , AMR , AAC , eAAC+ Video Format :. 3GP , MP4 , FLV , WMV , xVID , AVI , MKV , H.264 , H.263 3.5mm Headphone Jack :. LTE 50 Mbps , HSPA plus , LTE CAT4 150 Mbps DL Browser Name :. Google Chrome Browser Browsing Support :. WAP , HTML , HTML5 WiFi Support :. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n , Dual Band Hot Spot :. Type-C USB NFC (Near Field Communication) :. PDF Viewer , Document Editor inbuilt applications :. Calculator , Notes , To-do list , Google Apps, Cricket Wireless Apps & Services, VAS Apps. SMS , MMS , Email , Push Mail , IM , Hangouts GPS Tracking :. Li-Ion 3140 mAh Quick Charge :. With Quick Charge 2.0 Wireless Charge :. 340 Hrs , (Unofficial) Talk Time :. 12 Hrs , (Unofficial) Music Playback :. Up to 40 Hrs Video Playback :. Single Sim (Prepaid Mobile) Plastic Body Design Pattern Design Back Cover Sandstone Pattern Finish Sides Noise Cancellation Rounded Edges Social Networking Services & Apps. ZTE Grand X4 Handset Battery 3140 mAh Charger 3.5 mm Headset USB Cable User Manual Warranty Card. » Full Specifications » User Opinions & Review » Compare » Pictures » 360° View » Related Phones » Review » Related News » User Manual » Photo Quality » Video Quality Tweet Popularity and Rating Rate this Mobile Phone Design. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Features. 0 1 2 3 4 5 Performance. 0 1 2 3 4 5. Categories » 4G VoLTE Mobiles » Apple iOS Mobiles » Android 4G » Dual Camera Phone » Dual Sim Mobiles » Android Smartphone » Dual OS Smartphone » Android Dual Sim » Android One » Android CDMA » Tablet » Android Tablet » Windows 4G » Windows Mobiles » Windows Tablet » Smartphone » CDMA Phone » GSM & CDMA Phone » Dual OS Tablets » Dual SIM Qwerty » Ubuntu Tablet » Ubuntu Mobiles » Basic Dual Sim » Basic Phone » Qwerty Phones » Touch & Type » Triple Sim Mobile » Slide phones » Android Camera Top Brands » Samsung » Apple » Nokia » Google » Lenovo » Motorola » BlackBerry » Huawei » Alcatel » HTC » OnePlus » LG » Asus » Xiaomi » ZTE » Micromax » Oppo » Karbonn » Vivo » Acer » Intex » BLU » Gionee » Vodafone » Prestigio » All Brands. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 1 Samsung Galaxy S9+ SM-G965 Samsung Galaxy S9 SM-G960. LG V30S+ ThinQ LG V30S ThinQ ZTE Blade V9 Vita Nokia 7 Plus. ZTE Grand X4 Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. ZTE Grand X4 Announced February 2018, weight 158g, 6” OLED Capacitive Touch Screen, 16 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. ZTE Grand X4 Announced February 2018, weight 145g, 5.45” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 13 MP Camera, Bluetooth 4.1,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. ZTE Grand X4 Announced February 2018, weight 155g, 6” IPS LCD Capacitive TouchScreen, 12 MP Camera, Bluetooth 5.0,Wi-Fi Price in February 2018 View Full Specifications | Unboxing Pictures | Manual Download | 360 View. Home | Privacy Policy. 
Download our Official Android App: Forums for Android!. Discussion in ' Android Devices ' started by dsnyder , Sep 24, 2017 .. My cricket wireless ZTE grand x4, aka z956, has a recurring problem where it won't recognize headphones. The headphones icon doesn't show up in the status bar and audio from any app plays through the phone speakers. I know it must be a software issue because it is intermittent (usually after running for at least a day) and solved by restarting the phone. I did a hard reset last week which solved the problem until yesterday when it came back, so I have to restart my phone every now and then when the headphones won't work. At this point I'm completely lost as to which direction to go with this problem. I'm considering sending the phone in under warranty for repair but don't know how much good that will do. Look in the audio port and see if there is any fuzz or dirt in there. You should be able to just blow it out.. My cricket wireless ZTE grand x4, aka z956, has a recurring problem where it won't recognize headphones. The headphones icon doesn't show up in the status bar and audio from any app plays through the phone speakers. I know it must be a software issue because it is intermittent (usually after running for at least a day) and solved by restarting the phone. I did a hard reset last week which solved the problem until yesterday when it came back, so I have to restart my phone every now and then when the headphones won't work.. I wish it was that easy. Blowing out the dust does nothing, however restarting the phone immediately resolves the issue (temporarily) and allows the phone to recognize headphones.. Sounds like a silly question, but do the headphones work in other devices, and have you tried another pair?. Also, have you taken the phone apart recently? On the ZTE I once had ( it was a real cheapy one) the audio port inside the phone was really loose, and if I hadn't been careful I could have easily broken it without noticing.. I wish it was that easy. Blowing out the dust does nothing, however restarting the phone immediately resolves the issue (temporarily) and allows the phone to recognize headphones.. I use the same headphones with my iPad regularly, never had a problem. the phone has never been taken apart. A good portion of the time I get lucky and the headphones work with the phone, it's just once in a while I plug it in and they aren't recognized. Restarting the phone fixed the issue every time I've tried it, at least a dozen times.. Sounds like a silly question, but do the headphones work in other devices, and have you tried another pair?. Also, have you taken the phone apart recently? On the ZTE I once had ( it was a real cheapy one) the audio port inside the phone was really loose, and if I hadn't been careful I could have easily broken it without noticing.. Do you already have an account?. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900. HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 2(1900), 4(1700/2100), 5(850), 12(700). 154.2 x 76 x 9.4 mm (6.07 x 2.99 x 0.37 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~71.2% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~267 ppi density). microSD, up to 64 GB (dedicated slot). - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. ZTE Grand X 3 - user opinions and reviews. l have had this phone for the past one year and it works flawlessly, of course sd 210 can't work like sd 825 or 835 so don't expect much but very good in battery performance.. Cricket employees are not repair techs. Some of us do try to handle basic issues, but we are limited in what were allowed to do. Most tech issues, we have to refer cusotmers to either manufacturer tech support, or 1-800-cricket.. I've had mine for over a year and its been good. For what I paid and the hardware its a good phone. I haven't had any issues software wise and still have the original charger that came with it plus various after market brands I've collected over the .... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. ZTE Blade S6 Motorola Moto G5S Plus Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Nokia 2. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Axon 7 ZTE nubia Z17s ZTE Axon 9 ZTE nubia Z17. 
USD $ EUR € GBP £ CAD $. Home Contact UnlockBase Cable Unlock Software Currency: USD Support e-mail Track your Order LOGIN. $ USD € EUR £ GBP $ CAD. Is this product being sold elsewhere for a lower price?. Price match requests are handled by professional sourcing staffs.. Please fill in the short form below and we will try to work with our suppliers to match their price or provide an even better deal.. If the reported product is identical to our product, and lower priced sources are found, prices on product pages will be updated within 48 hours (Mon-Fri) after price match is received.. Unless you are already on our newsletters list, we will not send any e-mail to you that are not related to this review.. Step 2/4 : Provide your IMEI & E-Mail. Order the Unlock Code of your ZTE Grand X4. DELIVERY: 1 to 24 hours. When I order an Unlock Code for my ZTE Grand X4, what will I receive?. With all ZTE Grand X4 Unlocking Code orders we usually deliver a complete set of unlocking codes. Most of the time you just need the Network Code (NCK) but when needed you'll also receive Unfreeze Code, Reset Key, or Service Provide Code. In the same email that includes your unlock code(s), you will also receive complete instructions on how to use it. Usually, you just insert the SIM card in the phone you want to use and the phone will prompt you for the unlock code. In case you need any assistance, our customer support is always there to answer any questions you might have. We will get back to you within less than 12 Hours from Monday to Friday.. I accept the Terms & Conditions. How to Unlock ZTE Grand X4?. Insert SIM card from a source different than your original Service Provider (i.e. if you have a Rogers phone, use a non-Rogers SIM card),. Phone will ask you to enter Sim unlock pin. Any suggestion? Want to help us improve our Guideline to unlock ZTE Grand X4 ? or those are not accurate ? Please contact us. UnlockBase is an incorporated company, we've been unlocking cell phones for 7 years now and strives to provide the best service for our clientele.. All products, and company names, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed are registered® and/or unregistered trademarks™ of their respective owners. UnlockBase is not associated with or sponsored by ZTE. The authors of this web site are not sponsored by or affiliated with any of the third-party trade mark or third-party registered trade mark owners, and make no representations about them, their owners, their products or services.. Rated 4.9 out of 5 from 9201 reviews. I give 4 stars because they send me several code instead of 1 code it's very annoying because I have to try several codes before I get one works other provider only provide one code.. I had a problem but they resolved it quickly. I recommend this website to anybody who wants their phone unlocked. Once again thank you and I have been using this website for over six years. Very simple process which worked first time - received codes within 3 days. Телефон разблокировали очень быстро сервисом очень доволен хотя и чуть-чуть дороговато. UB Software Limited - 156 Shirley Street & Mount Royal Avenue - Nassau – The Bahamas. Registration Number 1784454 - Copyrighted by Copyright Deposit - Monitored by CopyScape - DO NOT COPY. 
Unlock ZTE Grand X4 with 100% money back guarantee. Unlock ZTE Phones > ZTE Grand X4. Important - Select the Current Network your Unlock ZTE is Locked to. Do NOT select the network you want to use.. Select Your Country Algeria Australia Canada Indonesia Mexico Nigeria Philippines Portugal United Kingdom USA (United States) Afghanistan Albania American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo (Democratic Republic of) Congo (Republic of) Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Mauritania Mauritius Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Poland Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka St. Vincent & the Grenadines Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Please Select the country/network provider the phone is currently locked to. Please Select the country/network provider the phone is currently locked to. Does your phone use a SIM Card?. why e-mail Please enter a valid email address, your unlock codes will be sent there.. We work with your phone manufacturer or network to generate unlock code.. No shady software to be installed, no jail breaking, no sim cover. Plain simple unlock code .. Our site uses strong SSL encryption so all transactions are secured.. About Unlock Delivery / T&C / Refund Policy. How to Unlock ZTE Grand X4 Benefits of Unlocking ZTE Grand X4 Unlock Codes for ZTE Grand X4 The model no. of the phone The country it was purchased or locked in The IMEI number The network it is locked to Important Links. ZTE is one of the brand names that has placed itself well in the field of mobile phones. But how much of a brand would it be if it confines you to a single network? It happens with a locked phone. A ZTE Grand X4 may be a device you would love to show off, but if it is locked, it shall make a disaster. Grand X4 does far more than a locked one and has more value than one thinks.. Once you unlock your ZTE Grand X4, you can avail services from any network you find appropriate. A locked phone will confine your calls, data usage, and other features to just one system while an unlocked ZTE Grand X4 shall free you from the bondage of the same. In case you are travelling, there may or may not be a proper network coverage with the default SIM you are using. Here, you can choose an SIM from the current location to avoid roaming charges and other hidden costs.. Besides that, if you ever plan on selling your phone, an unlocked ZTE Grand X4 would bring you not only a much better price, but also a variety of buyers to choose.. A code from unlockninja.com is the most secure tool for unlocking your ZTE Grand X4. It is the fastest and simplest method and needs the following data:. Post entering these details, you get a code that you have to enter only once. This process doesn't affect the data in your phone or the manufacturer's warranty in any manner. Now, the only worry you may have would be that of the money, and that solved too. This code comes with a money back guarantee.. Delivery Terms & Conditions The information, files, graphics, text, software, communication published on this site as well as all the services provided is subject to the terms and conditions of specified here. You are supposed to check them periodically and abide by them, before availing any service from us. We also reserve the right to modify the terms and conditions anytime, and we expect your actions to respect the current version of them. If any breach of the conditions happens, your right to use this site gets terminated by default. Customers should give correct information regarding the details of their mobile handsets, as a model, network provider in which the unlocking done, country code, IMEI number, etc. You should not attempt to unlock the device by yourself or use any alternative method to open it other than the unlocking code provided by us. You should use only the network provided unlock codes, which specially made for this purpose. You are requested not to use pattern blocks, PIN/PUK codes, security codes, etc., as they do not serve your purpose. The network provider should not prevent the mobile phone in the event of stolen, lost or misplaced devices.. Our primary goal is to provide our customers with the best service we can. After receiving your order, we strive our best to review it within 24 hours depending on the current amount of orders we have. Once the unlocking process starts, we are no longer able to speed up or cancel/refund your order. We are waiting for the result that we will deliver to you.. We work with mobile carriers from all over the world and wait for their response on each unlocking request we get. In most cases, the process is completed successfully within the average delivery time we suggest. However, some factors do not depend on us. Sometimes, the carrier�s server doesn�t respond, We are not able to complete the order or, hardly ever, our server gets a cyber attack that slows down everything for a particular amount of time. Also, mobile networks like to change the unlocking policy that can affect the unlocking process and have to resubmit it.. If you do not receive unlock code in time, please, feel free to contact us. Our support team will do their best to help you. You are also advised to read the User Agreement where the terms of the delivery time are described in details before you accept it.. We create life, free of troubles by helping you crack the unlock code of your cellphone irrespective of the network provider as well as the location of your sim card it subscribed. We guide you throughout the complete process of unlocking the network codes imposed on your device. We also have an excellent support team that is ready to guide you with all your troubleshooting concerns. Please read the following terms and conditions well, before opting for our service.. We’re so sure that we’ll exceed your expectations with our service that it is 100% guaranteed. We have successfully unlocked 96,500 phones since 2009. Enter your phone model to unlock. We have made it easy for you to search your phone by directly entering the model number.. Main link Home Blog Sitemap Contact Us FAQ'S Return Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions. Popular Brand Unlock ZTE phone Unlock Samsung Phone Unlock iPhone phone Unlock Motorola phone Unlock At&t Phone Unlock Blackberry Phone Unlock Ericsson Phone Unlock G.plus phone Unlock Google Nexus Phone Unlock HTC Phone Unlock Sony phone Unlock LG Phone Unlock Huawei Phone. Popular Model Unlock ZTE mf90 Unlock ZTE mf65 Unlock iPhone 6 Unlock iPhone 6s unlock samsung galaxy SM G360P unlock samsung galaxy SM G550T Unlock LG VS425PP Unlock LG D415 Unlock Motorola XT1527 Unlock Motorola XT1540 Unlock Huawei LYO L02 Unlock Huawei Y6 Elite. Thanks for such a fast unlocking service.my smartphone was barred and it was impossible to use but Now i can use my smartphone anywhere because its now factory unlocked.. Best service and they do what they said i have done two unlocking of SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 3 and they done in time they said..excellent service and good value of money and trust me its not a scam website.. I got the code within the estimated time and guess what? IT WORKS!!!!!!!. Home FAQ'S Return Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Blog Sitemap Contact Us. © 2018 UnlockNinja.com All rights reserved. Website developed by Aphro ECS. 
we're sorry, but you appear to be a bot and we've seen too many requests. we enforce a hard speed limit on requests that appear to come. if you are not a bot but are spoofing one via your browser's user agent. string: please change your user agent string to avoid seeing this message. please wait 6 second(s) and try again.. as a reminder to developers, we recommend that clients make no. request every two seconds to avoid seeing this message.. 
iPhone 6 | 6s Plus Cases. Psssst.....Use Coupon Code Save75 at checkout and get 75% Off!. iPhone 6 | 6s Plus Cases. *Free install kit ships with the purchase of a Full Body protector. Limit 1 Free kit per order. Additional install kits can be purchased HERE. HI-DEF Screen Protector (Dry Install) $8.99 [Subtract -$1.00]. 6 Foot Micro USB 2.0 Data Charging Cable. Your valuable device is important and should be protected. XtremeGuard's protectors are best in class for quality and durability as well as pricing.. XtremeGuard's Shield-Heal™ Technology helps conceal and erase existing scratches on your device and can 'heal' itself from future abuse. XtremeGuard's 60 day satisfaction guarantee is enough alone to set your mind at ease when looking to buy, couple that with the XtremePrices and choosing these protectors becomes a no brainer. Replace your bulky expensive case for an ultra-thin, highly durable full-body wrap which will provide a more sleek 'factory finished' look to your device. XtremeGuard's protectors are not only virtually imperceptible, but they also create more grip so it's easier to hold onto your device. XtremeGuard's massive product line-up can cover virtually any device. If you don't see what you're looking for, let XtremeGuard know. You may inspire a new design. Share your experience with this product. Please write a customer review. * Free install kit included with the purchase of a qualifying Full Body protector. Limit 1 Free kit per order. Additional install kits can be purchased here. If you have any questions please contact customer service for assistance.. We are so confident in the quality of our product that we include both a 60 Day Satisfaction Guarantee and a 120 day Installation Warranty with your purchase.. Originally designed to protect military equipment.. Make XtremeGuard® your first and last purchase for all of your device protection needs!. Clean Work Area Lint Free Cloth (Microfiber) Water Liquid Soap Bowl or container for the soap/water solution Squeegee or Credit Card. How to install XtremeGuard Screen Protector. NOTE: IT WILL TAKE THE PROTECTOR 1-2 DAYS FOR HAZINESS AND ANY BUBBLES FROM THE. DO NOT REMOVE THE PROTECTOR DURING THIS PERIOD.. STEP 1: Remove battery from device if possible. If you have a device that does not have a removable battery (iPhone/iPod) turn off the device. Add a large drop of liquid soap to approximately one cup of water and stir. Water will be used to wet and then position the protector(s). Wash your hands and then soak all of your fingers in the soapy water solution so you do not leave fingerprints. With wet fingers, peel off the backing from the guard, then re-dip your fingers in the solution and completely wet the protector.. STEP 3: Apply and align the guard to your device; softly squeegee out any extra water and use a cloth to soak up excess moisture if necessary.. ** Important Note: As you squeegee out the water the skin will begin to adhere to the phone and will no longer move freely. If the skin is not aligned correctly and has become too sticky to readjust, remove it and start over.. For best results, re-apply coverings as few times as possible.. ** Important Note:** When applying a covering over a rounded surface, you will have to let the over-hanging portion of the protector air dry until proper adhesion can occur. Start by getting the protector correctly positioned on the device. Once the positioning is acceptable, wait while the overhanging edges dry. Impatiently trying to force the edges down prematurely can cause the protector to move out of alignment. Patience is a key factor when covering rounded surfaces. Feel free to set the device down for a few minutes and come back to it later. This entire process could take up to 45 minutes. CAUTION: Even though drying is generally sufficient after only 8 hours, as a precaution, allow the device a full 24 hours of dry time before replacing the battery and powering on.. Sign up for updates on sales + promotions. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Your Account Try Prime Wish List Cart. Your Store Deals Store Gift Cards Sell Help. Electronics Deals Best Sellers TV & Video Camera & Photo Computers & Tablets Cell Phones & Accessories Home Audio & Theatre Car Electronics Musical Instruments Office Electronics & Supplies Wearable Technology Smart Home. 1-24 of over 2,000 results for Electronics :. Zte Grand X4 Unlocked 4G LTE Fingerprint Reader 5.5 inch 13mp Flash 16GB Quad Core Unlocked Z956 Desbloqueado. Only 3 left in stock - order soon.. ZTE Grand X4 Case, [Invisible Armor] Ultra Low-profile, Razor-thin, Resilient, Featherlight Clear TPU Rubber Soft Shell Case/Back Cover. ZTE Grand X4 Case, DISLAND(TM) Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Magnetic Closure Stand Pouch Cover Fashion Wallet Case Cover for ZTE Grand X4,Black. ZTE Grand X4 Case, CoverON® [FlexGuard Series] Slim High Quality Soft Flexible TPU Rubber Phone Cover Case for ZTE Grand X4 - Black. CDN$ 7.99 + CDN$ 4.99 shipping. ZTE Grand X4 Screen Protector, DWaybox 2 Pack Premium HD Clear Tempered Glass Screen Protector Film for ZTE Grand X 4 / ZTE Grand X4 Z956 5.5 Inch. Z850, Smart Phone, Black, 5.0-inch LCD, 1.2GHz, 2GB, 16GB Android 5.1 (Lollipop), Unlocked - English and French only-FBA. CDN$ 119.00 + CDN$ 6.98 shipping. Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. CDN$ 119.00 (4 used &amp new offers). MyBat Cell Phone Case for ZTE Grand X4 - clear. Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. ZTE Grand X4 Hybrid Case DWaybox 2 in 1 Heavy Duty Armor Hard Back Cover Case with kickstand for ZTE Grand X 4 / ZTE Grand X4 Z956 5.5 Inch (Black Plus Gray). Only 8 left in stock - order soon.. ZTE Grand X4 Armor Case DWaybox 2 in 1 Hybrid Heavy Duty Hard Back Cover Case with kickstand for ZTE Grand X 4 / ZTE Grand X4 Z956 5.5 Inch (Gray). ZTE GRAND X4 Case With TJS Tempered Glass Screen Protector Included, Dual Layer Shockproof Tough Brushed Hybrid Armor Drop Protection Case Cover For ZTE GRAND X4 (Black/Black). ZTE Grand X4 Case, ZTE Grand X 4 Case, Fettion Premium PU Leather Wallet Phone Protective Flip Case Cover with Stand Card Holder for ZTE Grand X4 2016 Smartphone (Black). CDN$ 7.98 + CDN$ 5.89 shipping. In stock on March 5, 2018. ZTE Grand X4 Heavy Duty Case DWaybox 2 in 1 Hybrid Armor Hard Back Case Cover with kickstand for ZTE Grand X 4 / ZTE Grand X4 Z956 5.5 Inch (Marsala Red). ZTE Grand X4 Screen Protector, ZTE Blade Spark Screen Protector, CoverON 2 Pack of Slim Fit Tempered Glass Screen Protectors [9H, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Fingerprint] - HD Clear. CDN$ 7.99 + CDN$ 4.99 shipping. ZTE Grand X4 Case, CoverON® [FlexGuard Series] Slim High Quality Soft Flexible TPU Rubber Phone Cover Case for ZTE Grand X4 - Clear. CDN$ 7.99 + CDN$ 4.99 shipping. ZTE Grand X4 Case 5.5” Urspasol Folio Wallet Case [Credit Card Slot] [Synthetic Leather Kickstand Flip Cover] Magnetic Closure with Wrist Strap for ZTE Grand X4 (Blue). ZTE Grand X4 Case, DISLAND(TM) Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Magnetic Closure Stand Pouch Cover Fashion Wallet Case Cover for ZTE Grand X4,Blue. ZTE Grand X4 Case, DISLAND(TM) Flip PU Leather Card Slot Case Magnetic Closure Stand Pouch Cover Fashion Wallet Case Cover for ZTE Grand X4,Brown. ZTE Grand X4 Case, ZUYEE Wallet Case Anti-fall [Built-in Manganese Steel Sheet] [Synthetic Leather Folio Kickstand][ID&Credit Card Slot] Card Holder Cover Holster (Blue). Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. ZTE Grand X4 Case, ZUYEE Wallet Case Anti-fall [Built-in Manganese Steel Sheet] [Synthetic Leather Folio Kickstand][ID&Credit Card Slot] Card Holder Cover Holster (Gray). Only 10 left in stock - order soon.. ZTE GRAND X4 Case With TJS Tempered Glass Screen Protector Included, Dual Layer Shockproof Tough Brushed Hybrid Armor Drop Protection Case Cover For ZTE GRAND X4 (Black/Grey). ZTE Grand X4 Case DWaybox 2 in 1 Hybrid Heavy Duty Armor Hard Back Cover Case with kickstand for ZTE Grand X 4 / ZTE Grand X4 Z956 5.5 Inch (Gold). Only 1 left in stock - order soon.. ZTE Grand X4 Case, Zizo [Static Series] Shockproof [Military Grade Drop Tested] w/ Built-in Kickstand [Impact Resistant] ZTE Z956 / Blade Spark Z971. CDN$ 13.54 CDN$ 30.80 + CDN$ 8.58 shipping. ZTE Grand X 4 Temper Glass, ZTE Grand X4 Ballistic Nano Tempered Glass Screen Protector - Scratch Free Ultra Slim 0.3mm Guard, Temper Glass Gel Case For ZTE Grand X4 , Temper Glass Screen Protector. CDN$ 9.41 + CDN$ 9.98 shipping. ZTE Grand X4 Cover DWaybox 2 in 1 Hybrid Heavy Duty Armor Hard Back Case Cover with kickstand for ZTE Grand X 4 / ZTE Grand X4 Z956 5.5 Inch (Silver). 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. Unlimited FREE Two-Day Shipping, no minimum threshold and more.. Prime members enjoy Free Two-Day Shipping, Free Same-Day or One-Day Delivery to select areas, Prime Video, Prime Music, and more.. Careers Amazon and Our Planet Investor Relations Press Releases Sell on Amazon Amazon Associates Advertise Your Products Independently Publish with Us Amazon.ca Rewards Visa Cardmembers Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter Gift Cards Amazon Cash Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns Are Easy Manage your Content and Devices Customer Service. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market We Believe in Real Food. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 2008-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
