Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Acer Adcom Alcatel Apple Archos Asus BlackBerry Blu Celkon Coolpad Datawind Fly Gionee HTC Huawei iBall iBerry Idea InFocus Intex iVoomi Jivi Karbonn Lava LeEco Lenovo LG Lyf Maxx Mobile Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTS Nokia Obi Oppo Panasonic Philips Ringing Bells Samsung Sony Spice Swipe Videocon Vivo Wickedleak Xiaomi Xolo Yu Zen Ziox Zopo ZTE. Home Mobiles Phone Finder ZTE Blade A3. SPECIFICATIONS USER REVIEWS NEWS. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit. ZTE Blade A3 smartphone was launched in October 2017. The phone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels. The ZTE Blade A3 is powered by 1.4GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6737T processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage that can be expanded up to 128GB via a microSD card. As far as the cameras are concerned, the ZTE Blade A3 packs a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The ZTE Blade A3 runs Android 7.0 and is powered by a 4000mAh non removable battery. It measures 152.00 x 75.80 x 8.20 (height x width x thickness). The ZTE Blade A3 is a dual SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone that accepts Micro-SIM and Micro-SIM. Connectivity options include Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, FM, 3G and 4G. Sensors on the phone include Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope.. ZTE Blade A3 With Dual Selfie Cameras Launched: Price, Specifications. More ZTE mobiles ZTE mobiles price in India. Release date October 2017 Form factor Touchscreen Dimensions (mm) 152.00 x 75.80 x 8.20 Battery capacity (mAh) 4000 Removable battery No Colours Black, Blue. Screen size (inches) 5.50 Touchscreen Yes Resolution 720x1280 pixels. Processor 1.4GHz quad-core Processor make MediaTek MT6737T RAM 3GB Internal storage 32GB Expandable storage Yes Expandable storage type microSD Expandable storage up to (GB) 128. Rear camera 13-megapixel Rear Flash LED Front camera 5-megapixel. Operating System Android 7.0 Skin MiFavor4.2. Wi-Fi Yes GPS Yes Bluetooth Yes NFC No Infrared No USB OTG Yes Headphones 3.5mm FM Yes Number of SIMs 2 SIM 1 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No SIM 2 SIM Type Micro-SIM GSM/CDMA GSM 3G Yes 4G/ LTE Yes Supports 4G in India (Band 40) No. Compass/ Magnetometer No Proximity sensor Yes Accelerometer Yes Ambient light sensor Yes Gyroscope Yes Barometer No Temperature sensor No. Error or missing information? Please let us know. User ratings and reviews for ZTE Blade A3. 0 Out of 5. 5 Star 4 Star 3 Star 2 Star 1 Star. ZTE Blade A3 With Dual Selfie Cameras Launched: Price, Specifications. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Blade V9 ZTE Axon M ZTE Nubia Z17 miniS ZTE Nubia Z17S ZTE Blade A2S ZTE Nubia Z17 Lite ZTE Blade V7 Plus ZTE Small Fresh 5 ZTE Nubia M2 Play ZTE V870 ZTE Nubia Z17 ZTE Blade X Max ZTE Max XL ZTE Blade Max 3 ZTE Nubia Z17 mini ZTE Nubia N2 ZTE Nubia M2 Lite ZTE Nubia M2 ZTE Nubia N1 lite ZTE Blade V8 Lite ZTE Blade V8 Mini ZTE Blade A2 Plus ZTE Hawkeye ZTE Blade V8 ZTE Blade V8 Pro ZTE CYMBAL-T ZTE Axon 7 Max. Motorola Moto G5s Plus vs. Nokia 6 Zte Blade A3 vs. Zte Blade V8 Lite vs. Zte Blade V8 Pro vs. Zte Blade V7 Max Zte Blade A3 vs. Huawei P8 Lite 2017 Zte Blade A3 vs. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Zte Blade A3 vs. Samsung Galaxy J5 2017 vs. Nokia 8 Zte Blade A3 vs. Panasonic Eluga A3 Pro Zte Blade A3 vs. Myphone Uno Zte Blade A3 vs. Panasonic Eluga Ray 500 Zte Blade A3 vs. Zte Zmax Pro Zte Blade A3 vs. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. Samsung phones price list Lyf phones price list Micromax phones price list Sony phones price list Htc phones price list Lenovo phones price list Intex phones price list Lava phones price list Apple phones price list Nokia phones price list Xolo phones price list Lg phones price list Vivo phones price list Oppo phones price list Gionee phones price list Motorola phones price list Blackberry phones price list Xiaomi phones price list. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics ZTE Blade A3 in Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Subject Comments. 
Select the department you want to search in. Sign in Account & Lists Sign in Account & Lists Orders Try Prime Cart. Your Amazon.com Today's Deals Gift Cards Registry Sell Help Disability Customer Support. 1-16 of 171 results for "ZTE Blade A3 (2017)". Horizontal Belt Clip Loops Cell Phone Pouch Case Fits Galaxy J5 J3V J3 Xcover 4 Nokia 3 ZTE Prestige 2, Blade V8 Mini V8 Lite Sony Xperia XA1, XZ, E5 Huawei P9 Alcatel A5 LED, A3, A50. Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. Universal Mini PU Leather Wallet Case Purse w/ Touch Screen Window for Samsung Galaxy S8 / J3 Emerge / A3 (2017) / ZTE Blade A520 / V8 Lite Mini 4.7" 5" + Vangoddy Earbud (Black / Red). USB Type C Cable, YUMQUA 2 Pack 6.6ft Braided USB 3.0 to USB C Charger Cable Fast Charging Cord for ZTE Blade Z Max/Zmax Pro,Samsung Note 8/S8,LG V30,Google Pixel 2,Essential Phone PH-1,Moto Z2 Force. Z983 / Zmax Pro 2/ Blade Spark, Samsung A3 A5 2017 / Note 8/ S8/S8 Plus .... Horizontal Belt Clip Loops Cell Phone Pouch Case Fits Galaxy J5 J3V J3 Xcover 4 Nokia 3 ZTE Prestige 2, Blade V8 Mini V8 Lite Sony Xperia XA1, XZ, E5 Huawei P9 Alcatel A5 LED, A3, A50. Only 5 left in stock - order soon.. Premium Wireless Bluetooth Headphones W/mic Bass HD Stereo Earphones Noise Cancelling IPX7 Sweatproof Earbuds iPhone Samsung iOS Android 4.1 Headset Running Sports Gym Workout by ProTechWorld, Black. S8+, A3 , A5, A7 ( 2017 ), C5, C7 ... LTE, Z4, ZTE Axon 7s, Blade A2 Plus .... Vertical Belt Clip Loops Cell Phone Pouch Case Fits Galaxy J5 J3V J3 Xcover 4 Nokia 3 ZTE Prestige 2, Blade V8 Mini V8 Lite Sony Xperia XA1, XZ, E5 Huawei P9 Alcatel A5 LED, A3, A50. Only 8 left in stock - order soon.. Vertical Belt Clip Loops Cell Phone Pouch Case Fits Galaxy Note 8 C9 Pro HTC U Ultra ZTE Grand X Max 2 Max XL Zmax Pro Blade Max 3 X Max Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Xperia XA1 Ultra Dual Xperia XA Ultra. Only 8 left in stock - order soon.. USB Type C Cable, Asstar 4 Pack1 FT/30CM Cable Durable Nylon Braided USB-C Fast Charging Cord for Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus, Nexus 6P 5X, Google Pixel, LG G5 V20, HTC 10 and More. Samsung Galaxy A5 2017, Galaxy A3 2017 , Honor 8 8S V8 V9, NEXUS 6P 5X .... USB 3.0 Type-C Cable for Samsung S8, S8 Plus, A5, A7 (2017), Moto Z, LG V20, G6, Google Pixel XL, HTC 11, U Play, ZTE Axon 7, USB-C Charge and Sync Cord for Type C Phones (Black 1M). 30% off item with purchase of 1 items See Details. Tablet, Moto Z, Samsung Galaxy A3 ( 2017 ), A5 (2017), A7 (2017), Google .... USB Type C (USB-C) to USB 3.0 Type A Charge and Sync Cable for Samsung Galaxy S8, A5, A7 (2017), LG G6, V20, G5, Google Pixel XL, Moto Z, HTC 11, Bolt, Sony Xperia XZ and Type-C Phones (White 1M). 30% off item with purchase of 1 items See Details. Pixel, Pixel XL, Samsung Galaxy A3 ( 2017 ), A5 (2017), A7 (2017), Moto Z .... Nylon Horizontal Belt Clip Loop Phone Pouch Case Fits Galaxy Note 8 C9 Pro HTC U Ultra ZTE Grand X Max 2 Max XL Zmax Pro Blade Max 3 X Max Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Xperia XA1 Ultra Dual Xperia XA Ultra. Only 7 left in stock - order soon.. Horizontal Belt Clip Loops Cell Phone Pouch Case Fits Galaxy Note 8 C9 Pro HTC U Ultra ZTE Grand X Max 2 Max XL Zmax Pro Blade Max 3 X Max Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra Xperia XA1 Ultra Dual Xperia XA Ultra. Only 6 left in stock - order soon.. Universal Mini PU Leather Wallet Case Purse w/ Touch Screen Window for Samsung Galaxy S8 / J3 Emerge / A3 (2017) / ZTE Blade A520 / V8 Lite Mini 4.7" 5" + Vangoddy Earbud (Pink / Coral). Fits Apple ZTE Samsung Universal Smart Cell Phone Rose Gold Adhesive Ring Stand. Only 8 left in stock - order soon.. 6th), ZTE Z835 Maven 3, Overture 3, Majesty Pro Plus, Z982 ( Blade Z .... caseroxx Smartphone Case Business-Line Case ZTE Blade A3 (2017) in blue. Product Features Business-Line Case for the ZTE Blade A3 ( 2017. caseroxx Smartphone Case Business-Line Case ZTE Blade A3 (2017) in black. Product Features Business-Line Case for the ZTE Blade A3 ( 2017. 4 Stars & Up & Up. 3 Stars & Up & Up. 2 Stars & Up & Up. 1 Star & Up & Up. All customers get FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. There's a problem loading this menu right now.. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books.. Careers About Amazon Investor Relations Amazon Devices. Sell on Amazon Sell Your Services on Amazon Sell on Amazon Business Sell Your Apps on Amazon Become an Affiliate Advertise Your Products Self-Publish with Us › See all. Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards Amazon.com Store Card Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line Shop with Points Credit Card Marketplace Reload Your Balance Amazon Currency Converter. Your Account Your Orders Shipping Rates & Policies Amazon Prime Returns & Replacements Manage Your Content and Devices Amazon Assistant Help. Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon. 6pm Score deals on fashion brands. AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles. ACX Audiobook Publishing Made Easy. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Amazon Business Everything For Your Business. AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door. AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally. Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. Amazon Rapids Fun stories for kids on the go. Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy. Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services. Audible Download Audio Books. AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc. Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide. Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data. ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics. CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy. DPReview Digital Photography. East Dane Designer Men's Fashion. Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting. Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations. IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities. IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need. Junglee.com Shop Online in India. Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy. Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items. Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools. Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts. Whole Foods Market America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Woot! Deals and Shenanigans. Zappos Shoes & Clothing. Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East. Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services. Conditions of Use Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads © 1996-2018, Amazon.com, Inc. 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 39(1900), 40(2300), 41(2500). 152.4 x 75.8 x 8.2 mm (6.00 x 2.98 x 0.32 in). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.5 inches, 83.4 cm 2 (~72.2% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~267 ppi density). 13 MP, autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash. Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. Dual: 5 MP + 2 MP, LED flash. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. ZTE Blade A3 - user opinions and reviews. Well, it's not bad, but let me tell you that for the same price you can get a #xiaomi Redmi 4/5 series for example - with better hardware.. For 150 eur its a brilliant phone. Other phones from other more known brands cost much more and offer a much less.. Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. ZTE Blade A6 ZTE Zmax Pro ZTE Blade A520 Vodafone Smart V8 Apple iPhone X Apple iPhone 7. ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Axon 7 ZTE nubia Z17s ZTE Axon 9 ZTE nubia Z17. 
News Review Phones Xiaomi Huawei Meizu nubia OnePlus OPPO vivo ZTE All Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. $121.46 Brand: ZTE Category: Mobiles. RAM 2GB | 3GB. Storage 16GB | 32GB (w/ MicroSD Expansion). Camera 13 MP (Rear) & 5 MP + 2 MP (Front). Battery Android 7.0 (Nougat). The overall rating is based on review by our editors. 6.9 3.5 1. Design 7 / 10. Display 7 / 10. Camera 6 / 10. Features 7 / 10. Connectivity 7 / 10. Usability 7 / 10. Performance 6 / 10. Battery 8 / 10. All videos or content not watermarked by GizmoChina are. used under ‘Fair Use’ for discussion and referencing.. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. CPU The main chipset of the device.. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Memory Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Fingerprint Sensor (Rear), Accelerometer, Proximity, Ambient Light. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. User Interface UI or user interface of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface.. Rear Camera Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n (w/ Wi-Fi Direct). GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. 4G LTE 4G LTE bands. ZTE Blade A3 - REVIEWS Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Features: What do you feel about the features of this device, is these enough for you in everyday life? Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Usability: What do you feel about usability and speed of UI (user interface), messaging, calling, contacts management, call history, notifications and internet browsing? Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. ZTE V870 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Blade A330 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Axon 7s 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Nubia Z17 Mini S 0 Reviews View specs →. Nubia Z11 mini S 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Blade V8 Mini 0 Reviews View specs →. New Arrivals LG X300 LG X Power 2 ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Blade V9 Vita (Rumored) Nokia 8 Sirocco (Rumored) Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos (Rumored). News Review Phones Giveaway Deals Shop Forums. 
The next video is starting stop. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. The interactive transcript could not be loaded.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Zte Blade A3 Прошивка Pac http://sin.rovec.ru/Zte%20Blade%20A3%... Демонстрация процесса прошивки смартфона ZTE Blade AF3 прошивкой в формате. Нужна прошивка или слитый фулл в формате. ZTE Blade AF3 - обновление по "воздуху" до версии. Есть возможность для владельцев смартфона ZTE Blade AF3 обновить. Чтоб Полная Прошивка Смартфона Zte Blade Af3 Прошивкой В Формате Pac на свой смартфон Android или iOS. Hard Reset и Прошивка ZTE Blade. Micromax Q415 > Sony Xperia C3 Dual > Samsung Galaxy A3 SM-A300FDS Там находится прошивка в формате PAC — Blade_AF3_v1. Данная прошивка может отличаться разметкой памяти от стандартной стоковой прошивки ZTE Blade. ZTE Blade A3 — Официальная прошивка OS. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Hard Reset and Firmware upgrade ZTE Blade A3. Xiaomi Mi Band 2 обзор и прошивка браслета - имя звонящего и дата кириллицей без пробелов. Прошивка-порт от Micromax Q335 на смартфоне ZTE Blade AF3 (НОВОЕ). FOOD KING [Nailed It!] - Tacos. Billionaire Bill Gates Guesses Grocery Store Prices. 【ENG SUB 全球】《歌手2018》第6期 20180216 ：华晨宇改编周杰伦神曲《双截棍》 张韶涵创意混编走心演绎The Singer EP6【湖南卫视官方频道】. Incredibles 2 - Olympics Sneak Peek. 直播回看：2018中央电视台春节联欢晚会（完整版） | 2018 CCTV Spring Festival Gala. 周杰倫 Jay Chou (with 楊瑞代)【等你下課 Waiting For You】導演版MV. 14 Types of People on Whatsapp in Real Life!. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Pdevice.com: Review, Specification, Price, Compare, Tech News & Details of Mobile Phone and Electronics Gadget Online. How to check that all the Device Drivers are installed properly…. How to select your Mouse Primary Button Left or Right in…. How to Managed Bluetooth Device (Turned on and Off) on Your…. How to Uninstall, Installed Driver from Windows 10 PC using Device…. ZTE Blade A3 (2017) Smartphone Full Specification. Processor (Clock) : Quad-Core 1.5GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Memory : 3GB LPDDR3, 733MHz. Screen (Size & Type) : 5.5 inches HD, IPS. OS Version : Android 7.0 Nougat with MiFavor 4.2. The product overall rating and highlights is based on review by our technical experts. All ratings have been selected out of 10.. Body & Design (look and feel). Model – Blade A3 (2017). Device Type – Android 4G Phablet. CPU – Quad-Core 1.5GHz ARM Cortex-A53. Chipset – MediaTek MT6737T, 64-bit Processor. GPU – ARM Mali-T720 MP2, 600MHz, 2-Cores GPU. Camera – 13MP with Single-LED and AF Rear Camera | 5MP+2MP Dual Front Camera with LED Flash. Memory – RAM- 3GB LPDDR3, 833MHz. | ROM 32GB External Memory Supports Up to 128GB. Display – Screen size 5.5 inches IPS, LCD HD Display (1280 x 720 Pixels). Battery – Non-Removable 4,000 mAh Lithium-Polymer. SIM – Dual SIM (Nano-SIM + Nano-SIM), Dual Standby. Sensors – Proximity Sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient Light, Fingerprint. Operating System – Android 7.0 Nougat with MiFavor 4.2. I/O Interface – 2 x Nano SIM Card Slot, 1 x microSD Card Slot, Micro USB Port, Audio Out Port, Power Button, Volume Button, Microphone, Speaker. 152 mm x 75.8 mm x 8.2 mm. Weight – 138 Grams (With Battery). More Feature – Plastic Body Design, LTE Cat4 150 Mbps Download, 50 Mbps Upload, EV-DO Rev.A (1.8 Mbps Upload, 3.1 Mbps Download), Loudspeaker, Computer Sync, OTA Sync, GPS, VoLTE Support, HD IPS Display, Tethering, Rounded Edges, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, OTG Support, 16:9 Display Aspect Ratio, 2.5D Curved Glass Screen, Multi-language Support.. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Each device built on different configuration and platform or operating so here we have divided the devices on their operating system such as Android, Windows, iOS etc. Device brand including their model number,. The initial public announcement by a company or brand for its upcoming gadgets or device with few or full information till its release date.. The release date is the date in which a release was made available through some sort of distribution mechanism. For example, this may be via a online or offline retail store, being published as a available to sale on a website or distributed to industry insiders. the device is available in the market, upcoming device or the company or brand have close the productivity of gadgets. Design Type is a combination of smartphone's size, style, dimensions, weight, color, layout. Mainly there are three types of form factors seen in mobile phones and other computing devices such as bar phones, folding phones, and sliding phones. height, width, and length of the computing device measures in mm, cm. 152 mm x 75.8 mm x 8.2 mm. Display Technology => There are number of display technology available for computing devices such as TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an advanced version of AMOLED) and there are two types of touchscreen displays Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens not only works with human skin but also with stylus pen) and Capacitive Touchscreen (only work with human skin). Display size of each computing device is measured diagonally in inches, cm, or mm. Display Colors refer to the number of different shades of colors that the device screen is capable of displaying mostly there is three display color - 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors used and 16M is the highest available range of colors and better than others.16M display color used in more advanced computing device such as Smartphone , Tablet or Gaming console while the 256K or 64K colors are used for basic handset and entry level computing devices.. Information about the number of pixels per inch of the device screen. The higher the pixels density of any device, the more detailed and clearer content (Image, Video,Graphics, etc) will be shown on the display. Display Protection => is must have feature for all computing device, especially in Smartphone segment there is different-different technology for protecting the display from scratches, drops, water, dust, and bumps of everyday use.Most common display protection technology are corning gorilla glass, Tempered glass, Scratch resistant glass, Full lamination technology, OGS, and More. So whenever you buy a new device you should always consider the smartphone having display protection feature.. Display supports various kind of features such as Contrast ratio, NTSC, 2.5D curved glass, OLED, AMOLED and more features. Some device comes with second display feature along with primary display, usually found in mobile phone. Screen to Body Ratio shows the total number of area covered by the gadget display, if the % is higher it's good for users.. 1280x720 Pixels, 24 bit color depth. ~ 267 PPI Pixel Per Inch. ~ 267 PPI, Pixel Per Inch. Supported Camera Type in the device, dual or single camera. Primary Camera is usually placed on the back side of Smartphone to capture photos and videos. The main attribute of camera are the resolution (measured in Megapixels), lens focus type (automatic or manual). High megapixels mobile can take higher quality pictures and videos but it does not always the quality parameter as there are other factors also responsible for high-quality picture so we can't predict the camera quality by just looking at its megapixels. Good Camera plays important role for any Gadgets it comes with many features such as Autofocus, Continuous shooting, Digital image stabilization, Digital zoom, Face detection, Geotagging, HDR ISO settings, Panorama, Scene mode, Self-timer, Touch focus, White balance settings, PDAF etc. Flash Light => Flashlight are very important in camera for enhancing the picture quality in low-light condition.LED Flash and Xenon Flash are two most common flashlights are used in mobile phones.LED flashlight provides lower power consumption with drive circuitry which takes up little room and can be strobed faster than any other light Source while the Xenon Flash offers an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration. secondary camera or front camera in the device like selfies camera in Smartphone, the user can click his own photo using this camera. Triple Camera Set UP (Two Front + One Back). 5 Megapixels + 2 Megapixels with F2.2 Aperture, LED Flash. Chipset is the main part of any computing device such as Mobile, Laptop, Smartwatch, Camera, Tablet etc each one runs on a chipset or SoC which includes CPU, GPU, and Cache memory.Chipset is integrated circuit designed to perform some specific task and popular devices come with more advanced chipset which can perform many different tasks according to their design and programming capabilities. CPU Central Processing Unit or processors,its main function is to interpret and execute instructions in the computing device .Mostly we measure CPU capacity in GHz or MHz with the number of the core such as 2-core, 4-core, 8-core, 10-core etc.Always look for high-power processor first whenever you will purchase a new device. Number of Cores for processor on the device. GPU Stands for Graphics Processing Unit is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly rapid mathematical calculations, primarily for the purpose of rendering images, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion and it is also responsible for high-performance gaming graphics a good GPU always have such kind of power to control the gaming graphics.The common GPU for mobile devices are Qualcomm Adreno, Intel HD graphics, PowerVR, ARM-Mlai etc. RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, and used by Operating system and installed application in the computing device data in the RAM temporarily stored means it will be lost whenever the device is turn off or restarted. Internal Storage also known as secondary memory or ROM is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other content stored.There two types of internal memory expansion expandable and non-expandable. Cache Memory is also known as CPU memory having large cache memory improve the performance of the device.Cache memory is categorized as levels such as Level 1 (L1) cache, Level 2 (L2) cache, and Level 3 (L3) cache. Memory Speed measured in MHz or GHz. External Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's internal storage, A memory card is a small storage memory used to store content such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras. Sensors are electronic components which increased the functionality of any computing device in which they are embedded sensors detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. ARM Mali-T720 MP2, 600MHz, 2-Cores GPU. 32 Kb + 32 Kb (L1 Cache Memory), 512 Kb (L2 Cache Memory). Yes Support External Memory Up to 128GB. Each mobile device works on the wireless network and these networks are divided into different category such as 2G, 3G, 4G further they are subdivided into the category like GSM, UMTS, LTE on different bands. 2G stands for the second-generation wireless telephone network.It works on Standard like GSM, D-AMPS, PDC.2G Networks supports Digital voice services and slow data transmission (2.5G (GPRS) or 2.75G (EDGE) ) but these networks are faster than analog (1G) systems. 3G stands for the third generation wireless telephone network in compare of 2G it supports faster data speed, always-on data access, better voice transmission capacity.UMTS,WCDMA, Ev-Do are the main standard of 3G technology. 4G stands for the fourth generation of wireless telephone network it is more efficient and faster in terms of data rate, voice transmission and it is very different technology in compare of 3G.The most common standard are LTE (Long Term Evolution) and Mobile WiMAX. SIM stands for Subscriber Identity Module which securely stores subscriber's information such as phone numbers and text messages. Users can easily switch SIM card from one mobile set to another. SIM card is responsible for communication among several mobile devices using different kinds of networks such as GSM, UMTS, LTE etc. Smartphone comes with Single SIM or Dual SIM slot.. GSM : 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. UMTS : 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. LTE : 850 / 900 / 1800 / 2100 / 2600 MHz. LTE-TDD : 1900 MHz (Band 39). LTE-TDD : 2300 MHz (Band 40). LTE-TDD : 2500 MHz (Band 41). LTE-TDD : 2600 MHz (Band 38). OS => Operating System responsible for all basic operations of the device ( smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers, drones, smartwatch and other handheld devices). The Operating System manages and controls the functions of the hardware components of the computing device. There are numbers of OS such as Android, Windows, iOS, BlackBerry and more. UI or user interface (f human–machine interaction) of a device is the look and feel of the on-screen menu system. How it works, its color scheme, how it responds to button presses, all of these things are part of the user interface. Facebook its no 1 popular free social networking site which allows users to create a free account and adds your friends or family in your social list to chat with them, upload photos, videos, video chat and send messages via the internet and keep in touch with friends,Each Smartphone supports Facebook app. Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch. Twitter is global microblogging social media website, you can use twitter application on your smartphone, tablet. Microblogging is a broadcast medium that exists in the form of blogging. A microblog differs from a traditional blog in that its content is typically smaller in both actual and aggregated file size. Gmail, Google Play Store, Google Maps, Flashlight, Clock, Calendar, Calculator, World Clock, Sound Recorder, Vas Apps. Multimedia Features (Audio, Video and Images). Which type of audio playback supported by the device as there are number of audio format such as WAV, AAC, AMR, MP3, WMA, MIDI, FLAC, etc. FM is a VHF broadcasting technology which uses frequency modulation (FM) to transfer sound over the broadcasting radio. Alert types are types of sound which notify the users when someone sends notifications like a phone call, message, email etc. Yes Support WAV, AAC+, OGG, FLAC, MIDI, WMA, MP3, AMR, AAC, eAAC+. Yes Support 3GP, H.264, MKV, MOV, DivX, AVI, WMV, FLV, MP4, H.263. Yes Support BMP, GIF, JPEG, PNG. Yes With 3.5 mm Audio Jack Support. Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology which provides wireless data connection between various device using radio waves it uses the IEEE 802.11 stands for communication. USB required for transfer or sync the data from one computing device to another such as from Smartphone to computer. Bluetooth is wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, personal computers and other network devices over brief distances without wiring, Bluetooth technology was mostly designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices. There are different-different types of Bluetooth Profile (A2DP, HID, LE etc) available in each device for exchanging different content within a short distance.. GPS Stands for Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation technology using it users can track their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, the most common GPS technology are GPS and the GLONASS. NFC stands for Near field communication is a set of short-range wireless communication standards for smartphones and similar computing devices to establish peer-to-peer (P2P) radio communications with each other by touching them together.It works on smaller range around 10cm. HDMI Stands for (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) most commonly used for. transferring video data and digital audio data from a HDMI- device (Smartphone, Tablet, Laptop) to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device. Infrared (IR) connectivity is an old wireless technology which uses an infrared light to transfer information between two electronic devices over short-range. Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, Wi-Fi HotSpot. Micro USB 2.0 with OTG Charging and Mass Storage Function. Yes Bluetooth v4.0 with Following Profile Profile. GPRS GPRS stands for General Packet Radio Service it is also known as GSM-IP is global system mobile communications internet protocol which works in 2G and 3G cellular networks.It provides data speed up to 40 kbps which enable mobile devices to access the internet at a Similar speed of dial-up modem and it is used for wireless data transfer like sharing pictures, text, video or browse the internet via mobile phone connection. EDGE (Enhanced Data Rate for GSM Environment) also known as also known as Enhanced GPRS or EGPRS is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection. Data Speed supports by any computing device such as Smartphone, Tablet, Computer, Laptop etc mostly it measured in Mbps (Mega bit per second).A good device always supports faster data speed. Web Browser => used to access information on the world wide web such as text, image, video, audio here we have listed some of the common browsers supported by the device.. LTE Cat 4 150 Mbps Download, 50 Mbps Upload, EV-DO Rev.A 1.8 Mbps Upload, 3.1 Mbps Download. Google Chrome, Opera Mini, Support WAP, HTML, HTML5 Browsers. SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service through which users can send text messages up to 160-224 characters to mobile devices such as cell phone, smartphone, and PDAs. MMS stands for Multimedia Messaging Service and it is used for sending multimedia message from one device to another device such as audio clips, video clips, images, text.. Email Email Stands for Electronic mail which used for sending and storing message it just like sending a physical letter.The user can send text messages, images, and other attachments to the recipient using the internet. You can create your account with Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail or any other without any cost and its necessary to receive any message over internet and email address is unique to each user. IM stands for Instant Messaging is an exchange of text messages through a software application in real time, it enable users to create a kind of private chat room (for example Yahoo! Messenger and Apple's iChat ) with another user in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. SMS, MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM, Hangouts. Battery Type => The battery is most important part of any electronics device and they powered by different-different kind of battery such as there are basically four types of cell phone batteries Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium. Battery Capacity which measure typically in Amp-hr which tells users that how much of the charge stored by the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of power that can be run any computing device under certain conditions. A good battery always provides consistent power but it also depends on the quality of device, processor, and design. Standby Time is the longest time a phone can remain in the power during single battery charge while the device will not be in active use but constantly connected to the GSM network.. Talk Time is the total time a battery can power a phone under perfect conditions, talk time requires more power and much shorter than standby time. Music play time of the device in hours. The capacity of battery to play video on device. Time interval between charging a battery from 0 to 100%. Package Contents: What Accessories is included with this device when you Buy This item from Store,. What is inside the package box.. User Reviews and Discussion about Gadget. Be the first to add a Review. Body & Design (look and feel):. is this price is good for this device or not. 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. You May Be Interested in Other Models from ZTE. ZTE V3 Energy Edition Smartphone Full Specification. ZTE Grand X4 Smartphone Full Specification. ZTE ZFive L LTE Smartphone Full Specification. ZTE Blade D Lux Smartphone Full Specification. ZTE Blade A612 Smartphone Full Specification. ZTE Blade Force Smartphone Full Specification. Gadgets Finder – Search Gadget Here. Up to 50% Off On Mobile Phone. LG V30S+ ThniQ Smartphone Full Specification. LG V30S ThniQ Smartphone Full Specification. ZTE Tempo Go Smartphone Full Specification. Ulefone T2 Pro Smartphone Full Specification. ZTE Blade V9 Vita Smartphone Full Specification. LG Signature Edition Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S9 Exynos Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950K Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G950FD Dual SIM Smartphone Full Specification. Google Pixel XL Smartphone Full Specification. Samsung Galaxy S8 G9500 Smartphone Full Specification. Huawei Enjoy 8 vs Elephone S8 Comparison. Huawei Mate SE vs Energizer Power Max P16K Pro Comparison. Coolpad Roar 5 vs UMIDIGI S2 Comparison. LG K10 (2018) vs Vernee Mix 2 Comparison. MGCOOL Band 3 Companion App Helps You to Carve More. Samsung Galaxy J7 Neo Smartphone Full Specification. JGAURORA A5 Updated Large Printing Size 3D Printer Just for $359.99 – GearBest Coupon. VOYO i7 Notebook with i7 6500U, 8GB RAM Just for $599.32, Flat $40 GearBest Promo Code. Xiaomi YI 4K+ Action Camera 60fps 120Mbps Only for $249.99, Geekbuying Coupon Code. XDUOO Nano D3 Lossless Music MP3 HiFi Music Player GearBest $6.91 Promo Code. Xiaomi Mi 6 Smartphone with 5.2 inch Display, MIUI 8, Snapdragon 835 Chip Just for $409, GearBest Coupon Code. HBQ – I7 TWS Bluetooth Stereo Double Headsets HD Call for $15.39, GearBest Coupon Code. News 357 How to 252 Samsung 65 Coupons & Deals 63 Xiaomi 39 Apple 36 LG 35 Huawei 35. We Suggest You The Best Smartphone with Great Features. Brand Name (specific brand gadget you want). www.pdevice.com is one of the most useful and informative website where you will get tech news, gadget info such as review and specification, price, compare, site about Smartphone,Tablets, Laptops, smartwatch, vr headset tech specs and lot more about electronics gadgets all around the globe. We provide you with the latest information about electronics gadgets , tips and tricks about gadgets .. © Copyright © 2018 - www.pdevice.com. 
Home Shop MWC News Reviews Features Opinions Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Podcasts Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS. Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी. Home Mobiles Mobiles News. ZTE Blade A3 With Dual Selfie Cameras Launched: Price, Specifications. Ketan Pratap , 31 October 2017. Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Comment. ZTE Blade A3 is priced at CNY 799 in China. It will be going on sale from November 6. It sports 5-megapixel and a 2-megapixel secondary camera at the front. ZTE Blade A3 price ZTE Blade A3 Specifications. Chinese handset maker ZTE has unveiled its latest Blade A3 smartphone in its homeland. The company is heavily marketing the ZTE Blade A3 as a selfie smartphone and is targeting selfie-obsessed users in China. The handset sports dual selfie cameras which is its biggest highlight. Apart from selfie cameras, the ZTE Blade A3 packs a massive battery as well.. The new Blade A3 is now up for pre-orders in China from JD.com and ZTE's own online store. Priced at CNY 799 (roughly Rs. 7,800), the new Blade A3 will be available to buy starting November 6. It will be available in Glacier Blue and Obsidian Black colours. As of now, there's no word whether the ZTE Blade A3 will be made available outside China.. The new ZTE Blade A3 is powered by a quad-core MediaTek MT6737T processor clocked at 1.45GHz coupled with 3GB of RAM. It will come with 32GB on board storage and will support expandable storage via microSD card (up to 128GB). It features a 5.5-inch TFT display with 720x1280 pixel screen resolution and will sport 2.5D curved glass on top.. On the camera front, it sports a 13-megapixel rear camera with LED flash. There are 5-megapixel and 2-megapixel sensors at the front offering features like bokeh effect. The dual-SIM handset packs a large 4000mAh battery. The Blade A3 packs 3.5mm audio jack. It also supports USB OTG and comes with 4G (and VoLTE). It runs on MiFavor4.2 based on Android 7.0 Nougat.. For the latest smartphone launches by Samsung, Nokia, Sony, Asus, and other MWC 2018 announcements, visit our MWC hub .. ZTE Blade A3 With Dual Selfie Cameras Launched: Price, Specifications. More ZTE mobiles ZTE mobiles price in India. Further reading: Android , Mobiles , ZTE , ZTE Blade A3 , ZTE Blade A3 Price , ZTE Blade A3 Specifications , ZTE Mobiles. Ketan Pratap Email Ketan. Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. PhonePe Launches Calculator-like Smart POS Device, Works Without Internet. iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus Being Sold With Discounts in China Ahead of iPhone X Launch. ZTE Blade A3 With Dual Selfie Cameras Launched: Price, Specifications. Samsung Galaxy S9 और Galaxy S9+ स्मार्टफोन लॉन्च. Nokia 1 एंड्रॉयड गो स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च. LG V30S ThinQ के साथ MWC 2018 में एलजी ने दी दस्तक. Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Launched: What's New?. Why Game of Thrones Creators Writing Star Wars Might Be a Bad, Bad Idea. Design by User Feedback? The Customer Isn't Always Right. PS4 Is a Best-Seller but Here Are 4 Reasons It's Far From Perfect. This Is When the New Nokia Phones Will Launch in India Final Fantasy XV to Get New Episodes Until 2019 Vivo Unveils Concept Phone With Half-Screen Fingerprint Scanning at MWC Metal Gear Survive Has a Hidden Message, This Is What It Could Mean Canon EOS 1500D, EOS 3000D Entry-Level DSLRs Launched in India BSNL Partners Nokia for Rollout of 4G VoLTE Services Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Huawei Launches Windows Laptop and Android Tablet at MWC 2018. Nokia 7 Plus Is an Android One Phone With Dual Rear Cameras, Zeiss Optics Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ Pre-Orders Now Open in India Samsung Galaxy S9, Galaxy S9+ With Improved Cameras, AR Emoji Launched Nokia 7 Plus vs Nokia 7 Sony Xperia XZ2, Xperia XZ2 Compact With 18:9 Displays Launched at MWC Nokia 8110 4G Is a 'Slider' Feature Phone With Google, Facebook Apps OnePlus 5, OnePlus 5T HD Content Streaming Issue Fixed, With a Catch Mi MIX 2S With Snapdragon 845 Confirmed by Xiaomi; Launching on March 27 Sony Unveils Xperia Ear Duo to Answer Apple AirPods, Samsung Gear IconX Vodafone to Offer 4.5GB Data Per Day for 28 Days at Rs. Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi. © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2018. Fields marked with * are mandatory. 
Home › ZTE › Blade A3 (2017) ZTE Blade A3 (2017) - Specifications. Most recent comparisons including ZTE Blade A3 (2017) List of the latest comparisons made by the website visitors, which include ZTE Blade A3 (2017) Last viewed devices List of mobile devices, whose specifications have been recently viewed.. Width Height Thickness Weight Write a review. Specifications Display Camera CPU Battery Prices 1. Dimensions : 75.8 x 152 x 8.2 mm Weight : 164 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737T CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1500 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP2, 600 MHz, Cores : 2 RAM : 3 GB, 733 MHz Storage : 32 GB Memory cards : microSD, microSDHC, microSDXC Display : 5.5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 4000 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps SIM card : Nano-SIM Wi-Fi : b, g, n, Wi-Fi Hotspot, Wi-Fi Direct USB : 2.0, Micro USB Bluetooth : 4.1 Positioning : GPS, A-GPS. Brand and model Information about the brand, model and model alias (if any) of a specific device. Brand ZTE Model Blade A3 (2017) Design Information about the dimensions and weight of the device, shown in different measurement units. Width 75.8 mm (millimeters) 7.58 cm (centimeters) 0.25 ft (feet) 2.98 in (inches) Height 152 mm (millimeters) 15.2 cm (centimeters) 0.5 ft (feet) 5.98 in (inches) Thickness 8.2 mm (millimeters) 0.82 cm (centimeters) 0.03 ft (feet) 0.32 in (inches) Weight 164 g (grams) 0.36 lbs (pounds) 5.8 oz (ounces) Volume 94.48 cm³ (cubic centimeters) 5.74 in³ (cubic inches) Colors Black Blue Body materials Plastic SIM card The Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) is used in mobile devices for storing data authenticating the subscribers of mobile services. SIM card type Nano-SIM (4FF - fourth form factor, since 2012, 12.30 x 8.80 x 0.67 mm) Number of SIM cards 2 Features Dual SIM stand-by (Both cards are active. When one is busy, the other is not active) Networks A mobile (cellular) network is a radio system, which allows a large number of mobile devices to communicate with each other. GSM GSM 850 MHz GSM 900 MHz GSM 1800 MHz GSM 1900 MHz CDMA CDMA 800 MHz TD-SCDMA TD-SCDMA 1880-1920 MHz TD-SCDMA 2010-2025 MHz UMTS UMTS 850 MHz UMTS 900 MHz UMTS 1900 MHz UMTS 2100 MHz LTE LTE 850 MHz LTE 900 MHz LTE 1800 MHz LTE 2100 MHz LTE 2600 MHz LTE-TDD 1900 MHz (B39) LTE-TDD 2300 MHz (B40) LTE-TDD 2500 MHz (B41) LTE-TDD 2600 MHz (B38) Mobile network technologies and bandwidth Communication between devices within mobile networks is realized via various generations of network technologies, which provide different bandwidth. Mobile network technologies UMTS (384 kbit/s ) EDGE GPRS HSPA+ LTE Cat 4 (51.0 Mbit/s , 150.8 Mbit/s ) EV-DO Rev. A (1.8 Mbit/s , 3.1 Mbit/s ) TD-SCDMA TD-HSDPA Operating system Operating system is the system software, which manages and controls the functioning of the hardware components of the device. Operating system (OS) Android 7.0 Nougat User interface (UI) MiFavor 4.2 System on Chip (SoC) A system on a chip (SoC) includes into a single chip some of the main hardware components of the mobile device. SoC MediaTek MT6737T Process technology 28 nm (nanometers) CPU ARM Cortex-A53 CPU bits 64 bit Instruction set ARMv8-A Level 1 cache memory (L1) 32 KB + 32 KB (kilobytes) Level 2 cache memory (L2) 512 KB (kilobytes) 0.5 MB (megabytes) CPU cores 4 CPU frequency 1500 MHz (megahertz) GPU ARM Mali-T720 MP2 GPU cores 2 GPU frequency 600 MHz (megahertz) RAM capacity 3 GB (gigabytes) RAM type LPDDR3 RAM channels Single channel RAM frequency 733 MHz (megahertz) Storage Every mobile device has a built-in storage (internal memory) with a fixed capacity. Storage 32 GB (gigabytes) Memory cards Memory cards are used in mobile devices for expanding their external storage capacity. Types microSD microSDHC microSDXC Display The display of a mobile device is characterized by its technology, resolution, pixel density, diagonal length, color depth, etc. Type/technology IPS Diagonal size 5.5 in (inches) 139.7 mm (millimeters) 13.97 cm (centimeters) Width 2.7 in (inches) 68.49 mm (millimeters) 6.85 cm (centimeters) Height 4.79 in (inches) 121.76 mm (millimeters) 12.18 cm (centimeters) Aspect ratio 1.778:1 16:9 Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels Pixel density 267 ppi (pixels per inch) 104 ppcm (pixels per centimeter) Color depth 24 bit 16777216 colors Display area 72.61 % (percent) Other features Capacitive Multi-touch 2.5D curved glass screen Sensors Different sensors measure different physical quantities and convert them into signals recognizable by the mobile device. Sensors Proximity Light Accelerometer Fingerprint Primary camera The primary camera of the mobile device is usually placed at its back and is used for taking photos and recording videos. Sensor type CMOS (complementary metal-oxide semiconductor) Flash type LED Image resolution 4160 x 3120 pixels 12.98 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1920 x 1080 pixels 2.07 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Features Autofocus Continuous shooting Digital zoom Geotagging Panorama HDR Touch focus Face detection White balance settings ISO settings Exposure compensation Self-timer Scene mode Phase detection Secondary camera Secondary cameras are placed above the screen of the device and are usually used for video calls, gesture recognition, etc. Aperture f/2.2 Image resolution 2592 x 1944 pixels 5.04 MP (megapixels) Video resolution 1280 x 720 pixels 0.92 MP (megapixels) Video FPS 30 fps (frames per second) Secondary front camera - 2 MP Audio Information about the type of speakers and the audio technologies supported by the device. Speaker Loudspeaker Earpiece Radio The radio in a mobile device is a built-in FM radio receiver. Radio Yes Tracking/Positioning Information about the positioning and navigation technologies supported by the device. Tracking/Positioning GPS A-GPS Wi-Fi Wi-Fi is a technology that provides wireless data connections between various devices within a short range. Wi-Fi 802.11b (IEEE 802.11b-1999) 802.11g (IEEE 802.11g-2003) 802.11n (IEEE 802.11n-2009) Wi-Fi Hotspot Wi-Fi Direct Bluetooth Bluetooth is a standard for secure wireless data transfer between different types of devices over short distances. Version 4.1 Features A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) USB The Universal Serial Bus (USB) is an industry standard that allows different electronic devices to exchange data. Connector type Micro USB Version 2.0 Features Charging Mass storage On-The-Go Headphone jack The headphone jack is an audio phone connector, a.k.a. The most widely used one in mobile devices is the 3.5 mm headphone jack. Headphone jack Yes Connectivity Information about other important connectivity technologies supported by the devices. Connectivity Computer sync OTA sync Tethering Browser A web browser is a software application for accessing, fetching, displaying and navigating through information on the World Wide Web. Browser HTML HTML5 CSS 3 Audio file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various audio file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital audio data. Audio file formats/codecs AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) AAC+ / aacPlus / HE-AAC v1 AMR / AMR-NB / GSM-AMR (Adaptive Multi-Rate, .amr, .3ga) eAAC+ / aacPlus v2 / HE-AAC v2 FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec, .flac) MIDI MP3 (MPEG-2 Audio Layer II, .mp3) OGG (.ogg, .ogv, .oga, .ogx, .spx, .opus) WMA (Windows Media Audio, .wma) WAV (Waveform Audio File Format, .wav, .wave) Video file formats/codecs Mobile devices support various video file formats and codecs, which respectively store and code/decode digital video data. Video file formats/codecs 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership Project, .3gp) AVI (Audio Video Interleaved, .avi) H.263 H.264 / MPEG-4 Part 10 / AVC video MP4 (MPEG-4 Part 14, .mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .m4b, .m4r, .m4v) WebM WMV (Windows Media Video, .wmv) Xvid Battery The batteries of mobile devices differ in capacity and technology. They provide the electrical charge needed for the functioning of the devices. Capacity 4000 mAh (milliampere-hours) Type Li-Polymer Features Non-removable. Brand name of the company that manufactures the device.. the horizontal side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. the vertical side of the device when it is used in its standard orientation.. Information about the thickness/depth of the device in different measurement units.. Information about the weight of the device in different measurement units.. Estimated volume of the device, calculated from the dimensions provided by the manufacturer. Applies for devices in the form of a rectangular parallelepiped.. Information about the colors, in which the device is available in the market.. Materials used in the fabrication of the device's body.. Information about the type and size (form factor) of the SIM card used in the device.. Information about the number of SIM cards, supported by the device.. Information about some specific features related to the SIM card(s) of the device.. GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) was developed to replace the analog cellular network (1G), therefore it is referred to as a 2G mobile network. It has been improved with the addition of General Packet Radio Services (GPRS) and later via the Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution (EDGE) technology.. CDMA (Code-Division Multiple Access) is a channel access method for communications within mobile networks. Compared to other 2G and 2.5G standards like GSM and TDMA, it provides increased data transfer speeds and allows more subscribers to connect simultaneously to the network.. TD-SCDMA (Time Division Synchronous Code Division Multiple Access) is a 3G standard for mobile networks. It is developed as an alternative to the W-CDMA standard in China by the Chinese Academy of Telecomunications Technology, Datang Telecom and Siemens AG, and combines TDMA and CDMA.. UMTS stands for Universal Mobile Telecommunications System. Based on the GSM standard, it is deemed as a 3G mobile network standard. It has been developed by the 3GPP and its major advantage is the provision of greater bandwidth and spectral efficiency, due to the W-CDMA technology.. LTE is deemed to be the fourth generation (4G) of mobile communications technology. It has been developed by the 3GPP based on the GSM/EDGE and UMTS/HSPA technologies in order to increase the speed and capacity of wireless data networks. A further development of the technology is called LTE Advanced.. There are several network technologies that enhance the performance of mobile networks mainly by increased data bandwidth. Information about the communication technologies supported by the device and their respective uplink and downlink bandwidth.. Information about the operating system used by the device as well as its version.. Name and version of the user interface (UI) used by the operating system (OS).. The SoC integrates different hardware components such as the CPU, GPU, memory, peripherals, interfaces, etc., as well as software for their functioning.. Information about the process technology used in manufacturing the chip. The value in nanometers represents half the distance between elements that make up the CPU.. CPU is the Central Processing Unit or the processor of a mobile device. Its main function is to interpret and execute instructions contained in software applications.. The CPU bits are determined by the bit-size of the processor registers, address buses and data buses. 64-bit CPUs provide better performance than 32-bit ones, which on their part perform better than 16-bit processors.. The instruction set architecture (ISA) is a set of commands used by the software to manage the CPU's work. Information about the set of instructions the processor can execute.. The cache memory is used by the processor in order to shorten the time needed to access data and instructions that a frequently used. The L1 (level 1) cache memory has a small volume, but operates faster than the RAM and the rest cache memory levels. If the processor does not find the data needed in L1, it continues to look for it in the L2 cache memory. In some processors the search in L1 and L2 is simultaneous.. The L2 (level 2) cache memory is slower than L1, but has a larger capacity, instead, which allows it to cache more data. Just like L1, it is much faster than the system memory (RAM). If the CPU does not find the data needed in L2, it proceeds to look for them in the L3 cache memory (if there is such) or in the RAM.. A CPU core is the processor unit, which executes software instructions. Presently, besides single-core processors, there are dual-core, quad-core, hexa-core and so on multi-core processors. They increase the performance of the device allowing the execution of multiple instructions in parallel.. The frequency of the processor describes its clock rate in cycles per second. It is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. GPU is a graphical processing unit, which handles computation for 2D/3D graphics applications. In mobile devices GPU is usually utilized by games, UI, video playback, etc. GPU can also perform computation in applications traditionally handled by the CPU.. Similar to the CPU, the GPU consists of processing units called cores. They handle the computation of graphics in various applications.. The frequency is the clock rate of the graphic processor (GPU), which is measured in Megahertz (MHz) or Gigahertz (GHz).. RAM (Random-Access Memory) is used by the operating system and all installed applications. Data in the RAM is lost after the device is turned off or restarted.. Information about the type of RAM used by the device.. Information about the number of RAM channels integrated in the SoC. More channels mean higher data transfer rates.. RAM frequency relates directly to the rate of reading/writing from/in the RAM memory.. Information about the capacity of the built-in storage of the device. Sometimes one and the same model may is offered in variants with different internal storage capacity.. The various types of memory cards are characterized by different sizes and capacity. Information about the supported types of memory cards.. One of the main characteristics of the display is its type/technology, on which depends its performance.. In mobile devices display size is represented by the length of its diagonal measured in inches.. The ratio between the long and the short side of the display. The display resolution shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical side of the screen. The higher the resolution is, the greater the detail of the displayed content.. Information about the number of pixels per centimeter (ppcm) or per inch (ppi) of the display. The higher the pixel density, the more detailed and clearer is the information displayed on the screen.. The color depth of the display is also known as bit depth. It shows the number of bits used for the color components of one pixel. Information about the maximum number of colors the screen can display.. The estimated percentage of the screen area from the device's front area.. Information about other functions and features of the display.. Sensors vary in type and purpose. They increase the overall functionality of the device, in which they are integrated.. Digital cameras use image sensors for taking photos. The sensor characteristics are some of the main factors determining the quality of the camera integrated in the mobile device.. Cameras of mobile devices use mainly a LED or a Xenon flash. The LED flash has a softer burst of light and in contrast to the much brighter Xenon flash, is used for recording videos as well.. One of the main characteristics of the cameras of mobile devices is their resolution, which shows the number of pixels on the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the image.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video with the device.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the device while recording a video at maximum resolution. Some of the main standard frame rates for recording and playing video are 24p, 25p, 30p, 60p.. Information about additional software and hardware features of the privamery camera, which improve its overall performance.. Aperture (f-stop number) indicates the size of the lens diaphragm opening, which controls the amount of light reaching the image sensor. The lower the f-stop number, the larger the diaphragm opening is.. Information about the maximum image resolution of the secondary camera. Often, the resolution of the secondary camera is lower than the one of the primary camera.. Information about the maximum resolution available for shooting a video by the secondary camera.. Information about the maximum number of frames per second (fps), supported by the secondary camera while recording a video at maximum resolution.. The loudspeaker is a device, which reproduces various sounds such as ring tones, alarms, music, voice calls, etc. Information about the type of speakers the device uses.. Information whether the device has an FM radio receiver or not.. The tracking/positioning service is provided by various satellite navigation systems, which track the autonomous geo-spatial positioning of the device that supports them. The most common satellite navigation systems are the GPS and the GLONASS. There are also non-satellite technologies for locating mobile devices such as the Enhanced Observed Time Difference, Enhanced 911, GSM Cell ID.. Wi-Fi communication between devices is realized via the IEEE 802.11 standards. Some devices have the possibility to serve as Wi-Fi Hotspots by providing internet access for other nearby devices. Wi-Fi Direct (Wi-Fi P2P) is another useful standard that allows devices to communicate with each other without the need for wireless access point (WAP).. The technology has several versions, which improve the connection speed, range, connectivity and discoverability of the devices. Information about the Bluetooth version of the device.. Bluetooth uses various profiles and protocols related to faster exchange of data, energy saving, better device discoverability, etc. Some of those supported by the device are listed here.. There are several USB connector types: the Standard one, the Mini and Micro connectors, On-The-Go connectors, etc. Type of the USB connector used by the device.. There are several versions of the Universal Serial Bus (USB) standard: USB 1.0 (1996), the USB 2.0 (2000), the USB 3.0 (2008), etc. With each following version the rate of data transfer is increased.. Тhe USB interface in mobile devices may be used for different purposes such as battery charging, using the device as a mass storage, host, etc.. Information whether the device is equipped with a 3.5 mm audio jack.. Information about some of the most widely used connectivity technologies supported by the device.. Information about some of the features and standards supported by the browser of the device.. List of some of the most common audio file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. List of some of the most common video file formats and codecs supported standardly by the device.. The capacity of a battery shows the maximum charge, which it can store, measured in mili-Ampere hours.. The battery type is determined by its structure and more specifically, by the chemicals used in it. There are different battery types and some of the most commonly used in mobile devices are the lithium-ion (Li-Ion) and the lithium-ion polymer battery (Li-Polymer).. Information about some additional features of the device's battery.. Provide information about, which of the published data you want to be edited as well as a reliable source, which confirms the accuracy of the information you suggest *. Enter the characters from the image: *. Dimensions : 75.8 x 152 x 8.2 mm Weight : 164 g SoC : MediaTek MT6737T CPU : ARM Cortex-A53, 1500 MHz, Cores : 4 GPU : ARM Mali-T720 MP2, 600 MHz RAM : 3 GB, 733 MHz Storage : 32 GB Display : 5.5 in, IPS, 720 x 1280 pixels, 24 bit Battery : 4000 mAh, Li-Polymer OS : Android 7.0 Nougat Camera : 4160 x 3120 pixels, 1920 x 1080 pixels, 30 fps. The information on this website is provided on "as is, as available basis" without warranty of any kind. DeviceSpecifications is not responsible for any omissions, inaccuracies or other errors in the information it publishes. All warranties with respect to this information are disclaimed. Reproduction of any part of this website in its entirety or partially or in any form or medium without prior written permission is prohibited. The trademarks, marques and logos of the manufacturers of devices, software, hardware, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. 
Fill out the form below and we'll get back to you in 24-48 hours.. 8 Eastern Main Road, Curepe, Trinidad. 32gb storage w/ 3gb of ram. Dual sim + expandable memory to 128gb (dedicated slot). 13mp rear camera, 5mp+2mp dual front camera w/ front flash. Tags: Blade A3 , mobile , smartphone , Trinidad , ZTE. 32gb storage w/ 3gb of ram. Dual sim + expandable memory to 128gb (dedicated slot). 13mp rear camera, 5mp+2mp dual front camera w/ front flash. Packing a 1.5GHz MT6737T Quad-Core processor, the. ZTE Blade A3’s operational capacity and performance are enhanced by MTK’s heterogeneous computing approach.. 32GB of internal flash memory in the blink of an eye. 3GB of RAM delivers outstanding overall performance for opening and running applications, flipping through menus, running home screens and more.. Enjoy blazing fast and smooth connectivity whether you’re around the corner or across the world with ZTE Blade A3 powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon processor with a global 4G LTE multimode modem. Unlocked and contract-free, roam wherever you’d like the. ZTE Blade A3 by your side.. Many of us rely on our phones for taking all our photos, so we incorporated a camera that delivers astounding results. The dedicated light sensor enables the camera to capture more light in dark environments for better pictures. 5MP+2MP cameras for self-portraits and video. There is also a front-facing flash to illuminate selfies in darker rooms.. Swipe your finger on the backside sensor panel to unlock your phone. To protect your privacy, avoid personal information let out, undistracted and safe.. Ultra Power Saving mode lets you keep your phone powered on for longer in between charges. This mode changes your screen to black and white and shuts down all unnecessary features to dramatically minimize battery consumption.. Be the first to review “ZTE Blade A3 – 32gb” Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Huawei Honor 8 Lite – 32gb. Huawei Honor 9 Lite – 32gb. LeEco Le Pro 3 AI Edition – 32gb. $ 5,500.00 $ 5,100.00. Huawei Honor 9 Lite - 32gb. LeEco Le Max 2 - 32gb. Droid Island is a mobile company located in Trinidad & Tobago, that specializes in the Android ecosystem. With over 11yrs of experience in mobile sales, Droid Island has become a trusted source for all things Android.. Copyright © 2017 Droid Island TT. 
Listed Price : Price Not Available. ZTE Blade A3 smartphone features a 5.5-inch HD (720×1280 pixels) display. Under the hood is a 1.5GHZ quad-core MediaTek MT6737T chipset paired with 3GB of RAM and 32GB internal storage, which is further expandable up to 128GB via micro SD card. The smartphone runs on Android 7.1.1 Nougat and a fingerprint scanner at the back of the device. The smartphone has a 13-megapixel rear camera and a combination of 5-megapixel and 2-megapixel cameras up front. The ZTE Blade A3 comes with connectivity options like. 4G, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, GPS, micro USB port, 3.5mm audio jack for connectivity, and triple SIM slot.. Full Specifications of ZTE Blade A3. Sales Package Device, Battery, Quick Start Guide. SD Card Presence/Capacity microSD, up to 128GB. Processor MediaTek MT6737T Quad-Core 1.5GHz Processor. Camera resolution 13 MP with LED flash. Secondary Camera 5 MP + 2 MP. ZTE Blade A3 with dual-selfie cameras launched: Price, specifications, features. ZTE Blade A3 Reviews in India. ZTE Blade A3 Features & Specs. ZTE Blade A3 Vs Samsung Galaxy A3. ZTE Blade A3 Vs Samsung Galaxy A3. ZTE Blade A3 Vs Samsung Galaxy A3. ZTE Blade A3 Vs Samsung Galaxy A3. Processor MediaTek MT6737T Quad-Core 1.5GHz Processor. Camera 13 MP with LED flash. Own this mobile? Be first to review. Staff on Oct 31, 2017 02:58 PM. The ZTE Blade A3 will be going on sale in China from .... Write a Review on ZTE Blade A3. Canon #Speedlite 470EX-AI is the most intelligent flash system @CanonUSA #Speedlite #Speedlite buff.ly/2F493wl https://t.co/Zjwmc0zHIp. MWC 2018: Sony Xperia Ear Duo launched @sonyxperia @SonyXperiaIndia @sony_india @Sony … buff.ly/2FzZ1kE. #MWC2018 : Sony #MWC2018 , #MWC2018 launched with bezel-less design @sonyxperia … buff.ly/2FtQbVj. 
ZTE Blade A3 launches with dual selfie cameras, 4000mAh battery. ZTE has got a new product offering for those who enjoy taking selfies. The ZTE Blade A3 comes with dual-selfie cameras and a large 4000mAh battery. For the price of ¥799 which is around $120, this budget-friendly smartphone sports a 5.5-inch HD screen with 2.5D TFT display, 720 × 1280 pixel resolution, 1.5GHz MediaTek MT6737T quad-core processor, 3GB RAM, 32GB onboard storage, 13MP main camera, and a triple SIM card slot. Memory is expandable up to 128GB via the micro SD card. The dual front-facing camera setup includes a 5MP plus a 2MP sensor with a soft flash.. ZTE will start selling the smartphone on November 6, Monday. Pre-order is now open on ZTE’s official online store and JD.com. You can choose from either the Obsidian Black or Glacier Blue version.. The phone’s main selling point is the dual selfie cameras. You can’t usually get that setup for a phone that costs below $150. When it comes to connectivity, the phone offers a 3.5mm earphone port, micro USB, GPS, WiFi, and Bluetooth 4.1. There’s also the standard ambient light, fingerprint, proximity, and accelerometer.. The ZTE Blade A3 will also be launched in India. This particular model is expected to rival the Moto C Plus, YU Yunique 2, and Xiaomi Redmi 4 in the country.. ZTE Blade Spark debuts with a fingerprint sensor for a very low price. ZTE Blade Z Max launches with a budget-friendly price, large 4080mah batt. ZTE Blade A2S launches in China with upgraded screen size, resolution. ZTE Blade Force and its HPUE technology now on Boost Mobile for $129.99. ZTE Blade X launches as yet another affordable premium phone. TAGS Android Smartphone ZTE ZTE Blade A3. Sony Xperia XZ2, XZ2 Compact hands-on: time for a change. Galaxy S9 price details: AT&T, T-Mobile, Verizon line up [UPDATE]. © 2008 - 2018 Android Community. 
USD $ EUR € GBP £ CAD $. Home Contact UnlockBase Cable Unlock Software Currency: USD Support e-mail Track your Order LOGIN. $ USD € EUR £ GBP $ CAD. Is this product being sold elsewhere for a lower price?. Price match requests are handled by professional sourcing staffs.. Please fill in the short form below and we will try to work with our suppliers to match their price or provide an even better deal.. If the reported product is identical to our product, and lower priced sources are found, prices on product pages will be updated within 48 hours (Mon-Fri) after price match is received.. Unless you are already on our newsletters list, we will not send any e-mail to you that are not related to this review.. Step 2/4 : Provide your IMEI & E-Mail. Order the Unlock Code of your ZTE Blade A3. DELIVERY: Instant (< 5 mins). When I order an Unlock Code for my ZTE Blade A3, what will I receive?. With all ZTE Blade A3 Unlocking Code orders we usually deliver a complete set of unlocking codes. Most of the time you just need the Network Code (NCK) but when needed you'll also receive Unfreeze Code, Reset Key, or Service Provide Code. In the same email that includes your unlock code(s), you will also receive complete instructions on how to use it. Usually, you just insert the SIM card in the phone you want to use and the phone will prompt you for the unlock code. In case you need any assistance, our customer support is always there to answer any questions you might have. We will get back to you within less than 12 Hours from Monday to Friday.. I accept the Terms & Conditions. How to Unlock ZTE Blade A3?. Insert SIM card from a source different than your original Service Provider (i.e. if you have a Rogers phone, use a non-Rogers SIM card),. Phone will ask you to enter Sim unlock pin. Any suggestion? Want to help us improve our Guideline to unlock ZTE Blade A3 ? or those are not accurate ? Please contact us. UnlockBase is an incorporated company, we've been unlocking cell phones for 7 years now and strives to provide the best service for our clientele.. All products, and company names, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed are registered® and/or unregistered trademarks™ of their respective owners. UnlockBase is not associated with or sponsored by ZTE. The authors of this web site are not sponsored by or affiliated with any of the third-party trade mark or third-party registered trade mark owners, and make no representations about them, their owners, their products or services.. Rated 4.9 out of 5 from 9201 reviews. I give 4 stars because they send me several code instead of 1 code it's very annoying because I have to try several codes before I get one works other provider only provide one code.. I had a problem but they resolved it quickly. I recommend this website to anybody who wants their phone unlocked. Once again thank you and I have been using this website for over six years. Very simple process which worked first time - received codes within 3 days. Телефон разблокировали очень быстро сервисом очень доволен хотя и чуть-чуть дороговато. UB Software Limited - 156 Shirley Street & Mount Royal Avenue - Nassau – The Bahamas. Registration Number 1784454 - Copyrighted by Copyright Deposit - Monitored by CopyScape - DO NOT COPY. 
हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు. हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు. ZTE Blade A3 - Gizbot Gallery. ZTE Blade A3 runs Android,7.0 Nougat and features a 5.5 inches TFT 720 x 1280 pixels display and a Quad Core 1.5 GHz MediaTek MT6737T processor paired with and 32GB native storage capacity.. ZTE Blade A3 runs Android,7.0 Nougat and features a 5.5 inches TFT 720 x 1280 pixels display and a Quad Core 1.5 GHz MediaTek MT6737T processor paired with and 32GB native storage capacity.. Complete Specs | Latest Updates | Compare | Competitors. ZTE Blade A3 - Gizbot Gallery. Complete Specs | Latest Updates | Compare | Competitors. ZTE Blade A3 - Gizbot Gallery. Complete Specs | Latest Updates | Compare | Competitors. ZTE Blade A3 - Gizbot Gallery. Complete Specs | Latest Updates | Compare | Competitors. ZTE Blade A3 - Gizbot Gallery. Complete Specs | Latest Updates | Compare | Competitors. ZTE Blade A3 - Gizbot Gallery. Complete Specs | Latest Updates | Compare | Competitors. Moto C Plus First Impressions - GIZBOT. Moto C Plus First Impressions !! ಬಜೆಟ್ ಬೆಲೆಯ ಫೋನ್ ಮೊಟೊ C ಪ್ಲಸ್ ಹೇಗಿದೆ..?. Samsung galaxy Tab S3 First Impressions - GIZBOT. How to log out your Facebook account from anywhere - GIZBOT. MOTO Z2 Play First Impressions in kannada !! ಬೊಂಬಾಟಾಗಿದೆ ಮೊಟೊ Z2 ಪ್ಲೇ !!. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. 
Cost-effective Cheaper More expensive Performance Camera Battery Smaller Larger. Kimovil shows stores that deliver to your country. Convert prices to your local currency. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you love it and would like to have it in your hands. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Now you are using it .... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you currently use it or you manage it... Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... It would be a great help if you could take 2 minutes to comment on this smartphone. Add it if you had it and gave it away, sold it or it died.... Finding the best price for the ZTE Blade A3 (2017) is no easy task. Here you will find where to buy the ZTE Blade A3 (2017) at the best price. Prices are continuously tracked in over 140 stores so that you can find a reputable dealer with the best price. October 2017, 4 months ago. 75.8 mm x 152.0 mm x 8.2 mm. 720 x 1280 px. Pixels per inch differentiable less than 40 cm away. - More smartphones with MediaTek MT6737T processor. - More smartphones with 3GB RAM memory. 39.856 Overall performance better than 64% of devices. GB (Capacity with the OS (depends on the brand and ROM version): 25-31 GB). - More smartphones with 32GB of internal storage. 5818 Songs , 12800 Photos and 457 Videos. These are the default features of this smartphone. Most of these features can be achieved with a more advanced camera application, so do not worry if you are missing something like a timer, smile detection, filters, etc.. Dual SIM Dual Standby (Nano SIM + Nano SIM). SIM cards (MiniSIM) can be cut to MicroSIM, MicroSIM can be cut to NanoSIM and a SIM can even be cut to a NanoSIM (although not recommended). Download this SIM Cutting Template and forget about having to ask your operator for a new SIM.... A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile). - More smartphones with Android 7.0 Nougat operating system. Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Global 3GB 32GB. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 4GB 64GB Global. Huawei Honor 8 Lite 4GB 32GB AL00. ZTE Axon 7 4GB 64GB A2017G. OnePlus 3T 6GB 64GB EU A3003. LeEco Le Max 2 4GB 32GB X820. The information on this web site is not guaranteed. Kimovil is not responsible for inaccuracies, omissions or any other error in the information. Any warranties regarding this information are disclaimed. Total or partial reproduction of this site is prohibited in any manner without prior written permission. The trademarks, logos and device manufacturers, software, etc. are the property of their respective owners.. Coupons Buying Guide Help Contact Facebook Twitter About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies. How is the exchange rate calculated?. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Email (Optional) We will notify you when it is OK. Add devices to your profile, rate and comment on your smartphones.. There are unanswered questions about the mobile devices you use, please help us by answering them!. 
The next video is starting stop. Как прошить ZTE Blade a3 - How to flash. Want to watch this again later?. Sign in to add this video to a playlist.. Sign in to report inappropriate content.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Sign in to make your opinion count.. Rating is available when the video has been rented.. This feature is not available right now. Обязательно смотрите через ПК со включенными аннотациями!!! Это очень важно! Be sure to look through PC with included annotations!!! This is very important! Инструкция - как прошить смартфон ZTE Blade a3 Manual - how to flash a ZTE Blade a3 ------------------------------ RevNum - http://myzte.ru/disk/opened/newfolder... RevX - https://yadi.sk/d/QnQo6-bHjkawm ------------------------------ P.S. Автор видео не несёт никакой ответственности за ваш смартфон. Всё делается на ваш страх и риск! P.S. The author of the video assumes no liability for your smartphone. Everything is done at your own risk!. When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next.. Сброс настроек ZTE Blade L4 через Recovery. zte blade a3 прошивка в формате .рас. Восстановить смартфон ZTE Blade AF3 (Spreadtrum SC7731G) с помощью ResearchDownload. HOW TO FLASH AND UPDATE ZTE ALL MOBILES ?. Прошивка Android телефона на примере ZTE. Прошивка ZTE Blade L2 с помощью SP FlashTool. Installing Android 4.4.2 on ZTE Blade 3 tutorial. Прошивка Телефона Zte Blade Q lux 3g pro. прошивка ZTE Blade Q Lux 3G pro. Android: обновление прошивки до андроид 5 lolipop. Cómo restaurar el ZTE Blade L3 al estado de fábrica Español. КАК ЛЕГКО ПРОШИТЬ ТЕЛЕФОН ЧЕРЕЗ recovery? УЧИМСЯ ПРОШИВАТЬ И ПЕРЕПРОШИВАТЬ. ZTE Blade L3 comes with 5.0 Inch Display 2000mAh battery, 1GB RAM, Android 5.0 Lollipop. Восстановить андройд смартфон кирпич после неудачной прошивки. Sign in to add this to Watch Later. 
Gadgets Now TOI Home News shop Gadgets Reviews compare Slideshows Videos Top Gadgets More. Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets. Fintech Revolut Britain's first digital bank to break even Success in India is based on studying, having a job...where’s the creativity, says Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak Samsung Galaxy S9, S9+ launched: Specs, price and availability in India Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Samsung Galaxy S8: Comparison Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest news and updates These smartphones can get you extra Rs 20,000 discount on Apple iPhone X Samsung Galaxy S9 vs Galaxy S9+: What's the difference Nokia smartphones' 2018 lineup is here Flipkart ahead of Amazon in smartphone 2017 sales: Report Crypto 'noobs' learn to cope with wild swings in digital coins. Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands. Brands Infographics Checklist How To Featured infocus Specials. Gadgets Now » News » Tech News » ZTE Blade A3 launches Quite Blue colour variant in China. ZTE Blade A3 launches Quite Blue colour variant in China Gadgets Now Bureau | Updated: Dec 26, 2017, 07.10PM IST. ZTE, the Chinese smartphone maker, launched its dual-selfie camera-laden handset, the Blade A3 on its home turf last month. But the device was launched only in two colour variants - Glacier Blue and Obsidian Black. Now, the tech firm has launched a new colour variant for the smartphone, calling it as Quite Blue.. NEW DELHI: ZTE , the Chinese smartphone maker, launched its dual-selfie camera-laden handset, the Blade A3 on its home turf last month. But the device was launched only in two colour variants - Glacier Blue and Obsidian Black. Now, the tech firm has launched a new colour variant for the smartphone, calling it as Quite Blue.. The price of the new colour variant remains the same at CNY 799 and it will still be available in China. The smartphone with older two colours went on sale starting November 6 via JD.com and on the company's official ZTE store in China.. ZTE Blade A3 comes with a dual-selfie camera setup. The smartphone consists of a 5MP and 2MP front cameras for selfies. The device features a 5.5-inch HD display with 720x1280 pixel resolution.. The smartphone is powered by a 1.5GHZ quad-core MediaTek MT6737T processor paired with 3GB of RAM. It offers 32GB of internal storage which can be expanded up to 128GB by adding a microSD card. The device runs Android 7.1.1 Nougat operating system and sports a 13MP rear camera with LED flash. The dual-SIM smartphone offers 4G, VoLTE, 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and GPS as connectivity options.. Last month, ZTE launched its Blade A2S smartphone in China. It features a 5.2-inch full HD display of 1080x1920 pixel resolution with 423ppi. It is powered by a 1.3Ghz octa-core MediaTek processor coupled with 3GB RAM. There's 32GB internal storage with microSD card support.. The Blade A2S sports a 13MP rear camera with LED flash, along with a 5MP front-facing snapper for selfies. In terms of connectivity, the device offers Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, LTE, NFC and GPS. The listing doesn't specify the Android version on which the device runs.. The company got some limelight this year as it launched what technically can be termed as a ‘foldable’ smartphone. Called Axon M, the smartphone is said to feature two 5.2-inch screens that can be folded to the size of a traditional smartphone.. For the latest news , tech news , breaking news headlines and live updates checkout Gadgetsnow.com. performance Quad core display 5.5" (13.97 cm) storage 32 GB camera 13 MP battery 4000 mAh ram 3 GB special features fingerprint sensor position Rear other sensors Light sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer fingerprint sensor Yes general operating system Android v7.0 (Nougat) sim slots Dual SIM, GSM+GSM model Blade A3 launch date March 20, 2018 (Expected) custom ui MiFavor4.2 brand ZTE sim size SIM1: Nano SIM2: Nano network 4G: Available (supports Indian bands) 3G: Available, 2G: Available fingerprint sensor Yes multimedia loudspeaker Yes fm radio Yes audio jack 3.5 mm performance chipset MediaTek MT6737T graphics Mali-T720 MP2 processor Quad core, 1.5 GHz, Cortex A53 architecture 64 bit ram 3 GB design thickness 8.2 mm width 75.8 mm weight 138 grams height 152 mm colours Black display display type IPS LCD screen to body ratio 72.21 % pixel density 267 ppi screen protection Yes screen size 5.5 inches (13.97 cm) screen resolution HD (720 x 1280 pixels) touch screen Yes Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch storage internal memory 32 GB expandable memory Yes Up to 128 GB camera settings ISO control camera features Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Digital image stabilization, Face detection, Touch to focus image resolution 4160 x 3120 Pixels autofocus Yes shooting modes Continuos Shooting resolution 5 MP + 2 MP Dual Front Cameras flash Yes Soft light flash battery user replaceable No type Li-Polymer capacity 4000 mAh network connectivity wifi Yes Wi-Fi 802.11, b/g/n wifi features Mobile Hotspot bluetooth Yes usb connectivity USB 2.0 network support 4G (supports Indian bands), 3G, 2G gps Yes with A-GPS sim 1 4G Bands:TD-LTE 2300(band 40) FD-LTE 1800(band 3)3G Bands: UMTS 2100 / 900 MHz2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz GPRS:Available EDGE:Available sim size SIM1: Nano, SIM2: Nano sim 2 2G Bands: GSM 1800 / 1900 / 850 / 900 MHz. ZTE Blade V6 Mobile Phone - Grey (5" HD IPS/13 MP+5MP/ 2GB RAM+16 GB ROM/Android 5.0/ 4G VoLTE) ₹ 6449. ZTE Blade V7 Lite 4G VoLTE ( Golden ) ₹ 8500. Related Stories ZTE confirms its 5G-capable smartphone’s lau... MWC 2018: ZTE to announce Blade V9 with 18:9... Google expands further in China, opens new o... Trump security team sees building US 5G netw... Nokia, Xiaomi, Asus, Sony, Oppo, Vivo, LG, H... Samsung showed its foldable smartphone priva.... Subscribe and get the top tech news of the day Delivered to your mailbox. Connect with us FOLLOWERS 1.5m FOLLOWERS 250k FOLLOWERS 35k. All Comments ( 0 ) + ^ Back to Top. Login from existing account Facebook Google Email. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter. Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil.. Sort UpVoted Newest Oldest Discussed Down Voted. Be the first one to review.. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message. Top News 6 features of Samsung Galaxy S9 that are missing in Apple iPhone X 02:47 Samsung Galaxy S9, S9+ launched: Specs, price and availability in India Mobile World Congress 2018: All the latest news and updates. Smartron t.phone P review: A decent budget offering. Best Laptops with Intel 8th-gen Processor. For the latest Tech News, like us on Facebook. Uber to sell US auto-leasing business to Fair.com: Report. Apple may have dumped Qualcomm for this chipmaker. Virushka's wedding announcement is the Golden Tweet of 2017. New system uses Twitter, AI to predict floods. More opportunities await startup employees in 2018. Robots are not taking away these jobs, claims study. SoftBank’s Lydia Jett on Flipkart's board. 2018, the year of Bitcoin? No, it will be the year of Blockchain. This is what Flipkart and Amazon plan to do in the new year. 1 ZTE Blade A3 launches Quite Blue colour variant in China 2 Uber to sell US auto-leasing business to Fair.com: Report 3 Apple may have dumped Qualcomm for this chipmaker 4 Virushka's wedding announcement is the Golden Tweet of 2017 5 New system uses Twitter, AI to predict floods 6 More opportunities await startup employees in 2018 7 Robots are not taking away these jobs, claims study 8 SoftBank’s Lydia Jett on Flipkart's board 9 2018, the year of Bitcoin? No, it will be the year of Blockchain 10 This is what Flipkart and Amazon plan to do in the new year. Popular Posts Best Camera Phones in India Phones under Rs. 20,000 Phones under 15000 in India Phones under Rs. 10,000 Best Laptops under Rs.30,000 4G Phones Under Rs,10,000. Popular Categories Android Mobile Phone Dual Sim Mobile Phone 4G Mobiles Tablets Online Top Gadgets 2017 Upcoming Mobiles. About Us Contact Us RSS Return Policy Bulk Buy. Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Sell with us. Vivo V5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy J2 Moto E4 Samsung Galaxy On7 Oppo F3 Plus. Honor 8 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5. Popular Gadgets VU TV Xiaomi Mi Band Intex Power Bank Ambrane Power Bank Xiaomi Power Bank Micromax TV Samsung TV Lloyd TV LG TV Sony TV Acer Laptops Lenovo laptops HP laptops Dell Laptop. Mobile Phones Nokia Mobiles Intex Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Apple iPhones Moto Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Blackberry Mobiles Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Lyf Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Lava Mobiles. Trending Stories Aadhaar Card Sundar Pichai Redmi 4 Sale on Amazon Xiaomi Redmi 4A Sale Mukesh Ambani Airtel Offers Vodafone Offer Paytm. Trending Topics Samsung Galaxy On7 Prime Honor V10 iPhone 8 Plus OnePlus 6 SAMSUNG GALAXY A8 2018 HUAWEI MATE 10 OnePlus 5T Xiaomi Redmi 5A Honor 6A Vivo V7 Moto X4 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 XIAOMI REDMI NOTE 5 PRO Redmi Note 5. Copyright © 2018 Bennett Coleman & Co. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service. 
ENGLISH  MENU. You can manage your notification subscription by clicking on the icon. You are Blocked.Please unblock to get news alerts. Click Here to know more.. Also available in: हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી. News Mobile Telecom Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptop Camera Tablet Gaming. Reviews Mobiles Wearables Home-Entertainment Apps Laptops/PC Tablets. How-To Tips and Tricks Mobile Feature Wearable Feature Home-Entertainment Feature Social Media Feature Apps Feature. Gallery Mobiles Concepts Laptops Reviews Wearables Tablets. Videos Reviews How-to First Impression Unboxing Interviews Features. New Devices Search Mobiles Search Laptops Recent Launches Upcoming Mobiles Compare Mobiles Top 10 Mobiles. ZTE Blade A3 new Quite Blue variant launched for consumers. ZTE Blade A3 new Quite Blue variant launched for consumers. The new Quite Blue color of ZTE Blade A3 actually resembles more Teal than blue.. Published: Tuesday, December 26, 2017, 11:30 [IST]. While most of the smartphones launches for the year have been already over, ZTE seems to be still in the game. The company has now announced a new color variant of it's latest smartphone ZTE Blade 3.. Back in October when this newest successor to ZTE 's entry-level Blade series was launched the device came in two color variants which included Glacier Blue and Obsidian Black. However, today ZTE now unveiled a new Quite Blue color variant. Well, consumers will have more options to choose from.. In any case, the new Quite Blue color actually resembles more Teal than blue. What's more? The newest version features a black front panel and bezels compared to Glacier Blue variant which comes in white.. But that is pretty much the change with the new color variant. Rest of the specifications remain the same as the standard model. The Quite Blue ZTE Blade A3 also is available at the same price as others which is 799 Yuan (roughly Rs. Just to recall the specifications of the device, ZTE Blade A3 comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels and 16:0 aspect ratio. The handset is powered by 1.4GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6737T processor paired with 3GB of RAM. The phone offers 32GB of internal storage which can be further expanded up to 128GB via microSD card.. As for the cameras, ZTE Blade A3 sports a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. The smartphone is backed by a 4000mAh non-removable battery and it runs on Android 7.0.. The dual-SIM (GSM and GSM) smartphone offer connectivity options like Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, USB OTG, FM, 3G, and 4G. Sensors on the phone include a Proximity sensor, Accelerometer, Ambient light sensor and Gyroscope. The device also has support for face recognition and has a fingerprint scanner at the rear, The handset measures 152.00 x 75.80 x 8.20 (height x width x thickness).. Gizbot Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews. zte | ZTE Blade A3 | smartphones | mobiles | news. Story first published: Tuesday, December 26, 2017, 11:30 [IST]. Other articles published on Dec 26, 2017. Oppo had filed patents for iPhone X-like design back in January 2017 Sony has a surprise launch for MWC 2018: Three Xperia models incoming COAI Data: Bharti Airtel continues to hold the top position. DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE. বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు. News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Gadget Finder. Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin. About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | RSS | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap. © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Stay updated with latest technology news & gadget reviews - Gizbot. 
Welcome! Sign in or Register. My Account | Wishlist |. Currencies: US$ CA$ AU$ £ €. Home Global Version New Arrivals HU Warehouse Top Deals XIAOMI. Shopping Cart 0 item. Home Repair Parts ZTE Blade A3. Mobile Phones Android Mobile Phones Xiaomi Mobile Phone OnePlus Mobile Phone Huawei Mobile Phone ZTE Nubia Mobile Phone Cubot Mobile Phone Elephone Mobile Phone ASUS Mobile Phone Lenovo Mobile Phone Blackview Mobile Phone Coolpad Mobile Phone Doogee Mobile Phone Meizu Mobile Phone OPPO Mobile Phone UMI Mobile Phone VIVO Mobile Phone Phone Accessories Watch Mobile Phones Tablet PC Android Tablet PC Android TV Box Tablet PC Accessories Windows TV Box Windows Tablet PC Car Electronics GPS Trackers Parking System Rear View Mirrors Car DVR Cameras Bluetooth Car Kits Repair Parts ASUS Zenfone 6 ASUS Zenfone 5 ASUS Zenfone 4 Max Plus ASUS ZenFone 4 Selfie Pro ASUS ZenFone Pegasus 4A Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe ASUS Zenfone Pegasus 3S ASUS ZenFone 3 Zoom Asus ZenFone 3 ASUS Zenfone Pegasus 3 X008 ASUS ZenFone 2 pro ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS Zenfone Zoom zx551ml ASUS Zenfone Max ASUS Zenfone A500 ASUS Zenfone A600 ASUS ZenFone Selfie Pro ASUS ZenFone Selfie Lenovo K80M Lenovo A808T Lenovo A850i Lenovo A806 Lenovo A916 Lenovo A606 Lenovo A529 Lenovo A516 Lenovo A560 Lenovo A889 Lenovo A850 Lenovo A820 Lenovo A800 Lenovo A766 Lenovo A760 Lenovo A690 Lenovo A680 Lenovo A500 Lenovo A396 Lenovo A390 Lenovo A376 Lenovo A316 Lenovo A66 Lenovo A3600 Lenovo A3690 Lenovo S898t Lenovo S860 Lenovo S856 Lenovo S720 Lenovo S939 Lenovo S930 Lenovo S660 Lenovo S650 Lenovo S90 Lenovo S850 Lenovo S820 Lenovo VIBE Z2 Lenovo VIBE Shot Z90-7 Lenovo Vibe X2-TO Lenovo vibe P1 pro Lenovo vibe P1 Lenovo Vibe X2 Lenovo VIBE X S960 Lenovo VIBE Z Lenovo K4 note Lenovo X3(X3c70) Lenovo Vibe X3 Lenovo Lemon X3 Youth Lenovo K3 Lenovo K3 Note Lenovo K5 NOTE Lenovo Vibe P2 Lenovo Phab 2 plus PB2-670N LENOVO A816 Lenovo P2 ZUK Z2 pro ZUK Z2 ZUK Z1 ZTE Nubia z17 mini ZTE Nubia Z17 Lite ZTE Nubia Z11 MiniS ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Blade A3 ZTE Blade A2S ZTE Axon 7S A2018 ZTE Axon 7 Max ZTE Axon 7 Vivo Y53 Vivo Y55 Vivo Y66 Vivo Y67 Vivo X5 Vivo X5 Pro Vivo x7 plus Vivo x7 vivo x9 plus Vivo X9 Oneplus one Oneplus Two Oneplus x Oneplus 3 Oneplus 3T Oneplus 5 Meizu M3 Note Meizu M6 Note Meizu M5 Note Meizu M2 Note 2 Meizu M2 Note Meizu M1 Note Meizu MX6 Meizu MX5 Meizu MX4 Pro Meizu MX4 Meizu MX3 Meizu MX2 Meizu MX Meizu M9 Meizu M5S Meizu M5 Meizu M3S Meizu M3 MEIZU Meilan E2 Meizu Meilan E Meizu Meilan X Meizu Meilan U20 Meizu Meilan U0 Meizu Meilan Max Meizu Pro 7 Plus Meizu Pro 7 Meizu Pro 6 Plus Meizu Pro 6 Meizu Pro 5 Meizu Metal Meizu A5 OPPO N1 mini OPPO N3 OPPO U701 OPPO R805 OPPO Real R807 OPPO Finder OPPO Finder 3 OPPO Finder 5 OPPO Finder 7 OPPO A37 OPPO A77 OPPO A57 OPPO A79 OPPO R5 OPPO R7 OPPO R7 Plus OPPO R9 Plus OPPO R9s OPPO R9 OPPO R11 Plus OPPO R11 OPPO R11s Plus OPPO R11s Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Huawei Mate 10 Lite Huawei P8 Max Huawei P8 Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Lite Huawei P9 Lite mini Huawei P9 Plus Huawei P10 Lite Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Plus Huawei Honor 3C 4G Huawei Honor 3X Pro Huawei Honor 3C Play Huawei Honor 4X Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 4C Huawei Honor 5C Huawei Honor 4A Huawei Honor 5A Huawei Honor 6A Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 6x Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 7 Huawei Honor 7i Huawei Honor V8 Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Honor Note 8 Huawei Honor 8 Pro Huawei Honor 9 Huawei G8 Huawei nova Huawei nova Plus Huawei nova 2 Huawei Nova 2 Plus Huawei Honor Magic Xiaomi Mi Mix Xiaomi Mi Pad Xiaomi Mi Pad 2 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 Xiaomi Mi Note Xiaomi Mi Note Pro Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Xiaomi Redmi Note 5A Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xiaomi Redmi 3 Xiaomi Redmi 3s Xiaomi Redmi 3x Xiaomi Redmi 4 Xiaomi Redmi Pro Xiaomi Mi4 Xiaomi Mi 4c Xiaomi Mi 4s Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Mi 5s Xiaomi Mi 5c Xiaomi Mi 6 Xiaomi Mi Max Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Xiaomi Mi 5 Xiaomi Mi 5s Plus Xiaomi Redmi 4X Outdoor Sports Camera & Video Smart Wearable Device. Name Name - Desc Price - low to high Price - high to low Date Added - Old to New Date Added - New to Old. Items 1 to 0 of 0 total 1. Customer Service Contact Us Term of Use Return& Replacement Frequently Asked Questions Shopping Guide My Account Forgot Your passwords? Track my Order Order Status Dropshipping Work with SpeMall Information Guarantee Shipping Guide Payment Methods Site Map About Us. Copyright © 2011 SpeMall.com Wholesale China Electronics All Rights Reserved. Wholesale & Dropship: Tablet PC - Mobile phones - Apple Accessories - Car Electronics - Security Products. Consumer Electronics Direct From China SpeMall.com is Upfront. 
UNLOCK YOUR PHONE UNLOCK YOUR PHONE, FEEL THE FREEDOM.. How To Unlock ZTE Blade A3 (2017) by Unlock Code.. UnlockLocks | November 4, 2017 | ZTE | No Comments. Why unlock my ZTE Blade A3 (2017)?. The unlocking service we offer allows you to use any network providers SIM card in your ZTE Blade A3 (2017). this involves unlock codes which are a series of numbers which can be entered into your phone via dial pad to remove the network restriction and allow the use of other domestic and foreign networks. How Do I unlock my ZTE Blade A3 (2017)?. Get the unique unlock code of your ZTE Blade A3 (2017) from here. Remove the original SIM Card from your phone. Now, you should see a box to enter the unlock code. Enter the unlock code provided by unlocklocks.com. All carriers are supported for unlocking (AT&T, T-Mobile, MetroPCS, Cricket, EE, Vodafone, Orange, O2, 3 UK, Virgin mobile, Rogers, Fido, Bell, Telus, SFR, Bouygues, Movistar, TIM, TMN, A1, Telekom, etc…). Unlocking is permanent, you don’t need to enter the unlock code more than once. All ZTE Blade A3 (2017) variants are supported for unlocking. Unlocking a ZTE Blade A3 (2017) phone is legal and 100% safe. What are the advantages of unlocking my ZTE Blade A3 (2017)? The biggest advantage of getting your phone unlocked is choice. With your phone unlocked you can swap SIM cards at different times to get the best value of the different tariffs from the providers, you can choose which network and which tariff you want at various times.Mobile phones which are unlocked tend to have a greater second hand value, the value of your handset could be increased. Many people will unlock their mobiles so they can use a local prepaid SIM card when in a different country instead of using the costly ‘roaming’ feature provided by their current network provider. Why would I want to unlock my ZTE Blade A3 (2017)? There are hundreds of network operators around the globe that lock their phones onto their networks. So we un-lock the SIM locks from the phone so that you can use any network you please.Unlocking your phone will give you freedom to purchase or use a SIM card from another network in your own country or even worldwide. Unlocking your phone will give you the opportunity to change the SIM card to a local provider when abroad, allowing much cheaper calls. It will also increase the value of your phone if you sell it. How will I know if my ZTE Blade A3 (2017) is locked? To find out if your phone is locked, simply place a different SIM card in the phone and turn the phone on. Ensure you use a different SIM and not the SIM that the phone was supplied with. If the phone does not allow you to make calls and displays an error message such as ‘SIM not valid’, ‘Phone Restricted’, ‘SIM not accepted’ or it’s asking you to enter an unlock code then your phone is most likely to be locked. How do you unlock my ZTE Blade A3 (2017)? You provide us with easy to find details of your phone e.g. the type, the IMEI number, country and the network that supplied the phone. This information is then used to provide an unlock code to unlock your phone. You simply follow the instructions we provide, and the phone will be unlocked – easy!. What information do I need to give you? This varies depending on the phone. Typically you need to provide the model, the 15 digit IMEI number of the phone and the country / network it is locked to. Usually this is enough but this does vary for each handset and solution. Either way we provide you with full easy to follow instructions to unlock your phone. Do I need the original SIM card to unlock my ZTE Blade A3 (2017)? The unlock codes we supply for most handsets will be entered without any SIM card inserted. However, certain handsets do require either an alternative SIM card, or the original SIM card to be inserted in order for the unlock codes to work. Do I require technical knowledge? None at all, we provide complete and easy instructions for unlocking your phone. Often it can be as simple as entering an unlock code using the phone’s keypad. If there is a problem unlocking your phone using the codes we provide then we will endeavor to solve the problem to the best of our ability. What do I do with the unlock codes? Once you receive the codes, follow our detailed instructions and enter the codes into your phone by using the phone keypad. It is simple and straight forward and will immediately unlock your phone. Can I get a discount if I have more than 10 phones to unlock? Sure. Please contact us through our website we offer special discounts for professional unlockers. What is a SIM card? It’s the small (roughly 2cm by 1 cm) microchip card that you insert into a phone when it’s first set up. It provides the identity of the phone for the mobile network. The SIM card is usually located behind the battery on the back of the phone. How do I pay? We accept a wide range of payment methods : – Visa – Mastercard – American Express – Electron – Paypal – Others…. Is it safe and secure entering my card details on your website? Your cards details are fully encrypted and processed over a secure server. We do not store your card details for maximum security. We also support PayPal, which has a Thawte certified 128bit SSL Security site. Will my phone still work? Yes, unlocking simply removes the network lock and SIM lock that are entered into the phones software when sold to you by the network. Will the unlock codes damage my phone? Removing the network restriction on your mobile phone with unlock codes is the safest form of unlocking available. You simply enter the necessary codes directly into your phone via the keypad to remove the network restriction. Unlocking a ZTE Blade A3 (2017) phone is easy as making a call.. Congratulations, enjoy your unlocked ZTE Blade A3 (2017) on all networks, worldwide.. How To Unlock Telstra ZTE Tough 4 (ZTE T55a) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock ZTE F320 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock ZTE Blade S6 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock ZTE Spark PRO by Unlock Code.. No Comments | Mar 7, 2017. No Comments | Jun 30, 2016. No Comments | Jun 30, 2016. No Comments | Jul 5, 2016. The world's #1 phone unlocking solutions provider since 2006, with thousands of phones unlocked each day. we could tell you about our years of experience, we were the first online phone unlocking site. you may think that "first" doesn't always mean "best," but we're sure once you've unlocked your phone with us, you'll change your mind. our company is headed up by telecommunications techs from the united states. they're smart guys, but they're especially smart about unlocking mobile devices.. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J3 & J3 (2016) b.... How To Unlock MetroPCS or T-Mobile LG Aristo (LG M.... How To Unlock AT&T ZTE Maven 3 (Z835) by Unlo.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J5 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Oppo A57 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock AT&T HUAWEI Ascend XT2 (H1711) b.... How To Unlock Xfinity Mobile SAMSUNG Galaxy S8 and.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy J2 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG G2 by Unlock code From UnlockLock.... How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy S3 mini I8190 by Unlo.... How To Unlock Sony Xperia Tablet Z by Unlock Code.... How To Unlock HTC One SC2, One, One Mini, One Max .... How To Unlock HTC One by Unlock Code ?. How To Unlock Sony Xperia Tablet Z by Unlock Code .... How To Unlock LG G2 by Unlock code ?. How To Unlock Samsung Galaxy Note 3 ?. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy Beam 2 by Unlock Code.... How To Unlock Alcatel One Touch Evolve ?. How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy Express by Unlock Cod.... How To Unlock Sony Ericsson Live ( WT19i ) ?. How To Unlock a MetroPCS or T-Mobile ALCATEL Fierc.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 by Unlock.... How To Unlock SAMSUNG Galaxy A3 (2017) by Unlock C.... How To Unlock WIKO Rainbow by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock Essential Phone by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG K10 (2018) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock LG K8 (2018) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI MediaPad M5 10 (Pro) by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI Enjoy 8 by Unlock Code.. How To Unlock HUAWEI Honor 7C by Unlock Code.. Copyright © 2018 UnlockLocks.COM .. 
Unlock ZTE Blade A3 with 100% money back guarantee. Unlock ZTE Phones > ZTE Blade A3. Important - Select the Current Network your Unlock ZTE is Locked to. Do NOT select the network you want to use.. Select Your Country Algeria Australia Canada Indonesia Mexico Nigeria Philippines Portugal United Kingdom USA (United States) Afghanistan Albania American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo (Democratic Republic of) Congo (Republic of) Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Mauritania Mauritius Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Poland Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka St. Vincent & the Grenadines Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Please Select the country/network provider the phone is currently locked to. Please Select the country/network provider the phone is currently locked to. Does your phone use a SIM Card?. why e-mail Please enter a valid email address, your unlock codes will be sent there.. We work with your phone manufacturer or network to generate unlock code.. No shady software to be installed, no jail breaking, no sim cover. Plain simple unlock code .. Our site uses strong SSL encryption so all transactions are secured.. About Unlock Delivery / T&C / Refund Policy. How to Unlock ZTE Blade A3 Benefits of Unlocking ZTE Blade A3 Unlock Codes for ZTE Blade A3 The model no. of the phone The country it was purchased or locked in The IMEI number The network it is locked to Important Links. ZTE is one of the brand names that has placed itself well in the field of mobile phones. But how much of a brand would it be if it confines you to a single network? It happens with a locked phone. A ZTE Blade A3 may be a device you would love to show off, but if it is locked, it shall make a disaster. Blade A3 does far more than a locked one and has more value than one thinks.. Once you unlock your ZTE Blade A3, you can avail services from any network you find appropriate. A locked phone will confine your calls, data usage, and other features to just one system while an unlocked ZTE Blade A3 shall free you from the bondage of the same. In case you are travelling, there may or may not be a proper network coverage with the default SIM you are using. Here, you can choose an SIM from the current location to avoid roaming charges and other hidden costs.. Besides that, if you ever plan on selling your phone, an unlocked ZTE Blade A3 would bring you not only a much better price, but also a variety of buyers to choose.. A code from unlockninja.com is the most secure tool for unlocking your ZTE Blade A3. It is the fastest and simplest method and needs the following data:. Post entering these details, you get a code that you have to enter only once. This process doesn't affect the data in your phone or the manufacturer's warranty in any manner. Now, the only worry you may have would be that of the money, and that solved too. This code comes with a money back guarantee.. Delivery Terms & Conditions The information, files, graphics, text, software, communication published on this site as well as all the services provided is subject to the terms and conditions of specified here. You are supposed to check them periodically and abide by them, before availing any service from us. We also reserve the right to modify the terms and conditions anytime, and we expect your actions to respect the current version of them. If any breach of the conditions happens, your right to use this site gets terminated by default. Customers should give correct information regarding the details of their mobile handsets, as a model, network provider in which the unlocking done, country code, IMEI number, etc. You should not attempt to unlock the device by yourself or use any alternative method to open it other than the unlocking code provided by us. You should use only the network provided unlock codes, which specially made for this purpose. You are requested not to use pattern blocks, PIN/PUK codes, security codes, etc., as they do not serve your purpose. The network provider should not prevent the mobile phone in the event of stolen, lost or misplaced devices.. Our primary goal is to provide our customers with the best service we can. After receiving your order, we strive our best to review it within 24 hours depending on the current amount of orders we have. Once the unlocking process starts, we are no longer able to speed up or cancel/refund your order. We are waiting for the result that we will deliver to you.. We work with mobile carriers from all over the world and wait for their response on each unlocking request we get. In most cases, the process is completed successfully within the average delivery time we suggest. However, some factors do not depend on us. Sometimes, the carrier�s server doesn�t respond, We are not able to complete the order or, hardly ever, our server gets a cyber attack that slows down everything for a particular amount of time. Also, mobile networks like to change the unlocking policy that can affect the unlocking process and have to resubmit it.. If you do not receive unlock code in time, please, feel free to contact us. Our support team will do their best to help you. You are also advised to read the User Agreement where the terms of the delivery time are described in details before you accept it.. We create life, free of troubles by helping you crack the unlock code of your cellphone irrespective of the network provider as well as the location of your sim card it subscribed. We guide you throughout the complete process of unlocking the network codes imposed on your device. We also have an excellent support team that is ready to guide you with all your troubleshooting concerns. Please read the following terms and conditions well, before opting for our service.. We’re so sure that we’ll exceed your expectations with our service that it is 100% guaranteed. We have successfully unlocked 96,500 phones since 2009. Enter your phone model to unlock. We have made it easy for you to search your phone by directly entering the model number.. Main link Home Blog Sitemap Contact Us FAQ'S Return Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions. Popular Brand Unlock ZTE phone Unlock Samsung Phone Unlock iPhone phone Unlock Motorola phone Unlock At&t Phone Unlock Blackberry Phone Unlock Ericsson Phone Unlock G.plus phone Unlock Google Nexus Phone Unlock HTC Phone Unlock Sony phone Unlock LG Phone Unlock Huawei Phone. Popular Model Unlock ZTE mf90 Unlock ZTE mf65 Unlock iPhone 6 Unlock iPhone 6s unlock samsung galaxy SM G360P unlock samsung galaxy SM G550T Unlock LG VS425PP Unlock LG D415 Unlock Motorola XT1527 Unlock Motorola XT1540 Unlock Huawei LYO L02 Unlock Huawei Y6 Elite. Thanks for such a fast unlocking service.my smartphone was barred and it was impossible to use but Now i can use my smartphone anywhere because its now factory unlocked.. Best service and they do what they said i have done two unlocking of SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 3 and they done in time they said..excellent service and good value of money and trust me its not a scam website.. I got the code within the estimated time and guess what? IT WORKS!!!!!!!. Home FAQ'S Return Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Blog Sitemap Contact Us. © 2018 UnlockNinja.com All rights reserved. Website developed by Aphro ECS. 
Log in Sign up. ZTE Blade A3 gets new color: Quite Blue. ZTE has launched a new color option for its dual selfie camera sporting Blade A3 smartphone. The option in question is Quite Blue, with which the total number of color options for the handset has increased to three - the other two being Glacier Blue and Obsidian Black.. Pricing (CNY 799, or $120) as well as specs remain the same. To quickly refresh, the Blade A3 is powered by MediatTeks MT6737T SoC and sports a 5.5-inch HD display. RAM is 3GB, while internal memory is 32GB.. The handset features a dual front camera setup (5MP + 2MP) and a 13MP rear shooter. It packs in a large, 4,000mAh battery. There's also a fingerprint scanner on the back.. Oreo for Axon 7 coming, ZTE confirms. ZTE Axon M gets $200 price cut in US. ZTE Axon 7 is no longer in production. AT&T offering $100 reward card with each ZTE Axon M order. 
How to Unlock ZTE Blade A3?. Posted in Unlock ZTE Tagged ZTE Blade A3. Posted on January 10, 2018 January 11, 2018 by Ravi Singh. ZTE brand phone unlocking is possible using an NCK code. Doctor-sim.net can provide the correct unlock code for ZTE Blade A3. Once the phone is unlocked, it can be used with the default carrier as well as another carrier sim card.. Unlocking of ZTE Blade A3 by code is a recommended method. In this method, you will not loose the warranty of the phone, because we don’t change the firmware or software by any means. Once the phone is network-free, you are free to choose any network provider.. If you are searching for unlocking of ZTE Blade A3, you have come to a nice place. To retrieve the unlock code from the database of ZTE, we need only the correct 15-digit IMEI. You can find the correct IMEI no.. You can also find out the IMEI by dialing *#06# as a phone number.. Note I : If you are using a dual-SIM phone, then only place the order for first SIM slot. Once the first sim-slot will be released, your phone will be network-free.. Note II : All the latest phones from T-Mobile and MetroPCS use “Device Unlock App”, that cannot be unlocked by a code. We can still find an unlock code for you, but it will be useless for you.. How long we need to wait for an. unlock code of ZTE mobile phone?. The approximate delivery time for a ZTE mobile phone starts from 1 to 24 hrs.. The average response time for a ZTE unlock code is 2 hrs (based on last 100 orders).. How to Unlock ZTE Blade A3?. How to Enter Unlock Code in ZTE Blade A3 phone?. Switch on the phone with another operator sim card (if you have purchased the phone from Telstra company, you can use Optus sim card for unlocking purposes).. The phone will prompt to enter the unlock code.. Input the unlock code, which is provided by doctor-sim.net.. Now your ZTE Blade A3 is network-free.. You can use any sim card from now onwards.. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *. Copyright © 2017 Doctor SIM. 
Mobiles / ZTE Mobile Phones / ZTE Blade A3 Price in India. Market Status: Coming Soon User Visits: 979 Launch Date in India: 20 March, 2018 Compare. Expected Launch Date: 20 March, 2018. ZTE Blade A3 has not been launched yet.. Apply for a credit card on bankbazaar.com, and get free Amazon vouchers worth Rs. 1.5 GHz Quad Core 3 GB RAM 32 GB Storage 5.5" (13.97 cm) Display 4000 mAh Battery 13 MP Rear Camera 5 MP Front Camera Dual SIM No Quick Charging. We will notify you as soon as ZTE Blade A3 becomes available. Also get the latest launches, top stories & best deals right in your inbox.. We will notify you as soon as ZTE Blade A3 is available in market. 152 x 75.8 x 8.2 mm. 1.5 GHz Quad core 64 bit (Cortex A53). Handset with built-in Battery, USB Cable, Charger, User Manual, Warranty Card. Disclaimer: The specifications shown may be different from actual. Please confirm with the retailer site before purchasing.. Compare ZTE Blade A3 vs Xiaomi Redmi 5A. ZTE Mobiles Upcoming ZTE Mobiles ZTE Mobiles Under 5000 ZTE 4G Mobiles ZTE Dual SIM Mobiles ZTE Android Mobiles ZTE 4G Mobiles Under 15000. Upcoming Mobiles Latest Mobiles Best 4G Mobiles Best Fingerprint Scanner Mobiles Best Mobiles Best 4GB RAM Mobiles Best Waterproof Mobiles Best Android Mobiles Best Camera Mobiles Best Keypad Mobiles. Xiaomi Mobiles Nokia Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Oppo Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Gionee Mobiles Sony Mobiles HTC Mobiles Apple Mobiles Samsung Mobiles. Overview Specs Alternatives. 
Your Ultimate Guide to Take Screenshots. ≡ Menu HOME BLACKBERRY ANDROID Google Pixel & Pixel XL Google Pixel C Galaxy S7 , Galaxy S7 Edge Google Nexus 9 & Nexus 10 IOS Apple ​iPhone ​X iPhone 5 , iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus NOKIA LUMIA PRIVACY POLICY DISCLAIMER CONTACT US. on November 1, 2017. to take a screenshot on ZTE Blade A3 How. to take a screenshot on ZTE Blade A3 ABOUT PHONE. Go to the screen which you want to take a screenshot .. Press and hold the power and volume down button simultaneously.. You will hear the camera shutter sound indicating that the screenshot has been taken successfully.. If you want to share it immediately, just hit the share icon on the screenshot. ZTE Blade A3 smartphone comes with a 5.50-inch touchscreen display with a resolution of 720 pixels by 1280 pixels.The phone is powered by 1.4GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6737T processor and it comes with 3GB of RAM. The phone packs 32GB of internal storage. It has a 13-megapixel primary camera on the rear and a 5-megapixel front shooter for selfies. It supports all connectivity option includes Wi-Fi, GPS, Bluetooth, 4G. It is also powered by a 4000mAh non-removable battery. Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window). Notify me of follow-up comments by email.. Notify me of new posts by email.. Next post: Lenovo Vibe P1m. How to take a screenshot on Galaxy S5. How to take a screenshot on samsung s7. how to take a screenshot on iphone 5. Android Blackberry Chrome OS Firefox OS IOS Nintendo PLAYSTATION Smartphone Tips Smartwatch Uncategorized Windows. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 7.0 (2018). 
GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 - SIM 1 & SIM 2. HSDPA 850 / 900 / 2100. LTE band 1(2100), 3(1800), 5(850), 7(2600), 8(900), 20(800), 38(2600). 147 x 71 x 8.5 mm (5.79 x 2.80 x 0.33 in). Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by). IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors. 5.2 inches, 74.5 cm 2 (~71.4% screen-to-body ratio). 720 x 1280 pixels, 16:9 ratio (~282 ppi density). microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot). Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR, panorama. Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot. Fingerprint (rear-mounted), accelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass. SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IM. We can not guarantee that the information on this page is 100% correct. ZTE Blade A6 - user opinions and reviews. I'm using ZTE Nubia Z11 mini for almost a year therefore I trust the quality of the phone will be good however this model looks overpricing for such low end configuration. For 200 $ brands such as Xiaomi/Lenovo (Moto) offers better quality of pho.... Samsung Apple Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Microsoft Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Energizer XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) ZTE Blade A3 ZTE Zmax Pro Xiaomi Redmi 5A ZTE Blade A520 Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017). ZTE Blade V9 Vita ZTE Tempo Go ZTE Axon 7 ZTE nubia Z17s ZTE Axon 9 ZTE nubia Z17. 
Virgin Mobile Internet and MMS APN Settings for ZTE Blade A3 Virgin Mobile Internet and MMS settings ZTE Blade A3 compatibility with Virgin Mobile Compatibility disclaimer APN settings available for ZTE Blade A3 in United States ZTE Blade A3 Post Reply Internet and MMS settings for other phone models. Acer Alcatel Apple Asus BlackBerry BLU Coolpad CSL Dell Fujitsu Garmin GeeksPhone General Mobile Gigabyte Gionee Google Highscreen HKC HP HTC Huawei i-Mobile INQ Intex Kyocera Sanyo Lava Lenovo LG Meizu Micromax Microsoft Motorola myPhone NEC Nexian Nokia OnePlus Oppo Ouku Panasonic Pantech Qigi Samsung Sony Sony Ericsson Toshiba UMi Vivo Xiaomi XOLO YU ZTE. ZTE Blade A3 Virgin Mobile Internet and MMS. ZTE Blade A3 does not appear to be fully compatible with Virgin Mobile at this time. It will only support Virgin Mobile 4G LTE only in certain areas of United States. Please check the compatibility of ZTE Blade A3 with Virgin Mobile for more details. To configure your ZTE Blade A3 to use Virgin Mobile Internet and MMS in United States follow below steps.. Go to Settings More / Mobile networks Access Point Names. Press ➕ on right top corner.. APN PPP phone number: Not set. Do not change the default values set by device for all blank fields above.. Not successful? Check APN settings configuration guide for United States. Leave feedback or ask a question.... ZTE Blade A3 is compatible with below network frequencies of Virgin Mobile .. 2G GSM Not compatible 3G HSDPA Not compatible 4G LTE ⚡ Band 41 2500 MHz*. *These frequencies of Virgin Mobile may not have countrywide coverage for ZTE Blade A3.. Explain ZTE Blade A3 compatibility with Virgin Mobile.... ZTE Blade A3 variants and supported network frequencies.... Straight Talk Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. H2O Wireless Internet settings for ZTE Blade A3. H2O Wireless MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. AT&T Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. MetroPCS Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Consumer Cellular Internet settings for ZTE Blade A3. Consumer Cellular MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. T-Mobile Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. iWireless Internet settings for ZTE Blade A3. iWireless MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Sprint Internet settings for ZTE Blade A3. Sprint MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Union Wireless Internet settings for ZTE Blade A3. Union Wireless MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. LycaMobile Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. West Central Wireless Internet settings for ZTE Blade A3. West Central Wireless MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Viaero Internet settings for ZTE Blade A3. Viaero MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Simple Mobile Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Cricket Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. CTExcel Internet settings for ZTE Blade A3. CTExcel MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Net 10 Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. TracFone Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Project Fi Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. GCI Internet settings for ZTE Blade A3. GCI MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Walmart Family Mobile Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Ultra Mobile Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. GoSmart Mobile Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Centennial Wireless Internet settings for ZTE Blade A3. Cincinnati Bell Internet settings for ZTE Blade A3. Jolt Mobile Internet settings for ZTE Blade A3. ZIP SIM Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. US Cellular Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Red Pocket Mobile Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. AirVoice Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. FreedomPop Internet settings for ZTE Blade A3. Ting Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. US Mobile Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Boom Mobile Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. GoPhone Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Telcel America Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. UVA Mobile Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Pure Talk Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Univision Mobile Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. SpeedTalk Mobile Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Cingular Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Cellular Abroad Internet settings for ZTE Blade A3. good2GO Mobile Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Pix Wireless Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Zing PCS Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Tempo Telecom Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Black Wireless Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Liberty Wireless Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Defence Mobile Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Virgin Mobile Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. easyGO Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. TruConnect Internet settings for ZTE Blade A3. RingPlus Mobile Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. TPO Mobile Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Tello Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. TextNow Internet and MMS settings for ZTE Blade A3. Technologies supported 2G, 3G, 4G LTE Mobile data HSPA, LTE Cat4 150/50 Mbps SIM Dual SIM (Nano-SIM - dual stand-by) WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wi-Fi Direct, hotspot Bluetooth 4.1, A2DP, LE GPS A-GPS Operating System Android 7 Nougat Screen 16M colors - IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen (5.5 inches) 720x1280 Processor Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 RAM 3 GB Internal memory 32 GB Micro SD 256 GB Camera 13 MP Front camera 5 MP. See all specifications for ZTE Blade A3. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ZTE Blade A3 is not your phone?. © 2013-2018 Gishan Networks This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License. Black Wireless Internet and MMS settings. Boom Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Boost Mobile Internet and MMS settings. C Spire Internet and MMS settings. Cingular Internet and MMS settings. CREDO Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Defence Mobile Internet and MMS settings. good2GO Mobile Internet and MMS settings. GoSmart Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Liberty Wireless Internet and MMS settings. Net 10 Internet and MMS settings. Page Plus Cellular Internet and MMS settings. Pix Wireless Internet and MMS settings. Project Fi Internet and MMS settings. Pure Talk Internet and MMS settings. Red Pocket Mobile Internet and MMS settings. RingPlus Mobile Internet and MMS settings. ROK Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Simple Mobile Internet and MMS settings. SpeedTalk Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Straight Talk Internet and MMS settings. Telcel America Internet and MMS settings. Tempo Telecom Internet and MMS settings. Total Wireless Internet and MMS settings. TPO Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Ultra Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Univision Mobile Internet and MMS settings. US Cellular Internet and MMS settings. US Mobile Internet and MMS settings. UVA Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Virgin Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Walmart Family Mobile Internet and MMS settings. Zing PCS Internet and MMS settings. ZIP SIM Internet and MMS settings. 
Likes Followers Followers Followers Followers mobitabspecs Subscribe. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99 GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99 TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Note 3 available for $379.99 TomTop Deals: Koolnee K1 Trio smartphone available for $229.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 available for $569.99 GearBest Deals: Xiaomi Mi 6 smartphone available for $449.99 GearBest Deals: MSI GL62M 7RD – 223CN Gaming Laptop available for $899.99 GearBest Deals: Vernee X Mobile available for $247.99 TomTop Deals: MX10 Android 7.1.2 TV Box RK3328 4GB / 32GB available for $58.99. Mobitabspecs - Tech Blog with Mobile Phones News and Specifications. News Deals Review Specification Mobiles Tablets Laptops Compare Comparisons. All Apps News Tablet News Mobile News Accessories News. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will Attend the MWC 2018. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Prev Next. All Tablet Deals TomTop Deals Mobile Deals Laptop Deals GearBest Deals Accessories Deal. TomTop Deals: Sharp Z2 4G smartphone available for $117.99. GearBest Deals: Onda V80 Tablet available for $74.99. TomTop Deals: HOMTOM S8 available for $128.99. Prev Next. DesignCap Review- A Free and Effortless Online Poster Maker. Create Beautiful Logo Designs for Your Business With DesignEvo. Review: iSeePassword Windows Password Recovery Pro. Switch To A New Phone And Make The Switch As Easy As It Gets. Prev Next. Home Gadgets Mobiles ZTE Blade A3 2017. Brand: ZTE Category: Mobiles. OS : Android OS v7.0. The overall rating is based on review by our experts. 8.0 4.0 1. Display 8 / 10. RAM 8 / 10. Processor 7 / 10. Camera 8 / 10. Connectivity 9 / 10. Battery 8 / 10. Performance 8 / 10. Design 8 / 10. The ZTE Blade A3 2017 smartphone was launched in Oct-2017. The device comes in Black and Blue colours.. The smartphone features a 5.5-inch IPS LCD multi-touch full view display with a screen resolution of 1280 x 720 pixels.. The device has a 1.5GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6737T processor with Mali T720 GPU and 3GB of RAM. The ZTE Blade A3 2017 smartphone comes with 32GB of inbuilt memory which can be expandable up to 128GB memory via microSD card expansion.. It runs Android 7.0 Nougat OS with MiFavor UI 4.2 and comes with a 4000 mAh battery. It also houses a Fingerprint scanner.. The device sports a 13MP rear camera with LED flash and a 5MP+2MP dual front camera as well.. On the connectivity front, the device supports a Bluetooth v4.1, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, GPS, 4G, Dual Sim and micro USB port. The handset measures 152.9mm x 75.8. ZTE Blade A3 2017 - Technical Specification. Type Design Type called form factor refers to a mobile phone's size, shape, and style as well as the layout and position of major components of phone. There are three major form factors seen in mobile phones => bar phones, folding phones and sliding phones.. 152 mm x 75.8 mm x 8.2 mm. Display Type Display Technology => A number of display technologies and types used in mobile phones => TFT (Thin Film Transistor), IPS (In-Place Switching), OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode), AMOLED (Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode), Super AMOLED (an even advanced version of AMOLED), Resistive Touchscreen (Resistive touchscreens contain two layer of conductive material with a very small gap between them which acts as a resistance), Capacitive Touchsceen (Capacitive touchscreen technology consists of a layer of glass coated with a transparent conductor). Pixel Density Pixel Density (PPI) is refers to the concentration of pixels on a particular display, measured in pixels per inch (ppi). Pixel density is calculated by dividing the diagonal pixel resolution of a display by its diagonal size, higher pixel density better display quality.. Display Colors Display Colors is refers to the number of different shades of colors that the screen is capable of displaying => 64K colors, 256K colors and 16 million colors, Obviously 16M is highest available range of colors and better than others.. Display Protection Display Protection => Gorilla Glass is a special alkali-aluminosilicate glass shield with exceptional damage resistance that helps protect mobile displays from scratches, drops, and bumps of everyday use, It is always better to go for a smartphone with Gorilla Glass for that added protection and peace of mind.. -~72.3% screen-to-body ratio -2.5D curved glass. GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 MHz. GSM 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100 MHz. SIM SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) is a small card that contains mobile network subscriber's account information. This allows the phone using the card to attach to a mobile network. The SIM card is most commonly associated with GSM and UMTS mobile networks. Moving a SIM card from one phone to another allows a subscriber to switch mobile phones without having to contact their mobile network carrier. SIM cards can also be used by a phone to store limited amounts of data, such as phone numbers and text messages.. Chipset Chipset is a group of integrated circuits designed to perform one or a more dedicated functions, often with real time computing constraints, Popular smartphones are equipped with more advanced embedded chipsets that can do many different tasks depending on their programming.. CPU CPU (Central Processing Unit) mostly known as processors, CPU processes instructions in order to carry out certain functions that make your device operate properly. Processors are often described as the brain of computers, smartphones and tablets, Smartphones and tablets rely on processors to carry out their every task, Processors are an incredibly important factor in selecting any type of computing device, including your smartphone.. GPU GPU (Graphics Processing Unit) is a single-chip processor designed to rapidly manipulate and alter memory to accelerate the creation of images in a frame buffer intended for output to a display, This includes things such as lighting effects, object transformations, and 3D motion.. RAM (Memory) RAM (Random Access Memory) is a type of computer memory that can be accessed randomly, any byte of memory can be accessed without touching the preceding bytes that allows information to be stored and accessed quickly from random locations. RAM is the most common type of memory found in computer systems, smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices.. Internal Storage Internal Storage is a data storage space (flash memory) mostly used in smartphones, tablets and other electronic devices where operating system, apps, music, photos, videos, files and other user data Is stored.. Card Slot Memory Card Slot is a special slot for inserting a memory card. Memory cards allow you to expand the phone's built-in memory, A memory card (sometimes called a flash memory card or a storage card) is a small storage medium used to store data such as text, pictures, audio, and video, for use on small, portable or remote computing devices such as mobile phones, mp3 players, digital cameras.. Dedicated slot Dedicated slot refers to a non-hybrid slot i.e. u can use two sim cards as well as a micro sd memory card at the same time. Sensors Sensors are electronic components that detects and responds to some type of input from the physical environment. The specific input could be light, heat, motion, moisture, pressure and location, The output is generally a signal that is converted to use in computing systems, a location sensor, such as a GPS receiver is able to detect current location of your electronic device.. Accelerometer Proximity Ambient light Fingerprint. Operating System OS => Every computer system run on a base software called Operating System (OS). Operating System controls all basic operations of the computer (such as smartphone, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices). The Operating System allows the user to install and run third party applications (apps), apps are used to add new functionality to the device.. Android OS v7.0 with MiFavor UI 4.2. Java Support Java for Mobile Devices is a set of technologies that let developers deliver applications and services to all types of mobile handsets, ranging from price efficient feature-phones to the latest smartphones. Java is currently running on over 3 billion phones worldwide, and growing. It offers unrivaled potential for the distribution and monetization of mobile applications.. Youtube Youtube is a popular free video-sharing website, Youtube is the largest video sharing site in the world, Millions of users around the world have created accounts on the site that allow them to upload videos that anyone can watch.. Facebook Facebook is a popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues. The site is available in 37 different languages.. SMS SMS (Short Messaging Service) is a text messaging service component of phone, Web, or mobile communication systems. It uses standardized communications protocols to allow mobile phone devices to exchange short text messages over the networks.. MMS MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content (audio clips, video clips and images) to and from mobile phones over wireless networks using the WAP protocol.. Email Email (Electronic Mail) is a system for receiving, sending, and storing electronic messages, Similar to a letter, email is text messages that may contain files, images, or other attachments sent via the internet to a recipient by using applications and software prograps. An email address is required to receive email, and that address is unique to the user.. IM IM (Instant Messaging) is an exchange of text messages through a software application, it enable you to create a kind of private chat room with another individual in order to communicate in real time over the Internet.. Primary Camera is able to capture photographs and usually videos, The most important characteristics of a camera are the resolution (measured in megapixels), lens focus type (fixed or automatic), higher megapixel cameras are known to capture higher quality photos, but not always a good measurement of the photos quality.. Flash Flash Light => There is commonly two types of flash lights are used in camera mobile phones, LED Flash (LED flash offers lower power consumption with drive circuitry that takes up very little room, LEDs can be strobed faster than any other light source), Xenon Flash (xenon flash produces an extremely intense full-spectrum white light for a very short duration). Geotagging Autofocus HDR Touch focus Face detection Panorama. Bluetooth Bluetooth is a wireless communications technology for exchanging data between mobile phones, headsets, computers and other network devices over short distances without wires, Bluetooth technology was primarily designed to support simple wireless networking of personal consumer devices.. Infrared Infrared connectivity is an old wireless technology used to connect two electronic devices. It uses a beam of infrared light to transmit information and so requires direct line of sight and operates only at close range.. Wi-fi Wi-Fi is a popular wireless networking technology using radio waves to provide high-speed network connections that allows devices to communicate without cords or cables, Wi-Fi is increasingly becoming the preferred mode of internet connectivity all over the world.. GPS GPS The Global Positioning System is a satellite-based radio navigation system, GPS permits users to determine their position, velocity and the time 24 hours a day, in all weather, anywhere in the world, In order to locate your position, your device or GPS receiver must have a clear view of the sky.. NFC NFC (Near field communication) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish peer-to-peer radio communications with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.. Wireless Charging Wireless Charging (Inductive Charging) uses an electromagnetic field to transfer energy between two objects. This is usually done with a charging station. Energy is sent through an inductive coupling to an electrical device, which can then use that energy to charge batteries or run the device.. HDMI HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is a compact audio/video interface for transferring uncompressed video data and compressed or uncompressed digital audio data from a HDMI-compliant source device to a compatible computer monitor, video projector, digital television, or digital audio device.. GPRS GPRS (General Packet Radio Service) is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular communication system's global system for mobile communications (GSM), Generally, GPRS is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. EDGE EDGE (Enhanced Data GSM Environment) is a wireless network technology generally considered the next step in the 2G network offers data transfer rates up to four times faster than ordinary GSM networks, Generally, EDGE is used for the purpose of wireless data transfer, such as sharing pictures and videos or browsing the Internet via a mobile phone connection.. 42.2 Mbps (HSDPA), 5.76 Mbps;(HSUPA), LTE 150/50 Mbps. Web Browser Web Browser => a web browser is a software application used to locate, retrieve and display content on the World Wide Web, including Web pages, images, video and other files, The primary function of a web browser is to render HTML, the code used to design or markup webpages.. 3GP, M4V, H.263, H.264, MOV, AVI, xVID, WMV, FLV, MP4, H.265. Battery Type Battery Type => Cell phones run on various kinds of batteries depending on the manufacturer, phone size or shape and features. There are basically four types of cell phone batteries => Lithium Polymer, Lithium Ion, Nickel Metal Hydride and Nickel Cadmium.. Capacity Battery Capacity is a measure (typically in Amp-hr) of the charge stored by the battery, and is determined by the mass of active material contained in the battery. The battery capacity represents the maximum amount of energy that can be extracted from the battery under certain conditions.. Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic 2. Photo and video editor 4. ZTE Blade A3 2017 - Rate this Device Be the first to add a Review Your Name * Your Email * Review Title * Review Text * Rate this Product Display: Screen size, image quality (brightness, colors, contrast, etc), visibility in sun light, angles of view and touchscreen. RAM: Processor: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Camera: Usability of Camera interface, image and video quality in different light conditions and environment. Connectivity: Bluetooth, Wi-fi connectivity, data trnasfer speed, internet browsing and interfaces. Battery: What about battery life, while calling, listening music, watching videos, playing games and doing other tasks. Performance: Is this device perform good while watching videos, playing games, taking snapshots, browsing internet and navigate through other applications? Design: What do you feel about Design and build quality of this device? Average Rating 6 / 10 based on your selection. Please post a user review only if you have / had this product.. ZTE Blade A2 Plus full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Prelude Plus 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Blade V9 Pro 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Z986 full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Nubia Z18 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Blade V8 Lite full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Nubia N2 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Blade Spark $99.99 View specs →. ZTE Blade A6 Lite 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Blade X2 Max 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE nubia Z17 mini full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Axon 8 full specifications, features 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Blade A2s 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Blade A6 Max 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Blade A330 0 Reviews View specs →. ZTE Nubia Z18s 0 Reviews View specs →. 13,512 Likes 3,221 Followers 4 Followers 226 Followers 3,166 Followers RSS Subscribe. Intex Aqua Lions T1 Lite launched in India for Rs 3899. iLA X AliExpress Tech Discovery Promotions & Will…. Unnamed HTC 2Q5W1 smartphone spotted on GeekBench. Motorola Moto X4 6GB RAM variant launched in India. Prev Next 1 of 68. Mobile Specifications ZTE Blade V9 Vita Ulefone T2 Pro Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Samsung Galaxy S9 $719.99 Nokia 8110 4G $99.00 Nokia 8 Sirocco $924.00. Tablet Specifications BQ BQ-8041L Art $121.00 Samsung Galaxy Tab S4 10.5 SM-T835 Samsung Galaxy Tab A 10.1 2018 Samsung Galaxy Tab E 8.0 2018 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 Pro $643.00 Huawei Mediapad M5 10 $468.00. Laptop Specifications Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-7170GLD-PUS Laptop $1,549.00 Dell XPS 13 9370 XPS9370-5156SLV-PUS Laptop $1,299.00 Xiaomi Air 13.3 Intel Core i7 Notebook $976.99 Asus A541UJ7200 Notebook $739.99 Asus A541UV7100 Notebook $609.99 Acer Predator 21 X $8,999.00. Recent Compares Alcatel 3 vs Alcatel 3x vs Alcatel 3v View Comparison → Alcatel 1x vs Alcatel 3v vs Alcatel 3x View Comparison → Nokia 8 Pro vs Nokia 7 Plus View Comparison →. Top Rated Samsung Galaxy S9 Active Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus $839.99 Apple iPhone X Plus LG Signature Edition $1,800.00 Apple iPhone Xc Apple iPhone 8 Plus full Specification, features. Brands 10.or 3 360 3 Acer 8 AGM 1 Alcatel 36 Allcall 1 Allview 20 Apple 11 Archos 38 Asus 46 AT&T 1 Blackberry 5 Blackview 24 Blu 45 Bluboo 8 BQ 21 Brandeis 1 Cagabi 2 CAT 5 Celkon 7 Changhong 0 Cherry Mobile 5 Coolpad 24 Cubot 5 Dell 2 DEXP 4 Doogee 16 Doopro 9 Doov 3 EL 1 Elephone 16 Energizer 1 Essential 1 Fly 20 Freetel 2 Geecoo 5 Geotel 1 Gionee 31 Google 4 Gooweel 2 Gretel 1 Hafury 3 Haier 6 Highscreen 3 Hisense 6 HomTom 7 HP 2 HTC 19 Huawei 93 IBall 3 iMAN 0 iNew 1 Infinix 3 Infocus 10 Innjoo 1 Intex 29 itel 4 Ivoomi 10 Jinga 4 Jivi 4 Karbonn 20 Kenxinda 8 Kingzone 1 Kodak 1 Konka 3 Koobee 1 Kyocera 11 Lava 11 Leagoo 12 LeEco 6 Lenovo 14 Lephone 4 LG 53 LYF 3 M-Tech 1 Meitu 3 Meizu 20 Micromax 33 Microsoft 2 Motorola 28 Noa 1 Nokia 25 Nomi 2 Nomu 2 OKWU 2 OnePlus 5 Oppo 28 Oukitel 15 Panasonic 24 Phicomm 3 Philips 10 Phonemax 4 Plum 3 Prestigio 26 Razer 1 Red 1 Runbo 1 Samsung 90 Sansui 1 Senseit 1 Sharp 18 Smartisan 3 Smartron 2 Sony 30 Spice 3 Sugar 10 Swipe 6 Symphony 8 T-Mobile 5 TCL 1 Teclast 1 Tecno 13 Texet 1 THL 1 TP-Link 5 Uhans 7 Ulefone 11 UMI 7 Unihertz 2 Vernee 7 Vertex 3 Vertu 0 Verykool 22 Videocon 5 Vivo 24 Vkworld 4 Vodafone 3 Vphone 1 Walton 2 Wiko 16 Wileyfox 1 Xgody 5 Xiaolajiao 13 Xiaomi 38 Xolo 4 YotaPhone 1 Yu 2 Zen 12 Ziox 6 Zopo 8 ZTE 71. Facebook Join us on Facebook Twitter Join us on Twitter Google+ Join us on Google Instagram Join us on Instagram Pinterest Join us on Pinterest. Mobitabspecs.com is a Tech Blog With Mobiles Tablets Laptops specifications, comparisons, Rumours full information and Resources. Mobiles Tablets Laptops News, Software Reviews, Daily exclusive Deals & Coupons and more.. Laptops 13 Mobiles 1395 Upcoming Mobiles 693 Tablets 101. Home Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Site Map Comparisons Compare Brands. 
